<|startoftext|>"My dear, you know if I could stay, I would. But they need me out there!" Isaac, your betrothed, squeezes your hand gently as he tries to soothe you.


"But I need you too! I need you here with me!" You scream at him, unwilling to accept that all too soon, he will be going off to fight in a war and may never return.


Isaac strokes your cheek gently. "My love. I will return. And when I do, we'll get married, just like we planned before all this started." He leans down and kisses your forehead gently. "I love you."


He walks off toward the other soldiers. You're not quite sure if he hears you as you whisper your last words of parting to him.


"I'll wait for you..."
> You continue
You sit up abruptly and pull your sheets securely around your chest. It was just another dream about Isaac's departure, you realize. You've been having a lot of those lately, even though it's been two months since he left. You haven't heard anything from him since about a week and a half after he arrived at his destination. It was nothing particularly heartwarming. Just a letter to say he was alive and would write soon. But he never did. He couldn't be dead, though, you think. Surely, someone would have informed you by now.


Suddenly, you hear a knock at the door, interrupting your thoughts. You really don't feel like getting up. You didn't sleep well last night. On the other hand, it could be the mailman with a letter from Isaac.
> You answer the door
It is the mailman, you realize with excitement after opening the door! But he doesn't have a letter from Isaac. It's a letter from the man who runs the factory where Tyson, Isaac's younger brother, works. Tyson had apparently been injured while working the assembly line. He was badly hurt and had nowhere to go. So they were sending him to you. No questions asked. He needed to be taken care of, and you were the only likely candidate for the job. Real doctors were much to busy taking care of injured soldiers to devote their time to a young man who couldn't even fight their war.


Tyson had broken some bones in his right hand when he was fifteen, and because the injury was never treated, they did not heal properly, resulting in partial loss of the functions in his hand. Therefore, he was useless, except to sit in a factory all day, producing weapons.


No one ever let him forget how his injury affected his daily life and his ability to be useful. They would constantly make him miserable, taunting and teasing.


But not you. He saved your life. You never believed he was useless...
> You 5 Years Earlier...
You were fourteen years old. It had already been a year since the accident when Tyson broke his hand, but he was still having trouble getting used to the fact that he didn't have full control over it.


You were walking along the beach one afternoon. You knew Tyson was at the top of a hill not far from the shore, watching you. There were signs of a storm coming in, but you didn't care. You wanted to be alone. You're father had just died, leaving you with only an aunt to take care of you.


Naturally, you didn't notice (or maybe you just didn't care) when a huge wave came up the beach straight towards you. You had never been a strong swimmer, so when the wave dragged you into the raging ocean, you pretty much gave in.


But Tyson would not allow you to be stolen so easily. The next thing you knew, you were being carried out of the water in his strong, muscular arms. "Stupid, stupid girl..." He crooned gently as he stroked your hair. You weren't sure, but you thought he might've had tears in his eyes.


How do you thank someone for just saving your life?
> You kiss him
You were so overcome with emotion, you barely had any time to think before you reached up and gently pulled his face towards yours. Your lips met tenderly, and a small gasp of surprise escaped his lips. But he recovered and realized what was happening. He kissed you with a gentleness you weren't certain you knew existed. He ran his fingers through your hair and whispered "Stupid girl" against your lips as he pulled away.
> You present Day
It's not long before a few men arrive at your door, hauling the injured Tyson. You lead them into the house and to an empty guest room where they lay him out on the bed. As soon as they have him positioned comfortably, they are on their way.


You realize that Tyson is drifting in and out of a state of consciousness. You do everything your mother taught you to do when you were young to treat an injury like Tyson's. All that's left to do is wait.


So you hold his hand and sit patiently.
> You 2 Hours Later...
"Where am I?" Tyson's eyes are open, and he's looking around like a lost child.


"It's ok, Tyson. You're safe here with me." You gently stroke his hair as he takes in his surroundings.


"Did you save my life?" He asks. You suppose he could've bled to death, but you weren't necessarily the one who saved him. "Can I thank you for saving my life... like you thanked me?"


Obviously a reference to the incident five years earlier. You two never talked about it - or the kiss - since it happened. But you were certain that's what he'd implied.


He wants to kiss you. Do you let him?
> Yes
He's injured. You don't feel as if you can refuse him. So you nod your head and lean close.


He gently reaches towards you, even though he clearly has pain in his arm, and pulls your face the remaining distance so your lips meet. You realize this is the first time the two of you have kissed since that day.


His lips are warm and soft against yours, not tainted with seawater as they were last time. He strokes your cheek gently as his mouth refamiliarizes itself with yours.


Then suddenly, you pull away as if remembering something. You're engaged to his brother. For all either of you know, he may not be alive. But you are his. And you wouldn't betray his brother... Would you?


"Thank you." He whispers softly, as he closes his eyes to rest.
> You continue
When Tyson wakes up a few hours later, you sit next to his bed. You have prepared a meal for him, realizing he must be starving. He sits up carefully, wincing in pain as his injuries are once again agitated.


"Be careful." You say gently, resting your hand softly against his chest.


He looks up at you and sighs. He has an odd expression on his face, but you can't decide what he might be thinking about. "Well, nurse," he says, his expression returning back to normal, "I hate to be a bother, but I'm really rather famished."


"Right. Here you go." You lift the plate out towards him, and he struggles to obtain it, his injuries obviously causing him extreme discomfort.
> You offer to feed him
His pain is too much for you to bear. Your hand instantly retracts, removing the dish from Tyson's reach. A distraught look quickly spreads upon his face. "Why?" He asks pathetically.


You shake your head. "I'm going to feed you. Whether you want me to or not. I can't stand seeing you grimace every time you move. So I'll do it."


You receive a look of shock in response. Possibly from the fact that you're treating him like a baby, or maybe just because of your extreme air of authority. But he doesn't object.


You scoop manageable bites into his mouth as he lays there helplessly. Every now and then, between bites, he'll send a small smile your way. Probably his less embarrassing way of thanking you for playing the role of his mother.


After you've fed him the last of his meal, you stand to go wash his dishes. But before you have time to make it a step away from Tyson's bed, he snatches your hand and sends an audible groan of agony through the room.


He had his purpose in mind, however, so as you stand there with a worried look on your face, he draws your hand towards his lips and plants a delicate kiss on your wrist. "Thank you." He whispers for the second time that day.
> You tyson's Progress
It's been several weeks since you've taken Tyson into your home. You realize you enjoy his company, not having previously noticed just how lonely you were. He seems to be getting much stronger, though he still hasn't left his bed a single time.


One afternoon, you enter Tyson's room to check on him. You see him struggling to stand on his own. When it appears that he's about to topple over, you rush to his side to support him. However, rather than accepting your assistance, he gently shoos you away. "No. I have to do this on my own." He says with determination. Then he adds more softly, "I can't always have you all to myself."


You stand back and give him space. He has trouble at first getting readjusted to the use of his legs. He still has some residual discomfort, but most of his pain is gone. Soon, he's walking about the whole room on his own.


"I want to go for a walk with you. Get some fresh air, see the sky. It'll be good for me, I think." He looks at you hopefully.


Should you go and risk his injury, or tell him to wait till he's fully recovered?
> You go for a walk
You carefully lead Tyson out of the house. He blinks a few times, his eyes readjusting to the bright sun he hasn't seen in forever. "Where to?" You ask.


Tyson thinks silently for a moment, then turns to you with a grin. "I think I know just the place." He takes your small, soft hand in his firm, yet gentle, grasp.


The two of you walk in comfortable silence for a while until you realize where he's leading you. Just below the hill where the two of you now stand, you can see the beach. Not just any beach. The beach where Tyson saved your life five years ago.


He leads you down the hill, then turns to you with a bashful expression. "I figured now was as good a time as any to talk about what happened that day." He presses your hand firmly over his heart. "You must know I had certain... feelings for you. I don't honestly know that I would've jumped in a raging ocean for just anyone."


You feel a wave of heat cross your face. You suppose you probably had figured that out by now, you just never wanted to consider the implications of what had occurred that day. Even back then, it was a known fact that Isaac had claimed you. You begin to wonder if you ever gave Tyson a fair chance.


"I'm not asking you to come out and say you've always secretly been in love with me. But... I do hope that maybe you'll start to consider - truly consider - how you feel about me."
> You time Goes By...
You and Tyson spend much time together as the days pass. It soon becomes evident that he must leave soon, as he is almost fully healed. You realize that this thought suddenly makes you feel sad and lonely.


One night, you enter Tyson's room to check on him. He had recently been having trouble sleeping, so it became your nightly ritual to hold his hand and tell him stories until he fell asleep.


When you reach his bedside, you see Tyson looking up at you in the dim light, a sad expression on his face.


A wave of concern washes over you. You sit on the edge of his bed and reach for his hand. "What's wrong?" You ask.


"I just... I love you so much!" He squeezes your hand to convey the urgency of this revelation. "I want you, all to myself, for the rest of my life. It's not fair that he's so lucky!"


You are shocked by his outburst. His proclamation of love was the last thing you expected. You sat in silence, unsure how to respond.


"Well? Say something!" You hear the overwhelming desire in his voice as he demands a response. "I need to know. Please. Do you love me? Could you ever learn to love me?"


How do you respond?
> You say "I do love you."
"Do you really?" With the aid of the moonlight streaming in through the window, you are able to see a smile quickly spread across Tyson's face. "Oh, my love!" He pulls you to him and presses his lips to yours. You feel a wave of heat wash through you as he run his hands through your hair.


You realize this is the first time he's ever kissed you without that gentleness he usually treats you with. He has replaced that gentleness with a hunger and passion that you find alarming, yet alluring.


Tyson gently eases you down on his bed and pins you beneath him. He sends fiery trails of kisses up and down your neck, along your jaw, and returns to your mouth, uttering vows of love against your lips. He breathes heavily as he runs his hands over your body and continues kissing you as if the world will end tomorrow. "My love... oh, how I've wanted you for so long!"


By the early morning, you realize two things: First, you have just given yourself to Tyson. And second, you broke your promise to Isaac...
> The Dilemma
It has been three months since you and Tyson consummated your love for each other. You realize that there is no way to hide your affair from Isaac, if he returns.


You are pregnant.


Tyson returned to the factory two short weeks after your night of bliss. You haven't seen him since, but he's always sending flowers and writing to you. In his last letter, he informed you that he would be visiting in a week.


He doesn't know you're pregnant yet, but you plan on telling him when he arrives.


You spend the week preparing for his arrival. On the day of his arrival, you hear a knock at the door. You rush to the door, expecting to find Tyson. Instead, you are greeted by the mailman.


It is a letter from Isaac. He is coming home in three days.
> The Decision
The instant Tyson sees you, he notices two things: First, he notices the bulge your stomach has begun to form. He is delighted at the implication that he will soon be a father. Second, he notices the look of distress on your face.


"My dear, what's wrong?" He asks, pulling you close with one hand. His free hand he gently rests on your stomach, right over the spot where his child resides.


You quickly explain to him about Isaac's letter. His reaction is some strange mixture of loathing and triumph. He couldn't stand the fact that, only months ago, you had come close to marrying his brother. But now, you were his. That is what you read on his face.


His response was calm, however. "It seems to me we really only have two options." He states matter-of-factly. "Either we stay here in hopes of reconciling with Isaac, or we run. Stay away for a few years. Long enough for him to get over losing you. We leave him a letter informing him of us, but don't tell him where we'll go. It's up to you, though."


What will you do?
> You stay
You tell Tyson you think it would be best to try and reconcile with Isaac. Tyson agrees to stay with you to await Isaac's arrival.


During the few days you two have alone before Isaac's arrival, you dreamily discuss the sort of life you will have together with your child. Tyson is constantly sneaking glances at your stomach, giddy with excitement of your child's arrival.


The moments you don't spend discussing your future, you spend with Tyson's lips pressed passionately against your skin.


But all too soon, Isaac arrives...
> You isaac's Arrival
It doesn't take long for Isaac to guess at your current relationship. Between the less than enthusiastic greeting he received, and the fact that you're obviously pregnant, he knows he's been betrayed.


"You! You traitor! How the hell could you do this to me?! How could you do this..." He gestures at your stomach. "...to her?!" His rage has caused his face to turn bright red. "You've made her into your plaything! She's no better than your common whore! My love, you've stolen her and her innocence!"


"Isaac, you can't always get everything you want! But then, you've never been good at sharing..." Tyson is clearly angered by Isaac's accusations and insults towards you. He shows remarkable restraint.


"No. No, I haven't. But... If I can't get what I want, then neither should you!" He draws his handgun from his pocket. Of course he would be in possession of a gun. He just returned from war!


With barely so much as the blink of an eye, he snaps his gun towards Tyson.


You know how this will end.


Without thinking, you position yourself in front of Tyson right before the bullet reaches him. Instead, it plants itself firmly in your pregnant body. You fall backwards and are caught in Tyson's arms. He screams profanities at Isaac.


"Stupid, stupid girl..." He says, stroking your hair, tears streaming down his face. He leans down and sends a gentle shower of kisses down upon your forehead. "My love... My stupid girl..."


You take another ragged breath. You cup his face gently in your hands.


"Now we're even..." You whisper softly, before fading away.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The instant Tyson sees you, he notices two things: First, he notices the bulge your stomach has begun to form. He is delighted at the implication that he will soon be a father. Second, he notices the look of distress on your face.


"My dear, what's wrong?" He asks, pulling you close with one hand. His free hand he gently rests on your stomach, right over the spot where his child resides.


You quickly explain to him about Isaac's letter. His reaction is some strange mixture of loathing and triumph. He couldn't stand the fact that, only months ago, you had come close to marrying his brother. But now, you were his. That is what you read on his face.


His response was calm, however. "It seems to me we really only have two options." He states matter-of-factly. "Either we stay here in hopes of reconciling with Isaac, or we run. Stay away for a few years. Long enough for him to get over losing you. We leave him a letter informing him of us, but don't tell him where we'll go. It's up to you, though."


What will you do?
> You run
You and Tyson decide that the best option is to run. You take your most important possessions with you and leave a long letter of apology for Isaac.


You and Tyson are married not long after your departure. For months, you constantly wonder how Isaac is. You don't regret choosing Tyson. No, you love Tyson. You only wish you hadn't been forced to hurt Isaac in the process.


Just as you are settling into a comfortable routine with Tyson, you receive terrible news.


Isaac has killed himself.


You don't question his motive. You know, without a doubt, it was because of you. Because he loved you. Because, not only did you betray him, but his brother betrayed him as well. You mourn his death for the months that lead up to the birth of Tyson's and your child. The baby is a healthy and handsome boy.


You and Tyson decide to name him "Isaac."


You and Tyson have two more children several years later. Another son, Bryce, and a daughter, Lila.


You and Tyson live happily together for many years. And every night before bed, he kisses you softly and whispers in your ear, "Thank you." And you know exactly what he means. Thank you for looking past the partial disability in his hand. Thank you for taking care of him when he was injured. Thank you for confessing your love that day, so many years ago.


But most of all he was saying "Thank you for giving me so many years of happiness and a beautiful family." Or, put more simply, he meant: "I love you."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You and Tyson spend much time together as the days pass. It soon becomes evident that he must leave soon, as he is almost fully healed. You realize that this thought suddenly makes you feel sad and lonely.


One night, you enter Tyson's room to check on him. He had recently been having trouble sleeping, so it became your nightly ritual to hold his hand and tell him stories until he fell asleep.


When you reach his bedside, you see Tyson looking up at you in the dim light, a sad expression on his face.


A wave of concern washes over you. You sit on the edge of his bed and reach for his hand. "What's wrong?" You ask.


"I just... I love you so much!" He squeezes your hand to convey the urgency of this revelation. "I want you, all to myself, for the rest of my life. It's not fair that he's so lucky!"


You are shocked by his outburst. His proclamation of love was the last thing you expected. You sat in silence, unsure how to respond.


"Well? Say something!" You hear the overwhelming desire in his voice as he demands a response. "I need to know. Please. Do you love me? Could you ever learn to love me?"


How do you respond?
> You say "I don't love you."
"Of course not! I've been a fool to even think I could win your heart. It was always Isaac. He was older. He was stronger. His hands were undamaged. He was going places! How could you ever love me?" Tyson looks away, hurt and anger spreading on his face.


"Tyson, no. It's not like that at all! I just..." You're at a loss for words.


"You just what? Tell me! Please! I'd love to know!"


"I don't know, ok? I don't know..." You're starting to tremble.


Tyson notices your trembling. His voice becomes gentler. "Kiss me. Really kiss me and tell me you don't love me." He quickly leans toward you and wraps his arms around you, pulling you up against him. He covers your mouth with his and kisses you hungrily. His fingers trail up and down your body. His mouth never stops. His lips are on your neck, trailing along your jaw, and back on your mouth.


As if suddenly realizing he needs to breathe, he stops, still holding you, and comes up for air. "Do you love me yet?" He breathes heavily.


That's when you know your answer, once and for all.
> You say "I'm sorry, I can't."
Tyson's face suddenly draws a blank expression. He had expected this response, but he was obviously hoping you'd changed your mind. He gently pushes you away. "Please. Leave." His voice cracks.


Your heart breaks seeing him this way. "Tyson, I-" He cuts you off.


"No. I don't want to hear it. Just go!" His voice rises.


When you wake the next morning, you realize Tyson is gone.
> One Year Later...
Isaac had returned from the war three months after that night when you refused Tyson. You and Isaac were married in a simple ceremony.


You were glad you decided to wait for Isaac. You loved him dearly, and it seemed as if not seeing you for so long had made him somehow more affectionate.


You were, however, sorry for the pain you caused Tyson. By this time, Tyson had become an infamous drunk. He was known for taking many women into his home constantly. More interesting was the fact that it was noted that he preferred a certain type of woman's company. And when this type of woman was described to you, the description sounded remarkably like you.


You were certain it wasn't a coincidence.


You and Isaac were soon expecting your first child. Isaac was out working one day. That's when the contractions started. You needed someone - anyone - there with you.


And that's when he showed up. Tyson. You looked at him with utter surprise and disbelief evident on your face.


"I'll always be here for you." That was all he said. That was all he needed to say.


By the time Isaac got home, Tyson was long gone. In his place was a beautiful baby girl.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Of course not! I've been a fool to even think I could win your heart. It was always Isaac. He was older. He was stronger. His hands were undamaged. He was going places! How could you ever love me?" Tyson looks away, hurt and anger spreading on his face.


"Tyson, no. It's not like that at all! I just..." You're at a loss for words.


"You just what? Tell me! Please! I'd love to know!"


"I don't know, ok? I don't know..." You're starting to tremble.


Tyson notices your trembling. His voice becomes gentler. "Kiss me. Really kiss me and tell me you don't love me." He quickly leans toward you and wraps his arms around you, pulling you up against him. He covers your mouth with his and kisses you hungrily. His fingers trail up and down your body. His mouth never stops. His lips are on your neck, trailing along your jaw, and back on your mouth.


As if suddenly realizing he needs to breathe, he stops, still holding you, and comes up for air. "Do you love me yet?" He breathes heavily.


That's when you know your answer, once and for all.
> You say "I think I always have."
Tyson smiles, his eyes shimmering in the moonlight streaming in through the window. "I hoped so! Oh, my love!"


He recovers instantly from his previous lack of breath. He instantly begins trailing kisses along every inch of your exposed flesh. His hands are restless. He wants more.


You suddenly realize you are willing to let him have more. He can have all of you, if that's what he wants.


"Do you want me?" Your whispers are intoxicating.


Tyson nods his head, breathing raggedly against your skin.


It is well into the morning when you realize you have just broken your promise to Isaac.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's been several weeks since you've taken Tyson into your home. You realize you enjoy his company, not having previously noticed just how lonely you were. He seems to be getting much stronger, though he still hasn't left his bed a single time.


One afternoon, you enter Tyson's room to check on him. You see him struggling to stand on his own. When it appears that he's about to topple over, you rush to his side to support him. However, rather than accepting your assistance, he gently shoos you away. "No. I have to do this on my own." He says with determination. Then he adds more softly, "I can't always have you all to myself."


You stand back and give him space. He has trouble at first getting readjusted to the use of his legs. He still has some residual discomfort, but most of his pain is gone. Soon, he's walking about the whole room on his own.


"I want to go for a walk with you. Get some fresh air, see the sky. It'll be good for me, I think." He looks at you hopefully.


Should you go and risk his injury, or tell him to wait till he's fully recovered?
> You stay inside
"Tyson, dear, I think that's a bad idea. I don't want you to get hurt. You're not strong enough to walk such great distances yet." You don't want to risk Tyson getting hurt all over again. You just hope he doesn't think you're being too controlling.


Tyson tries desperately to stifle a grin. "You do care about me, don't you?"


You blush fiercely. "Well, of course. I've known you for as long as I can remember. Why wouldn't I care about my friend?"


"Oh, is that all? Are you sure I'm just a friend? You've never once wondered what it would be like to spend the night with me?" He asks in a seductive tone. He winks at you and steps closer.


You're blushing again. It's rather obvious. Tyson laughs and moves back a step. "You're so cute when you're embarrassed." He says smiling. Then his expression turns serious. "I'm not going to lie, though. I've wondered..."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>When Tyson wakes up a few hours later, you sit next to his bed. You have prepared a meal for him, realizing he must be starving. He sits up carefully, wincing in pain as his injuries are once again agitated.


"Be careful." You say gently, resting your hand softly against his chest.


He looks up at you and sighs. He has an odd expression on his face, but you can't decide what he might be thinking about. "Well, nurse," he says, his expression returning back to normal, "I hate to be a bother, but I'm really rather famished."


"Right. Here you go." You lift the plate out towards him, and he struggles to obtain it, his injuries obviously causing him extreme discomfort.
> You watch in silence
You watch as Tyson struggles to position himself to eat. He makes slow progress in trying to feed himself. Every movement causes a flash of pain to course through him.


You would do anything to alleviate his pain, however, you don't want him getting the wrong idea. So instead, you wince as you watch him suffer.


When he's finally finished, he looks at you pathetically. "You are a wonderful cook. I only wish I could've enjoyed your meal under more favorable circumstances."


"I'm so sorry! You look miserable!" You whine sadly.


"No, no, darling. It's alright, really. I'm going to be honest. I don't mind it so much." He reaches out to take your hand and groans in pain. "I don't mind because I get to be with you." He gently kisses your wrist.


You have difficulty suppressing a smile.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Where am I?" Tyson's eyes are open, and he's looking around like a lost child.


"It's ok, Tyson. You're safe here with me." You gently stroke his hair as he takes in his surroundings.


"Did you save my life?" He asks. You suppose he could've bled to death, but you weren't necessarily the one who saved him. "Can I thank you for saving my life... like you thanked me?"


Obviously a reference to the incident five years earlier. You two never talked about it - or the kiss - since it happened. But you were certain that's what he'd implied.


He wants to kiss you. Do you let him?
> No
"Tyson... I'm sorry. We shouldn't. Isaac..." You trail off.


"No, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked. I just... I've been wanting to kiss you again so badly ever since that day. But you were always his, weren't you?" He looks away sadly.


"Tyson..." You reach for his hand, but he pulls away.


"No, it's ok. I'm fine with it. I'm sure you two will be very happy once Isaac gets back. You'll get married, have his children, grow old together... But. Remember what I said, ok? Because I meant it. I'll always be there for you, even if you don't want me."


"Thank you." You whisper as you rise to leave. "Get some rest, alright?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You were fourteen years old. It had already been a year since the accident when Tyson broke his hand, but he was still having trouble getting used to the fact that he didn't have full control over it.


You were walking along the beach one afternoon. You knew Tyson was at the top of a hill not far from the shore, watching you. There were signs of a storm coming in, but you didn't care. You wanted to be alone. You're father had just died, leaving you with only an aunt to take care of you.


Naturally, you didn't notice (or maybe you just didn't care) when a huge wave came up the beach straight towards you. You had never been a strong swimmer, so when the wave dragged you into the raging ocean, you pretty much gave in.


But Tyson would not allow you to be stolen so easily. The next thing you knew, you were being carried out of the water in his strong, muscular arms. "Stupid, stupid girl..." He crooned gently as he stroked your hair. You weren't sure, but you thought he might've had tears in his eyes.


How do you thank someone for just saving your life?
> You say "Thank you."
Tyson looks somewhat disappointed. You're not quite sure what he was expecting to happen, but he nods his head and smiles. "You know you don't have to thank me. I'll always be there for you if you need me." He strokes your cheek gently.


Suddenly, without warning, Tyson leans his face close to yours and kisses you gently on the lips. When he pulls away, he's blushing.


You stare at him in shock. "Sorry. I couldn't help myself." He shrugs casually but says nothing else as he walks you home.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The sound of your alarm clock wakes you and you groggily switch it off. You go through your normal morning routine and grudgingly head off to your job. As always, you arrive at work on time and walk straight into the back room to put on your uniform. Once there you notice your best friend, Ian, is already dressed and preparing to begin.

“Hey Jake.”

“Hey Ian, ready for another exciting day?” You ask sarcastically.

“Oh yea, working here has been highlight of my entire life.” He replies with equal sarcasm, “I hope I never quit.”

“Ah yes, stocking food has always been a dream of yours hasn’t it?”

“A lifelong-dream. Now if you’ll excuse me, it’s time to live that dream.”

He grabs a small nearby crate and rolls it into the main area of the store. You never thought he would end up as a stock boy in a grocery store. Then again, you thought both of you had bright futures. Although you were never really motivated to do anything, Ian was and certainly should have succeeded. You sigh and change into your uniform; this is your life and there’s no point in brooding over what could have been.

The day goes by relatively quickly, which is about the only benefit to the job. However it’s a rather hollow benefit, as the day passing by faster just means you have to work that much sooner the next day. You and Ian wave goodbye to each other at five o’clock and you walk to your small one-bedroom apartment, reaching it by 5:30pm.
> A strange dream
You blink your eyes and look at your new surroundings. You’re alone in the middle of a classroom, a very familiar classroom. Glancing down you notice you’re sitting in a desk and that there’s a small ‘J’ carved into the bottom right of its surface. This is your desk. At least it was, some point in time many years ago. Bringing your attention back up you notice the class is now filled with other students, each sitting in their own desks frantically writing notes. You don’t recognize any of them, or rather you can’t since none of their faces are clear to you. A teacher stands at the front of the class by the blackboard, presumably lecturing, though you all you can hear are muffled words.

You idly glance around the room and notice something out of place. A girl stands in the doorway, with long blonde and pink hair, flowing down to just above her waist. You stare at her for a while, trying to remember who she might be. No one else in the class pays any attention to her, and like the rest of them, you can’t seem to make out her face. Suddenly, she turns around and runs down the hallway.

You stand up and walk out of the classroom, ignored completely by the rest of the class. As you enter the hallway, you look down the way you saw her ran, but see no one. Curious, you continue down the seemingly endless hallway trying to find her. Finally, you seem to reach the end, as a black metal door now blocks the path. Grasping the handle, you push it open. A bright light emits from the inside, blinding you and preventing you from seeing what’s beyond the door. Curiosity gaining the better of you, you close your eyes and step through the doorway.
> The other side
“Jacob, wake up it’s time for school!”

You hear a familiar voice yell to you, and you groggily wake up in response.

What a strange dream...

You try and remember the girl from your dream, but can’t figure out who she was. The classroom was probably from your high school, but as far as you can remember that girl was never in any of your classes. You shrug and proceed to get up. After all, high school was years ago, it wouldn’t be unusual for you to forget a few people in that time.

Once fully awake, the reality that you live alone dawns on you; there should be no one yelling for you to wake up. Then another thought occurs, you don’t go to school anymore either. Confused, you stand up and walk over to your dresser, which seems different from usual. Opening your drawers you notice your clothes seem different as well. Now even more confused, you get dressed and exit your room to find some answers. Outside your door you find your younger sister standing in front of you, in the uniform that she wore during high school. That is to say, while she has the same face, green eyes, and short brown hair as your sister, she looks considerably younger than she should.

“Mom says wake up.” She states quietly, then turns to walk away.

“Um, Tina?” you say, trying to confirm it’s her.

“Hm?”, she replies softly, turning towards you.

“Ah, um, never mind. I’m up.”

She nods and walks away. You return to your room and look for your backpack, the one you remember using in high school. Sure enough you find it, right beside your dresser. You open it and grab one of your notebooks, hoping to confirm what you think has happened. You turn to the last note in the book and look at the date:

April 24th, 2008

You walk to your bed and sit down, trying accept what has happened. Yesterday was April 23th, but the year was 2018. Ten years ago you were 18 and in your last year of high school. The fact that your sister was in her private high school uniform confirms this, since she was in her first year of high school when you were in your last. Your thought process is interrupted by the familiar yell of your mother.

“Jacob, hurry up! You’re going to be late!”

There’s no point in thinking over this any longer. You quickly grab your bag and head down the stairs to the front door.

"Remember, you need wake up early on Saturday to bring your sister to school, since I'll be working."

Your mother tells you, as she stands beside you watching you put on your shoes. You nod quickly in response, and although you’re tempted to hug her or say you’ve missed her, you put it off. The you in the past wouldn’t have done it, so you’re not going to do it either. After all, if this really is the past then doing something different could screw up the future in a major way.

You open the door and find Ian standing in front of you. Well, a younger version of him.

“It’s about time Jake, you goin' to school today or what?”
> Yes
“Yeah.”

You turn and wave goodbye to your mom, who waves in response, then quickly walk down your front porch to Ian. The two of you reach the sidewalk before you take a brief look back at the house.

Exactly as I remember it...

The walk to school is uneventful. Ian tells you some story involving his older brother but you don’t really pay attention. The thought that you’re ten years in the past is all you can think about.

“Hey.”

Ian pushes your shoulder once you reach the entrance of the school and the two of you stop. He has a concerned look on his face.

“You alright? You sick or something?”

He asks.

“Huh? No, I’m fine. Don’t worry about it.”

You walk ahead into the entrance of the school and Ian follows shortly after.
> You class
Although you roughly knew how to get to the school on your own, you have no idea what class you have. You follow Ian in hopes that you have the same first class together. Once at the classroom door Ian turns to you with a puzzled look.

“Aren’t you going to class?”

“Uh, yea...right...”

“You’re acting pretty weird today man.”

“Yea well...today’s a pretty weird day for me.”

Ian seems even more confused now, but decides to drop it and heads to his seat once he hears the warning bell. You walk down the hallway a little further before opening up your bag in hopes of finding some sort of clue telling you where you’re supposed to be. Inside you find various notebooks and textbooks, but nothing concerning your schedule. You sigh and notice the hallway is now completely empty.

The final bell which marks the start of class should be ringing any minute and you have no idea where you’re supposed to be. Unsure of what to do, you decide to sprint down the hallway and look for whatever seems familiar. Fortunately (or perhaps unfortunately) you find two room numbers across from each other which seem somewhat familiar: Room 134 and Room 135. You’ll have to guess which is the right room.
> You room 134
You quickly open the door to room 134, the final bell ringing almost as you enter. You managed to make it on time. At least you would have, had this actually been your 12th grade class. Inside you recognize the teacher as the one you had in your 11th grade history class. However, apart from her no one else looks familiar, so this isn’t your class. This is further confirmed when the teacher begins speaking to you.

“Why hello, Jacob. Did you miss me and my class so much you felt compelled to return?”

You grin, unable to withhold a sarcastic reply.

“Yes, yes I did. May I have a seat?”

The teacher smiles, amused you played along.

“Sadly no, you will have to return to your classroom.”

She then points you to the door. You shrug in response and walk across the hall to room 135, the correct room.
> You late for class
You enter room 135 a few moments after the bell rings, your attention quickly brought to the middle-aged man at the front of the room. He strokes his short beard while glaring at you.

"So, Jacob, I see you've arrived late."

He says in a angry tone. Luckily, and unfortunately, it seems like this is in fact your current class, which makes you late. The rest of the class joins him in staring at you as you awkwardly nod in response. You've never been particularly nervous in front of crowds, but you still dislike being the center of attention for a negative reason.

"I'm sure you understand this means you will have detention after school today."

He continues in a demeaning tone. Again you nod in response and quickly take a seat, trying to ignore the majority of the stares in the class.

"Now then class, reviewing what we learned yesterday..."

The teacher says, beginning his lecture as he turns to face the blackboard. You pay attention for the first few minutes, as a sort of apology for being late, but you quickly lose interest in the topic itself. If you really have gone back in time, then you already know all this anyway; at least that's the excuse you give yourself. You idly look around the room for anything that looks familiar as he drones on.

You sigh softly, thoroughly confused at your current situation and bored with this class. Eventually, you spot a girl in the corner of the room that you seem to recognize. Or, rather than recognize, you should say you feel like you know her, for some reason or another. No name comes to mind, nor any memories involving her, but for some reason you still think she's someone you know.

Long, black hair, with brown eyes, and a slim figure. What's most noticeable about her though, is her gothic outfit of all black, complete with a spiked dog collar, and black painted finger nails. Looking at her closer, you determine that her black hair is probably dyed, your guess being her originally hair colour is a light brown. You brood over how you may know her, and your predicament as a whole, until the class finally ends. As the goth girl leaves she seems to ignore you completely. Maybe you don't know her?
> You continue with your classes
The rest of the day goes rather smoothly, sort of. Eventually, your body seems to fill in the blanks as to where you're supposed to be going, and you manage to find the rest of your classes for the day without issue. Unfortunately, Ian wasn't in any of your classes, and you got lost during the lunch break, so you've spent the school day feeling incredibly awkward and alone.

Sadly, that's the least of your worries. You've also spent the majority, or rather the entirety, of the day pondering over your current predicament. If you really have gone back in time, there's a lot you can do to improve your future, probably. While that's the conclusion you've reached, you really have no idea where to start in order to "fix" your future. Sure being a stock-boy isn't a grand job, but what else can you actually do? What exactly is there to "fix"? Maybe you're just meant to live unhappily in the future. Maybe you should just enjoy your youth while you can, and accept your future.

Maybe you can't even change anything. If fate is real, then any attempt you make to actually change the future should result in, well, nothing happening and the future merely correcting itself. At least, that's what you think. Truthfully, you have no idea what may or may not happen if you attempt to change anything. In fact, you being in the past means you're bound to do something different at some point anyway.

Putting all that aside, even more questions come to mind, that you actually try to ignore. "Why" and "how" being the two most disturbing. Even if you can accept you've gone back in time and need to relive the last ten years, you have no idea why this happened, or how it could possibly be possible. Sinister answers are the ones that come to the front of your mind, the most prominent one being that you've somehow pissed off some supernatural being that has decided to make you loop through time forever, until you're driven insane.

You always were a pessimist. Although you try to shake it off as impossible, the idea of going back in time was also something you thought impossible up until recently, so you can't get rid of the idea completely. As the day ends, you walk to the front entrance of the school, mentally exhausted.
> You remember you have detention
Suddenly, as you reach the front entrance of the school, you remember you have detention. You sigh, not thrilled at the prospect of having to spend the next hour sitting in a class to make up for something you didn't even do intentionally. Ian approaches you from behind and then reaches your side, looking at your face as he does.

"We going?"

"Sorry, I was late for my first class. I got detention..."

He frowns, though he doesn't seem that shocked.

"Alright man, I told you to hurry there though."

"Yeah I know...Where is detention by the way?"

"Er, Room 225..."

Ian replies, confused that you don't seem to know something that obvious. He looks like he's about to address the issue, but you quickly thank him and head towards room 225, leaving him behind.

Sure enough, it's the correct room for detention. An older woman you don't recognize at all sits at the front of the room. She looks up from her book in time to give you a quick glance, then returns to reading. You put your bag at the side of the room and take a seat away from most of the other delinquents already in the room, not wanting to associate yourself with them. You're only here because you've gone back in time after all, you're not like them.

As the minutes pass, you find yourself looking around the room for anything of interest, and quickly spot something, or rather someone. The gothic girl from your first class is also in the room, staring out the window and paying no attention at all to the others in the class. She's only two chairs over from you, and with no one between you and everyone else in the class already occupied, you figure you can use this time to talk to her. If you actually want to that is. It is detention after all, so if you're caught you'd likely be punished.
> You try to talk to her
You decide to take the chance and go for it. The gnawing feelings inside of you that say you know her are too much to ignore, especially in this situation. You wait for a moment when the older woman at the front of the room seems engrossed in her book, and gracefully move over to the chair beside the gothic girl. With all the grace of a stampeding elephant that is. Not only do you turn over the desk your were previously sitting in, you manage to miss sitting in the other desk, and fall to the ground.

The class uproars in laughter before they are hastily shushed by the older woman at the front. You sheepishly smile and turn back your original chair to its original position, then sit in the one beside the goth girl. The woman at the front glares at you for what feels like eternity, before finally returning to her book. Meanwhile, the girl beside you is now turned towards you and glaring at you.

Mustering your courage, you finally speak, or rather whisper, to her.

"Hey, I'm Jacob."

You say, darting a quick glance at the front to make sure you did it without being caught. The girl continues silently starting at you for a moment before replying.

"Olivia."

"Hey, Olivia. So, this is a bit forward, but I could swear I know you from somewhere."

You say.

"Have we, like, met before or something?"

Olivia looks to the front of the room, then back to you and shrugs.

"If we had, I'd probably be offended you forgot about me."

She states with an apathetic tone. Though, if someone you knew had asked if they knew you, you'd certainly be offended they had forgotten as well.

"Well, nice to meet you then."

You say, extending your hand. She slowly extends her own hand and shakes yours.

"Yeah, I'm sure we'll get along like the bestest of friends."

Olivia says sarcastically. She then turns her attention back to the window, effectively ignoring you. Detention ends without too much else happening. You make your way back home afterwards, and along the way you try to retrace your steps from this morning. Although you go down a wrong alley or two, you eventually make it home. Of course, your mother is noticeably upset you are hours late from school.

"So Jacob. Mind explaining why you have come home at such at late hour?"

Your mother asks impatiently as you enter the house, two hours after you should have been home.

"I...err...sort of had detention."

You reply.

"What for?"

"I was late for my first class..."

Your mother seems annoyed, but doesn't push the matter too much further.

"Honestly Jacob, you won't ever succeed in life if you don't take things seriously. Even if you dislike school, being tardy is no excuse."

She says in a rather condescending manner. You nod your head in agreement and your mother shakes her head, then walks away. The rest of the day passes by with nothing of interest really happening. At the end of the day you go to sleep and wonder if you'll wake up back in the future.
> You waking Up
You wake up to a brand new day, and to a familiar sight. Sure enough, you're still in the past, in your old bedroom. You get up, get dressed, and make your way downstairs to eat some breakfast. There you find your sister, already ready for her school, eating a waffle. She looks up at you and you can tell she's a bit surprised to see you up already, but you ignore it and grab a poptart for yourself. As you munch on it, you can feel Tina's eyes staring at you.

"What?"

You ask, slightly annoyed. She visibly flinches at your question and quickly returns her gaze to her waffle. The two of you never really got along, before and after she entered high school, so this kind of interaction is normal. You finish your food and head out there door, just in time to see Ian walk up.

"Yo."

He says, giving you a short wave. You walk to the end of the walkway and join him in walking to school. Like last time, Ian goes on about another story involving his older brother. This time, once you reach school, you split up and find your class without issue.
> You class
You first class begins, but instead of teaching like normal, your teacher just stands at the front of the class beside the door.

"Today, a new student will be joining us".

He says. As he does the new student enters the room. You see a pretty girl with familiar long blonde and pink hair flowing down to just above her waist. A realization hits you as the teacher introduces her.

"This is Allison- Jacob, what are you doing?"

He asks annoyed, as you stand up and point to Allison with you mouth open. This is the girl you saw in your dream the other day. Her features are far more defined than they were in then, but this is unmistakably the same girl. She smiles at you, amused at your action, while the rest of the quietly giggles.

"I, um, her, ah never mind..."

You say, returning to your seat flustered. You find it rather doubtful that the teacher will care you saw her in your dream. Rather he, Allison and the rest of the class would no doubt find it creepy.

"Alright, Allison, please find a seat."

The teacher says, and Allison walks over to an empty seat at the back of the room, flashing you another smile as she passes you. A familiar feeling you've been getting all too often reoccurs. Do you know Allison?
> You lunch
Lunch time comes, and after finally escaping from your class, you find Allison on your way to the lunch room. She smiles again once she notices you, but rather than approach you, chooses to go outside. Instinctively you follow her out to the bench she is now sitting on.

"So..."

You begin, cautiously taking a seat beside her on the bench.

"I don't I know you, do I? I mean, it feels like we've met before."

You ask, recalling that you asked Olivia the same thing yesterday. Why does it seem like you know but can't remember so many people in this school?

"Hmmm. You could ask far more interesting questions than that."

She replies.

"Why I'm here, how I'm here, who I'm here for; all are far more interesting questions."

She says. You silently sit together, unable to come up with a proper response for her rather odd answer. Sensing that won't change soon, Allison sighs then speaks again.

"We just met now, correct? So it's safe to say it's our first meeting."

She says.

"If you believe in a linear concept of time that is."

Allison adds in a playful tone. You frown, having no idea what she's going on about. Her answer puts you a bit at ease though. You haven't met before, according to her, so maybe you're just imagining things. Maybe your dream of her wasn't really about her then. As you think she stands up and walks a few feet away from you.

"For the love long since lost, the old friend forgotten, the new one neglected, the sister he could never see, and the brother he could never be."

Allison says suddenly, bending forward and leaning in your direction.

"That's why I'm here."

She says smiling, she then quickly runs away before you have a chance to question her about her cryptic message.

Just who is that girl...

You wonder, shaking your head.
> You try to talk to Allison more
You chase Allison into the lunch room and grab her hand as you catch up, stopping her from running. She turns to you and gives an exaggerated sad expression.

"Well, ya caught me, now what?"

She asks. You look into her eyes for a minute, and decide to try something.

"You're lying."

You replying accusingly.

"I'm what now?"

"Lying. You know who I am. No one acts that friendly to someone they just met, and what you just said before sounds like it has some deeper meaning to it."

You say. Allison looks down to her hand, which you immediately let go of, then she glances around the room. Finally she sighs.

"You caught me. I know you. But the more important thing here, isn't what I know, but what you know. So, what do you know of me, Jacob?"

Allison replies, revealing that your guess was right. Unfortunately, you don't actually know anything about her. The closest you have to a memory of her is your dream, and even if she does actually know you, that'd be a rather odd thing to bring up. Then again, she seems like a rather odd person anyway.

"How do you know me?"

You ask, trying to ignore her question. She pouts and takes a step back.

"Beep beep, wrong answer. Should I take this to mean you don't know anything about me?"

She asks.
> You tell her about the dream
"That's not entirely true..."

You reply to her. Curious, she takes a step towards you.

"So, what do you know about me then?"

Allison asks.

"I, um, well, it was just a dream."

You begin.

"I saw you, at least I think it was you, in a hallway of the school. You ran and I chased you, and then..."

"And then?"

She asks.

"And nothing. The dream just ended after I chased you."

"Hmmmm..."

She replies, clearly thinking about what you just said.

"So, when was this dream?"

"Just the other day..."

You reply, leaving out the part that you actually dreamt it 8 years in the future. Allison appears to be thinking deeply again. Then she suddenly giggles.

"That's kind of creepy to be honest."

You almost grasp your chest in response to that critical hit of an insult. Sure enough, she finds it weird and creepy that you would have dreamt about her.

"Well, I suppose it's not that bad. Even creeps and geeks have their own appeal after all."

She continues, teasing you.

"Catch ya later."

Allison says, waving and walking away. You give her a short wave back and sigh, unhappy with the results of your conversation. Even so, you decide to hang out in the lunch room longer and have something to eat.
> You look for Ian
After a short search through the cafeteria, you find Ian sitting with a girl, with long black hair, brown eyes, and dressed in a goth outfit. Oddly enough, you recognize her as Olivia, the girl you were talking to in detention yesterday. Noticing you, Ian waves you over to their table.

"Hey man, this here is Olivia."

He says, motioning to Olivia.

"We're both in the chess club together it seems, so I figured I should hang out with her a bit to get to know her better."

Olivia looks at you with a mild expression of surprise while Ian speaks, before scoffing at his remark.

"I have a boyfriend you know."

She states, apparently thinking Ian had an ulterior motive.

"Ah, well of course you do. A cute girl like you is quite the catch."

Ian replies, although you can sense he didn't really expect her to have one. Olivia blushes slightly, but it's unnoticed by Ian.

"That's right, I had forgotten you were in the chess club Ian."

You say, finally sitting down.

"Yep, I'm the best damn chess-inator there is!"

He replies while puffing out his chest with an odd sense of pride. However you don't really doubt he's the best there, as he's always been incredibly smart. You gaze wanders to Olivia, who notices and speaks.

"Just cause I look this way doesn't mean I'm stupid. Girls can be smart too, you know."

She says harshly to you, apparently thinking you were judging her inability to play chess based on her goth outfit. You quickly shake your head in response.

"I, wait, I never said you couldn't."

You said defensively. She turns her head away from you, almost in disgust. Ian looks at the two of you confused.

"Am I missing something here? Do you two got some history or something?"

"No, of course not. We just met yesterday after all. Didn't we, Jacob?"

Olivia replies angrily, even more upset now.

"I need to go."

She announces, quickly standing from the table and walking away. The two of you watch as she leaves and Ian shrugs as you turn to him.

"Girls man. Confusing as hell, right?"

He says before taking a drink of his milk in front of him. You nod, but can't help but think there was something more to what Olivia said.
> The next morning
The rest of the day goes by without much else happening. Neither Allison nor Olivia are in any of your other classes, and you don't seem to run into either of them. You walk home with Ian, and spend the rest of the day lounging around your home. You're beginning to feel like you've fallen into your old routine from back in the day.

The next morning, Ian arrives at your door, as per usual, except this time he doesn't seem to have his backpack.

"Yo, Jacob."

He says while standing at the end of your walkway.

"Hey Ian, where's your backpack?"

You ask while walking towards him, a bit confused.

"Ah, well about that, I was thinking we'd do something a little more interesting than school today."

He replies.

"Such as?"

"Well...you'll see when we get there."

He says with a bit of a laugh.

"It'll be fun man, just hide your bag somewhere first, we won't need it for where we're going."

He adds. If you remember right, skipping school so haphazardly wasn't something Ian often suggested. In fact, if you recall correctly, you were usually the one suggesting it and he was the one rejecting the idea. This makes you really wonder what he has in mind for the day. You stand there and consider if you really want to go or not. After all, if you go you'd be missing school, and you guess that would also mean you miss a chance to see Olivia or Allison.

"You won't give any hints about what we're gonna do?"

You ask, hopeful.

"Not a single one."

Ian replies smiling.
> You go with Ian
"Alright fine, I'll come with you."

You reply somewhat grudgingly, trying to mask your interest. Fortunately, your mother had already left for work, taking your sister with her, so you easily return your bag to your closet without being caught. During the walk to the unknown destination, you and Ian converse.

"So, now that I've agreed, care to let me in on where we're headed?"

You ask.

"You'll see when we get there."

He replies with a smile. You glare at him, annoyed that he refuses to tell you, but continue to walk along with him. After a short walk he stops in front of what looks to be an abandoned warehouse. You glance at him then to the building.

"Seriously? This is it?"

You ask, clearly disappointed. A worn down and dangerous building isn't exactly your idea of fun, and it doesn't really fit Ian's either.

"You'll change your mind about it once we're inside."

He says, leading the way. You follow him into it, although you're rather doubtful your opinion will change. Sure enough, once you follow him through the main door, all you see is a large run-down warehouse, exactly like you expected.

"Come on, what are we even doing here Ian?"

You ask, suddenly feeling a bit uneasy about the situation.

"Don't worry man, just a little further."

He says, leading you through the large room and into a side-room. In the side room, which appears to have previously been an office of some sort, you see signs that it was recently used. In fact the furniture inside seems rather new, and there's even a mini-fridge at the side, plugged into a battery pack. Ian hops onto a large, comfortable looking couch, and then smiles.

"Welcome to the wolves."
> The wolves
"The what?"

You ask, thoroughly confused. You don't remember anything like this happening in the past. Maybe your decisions have been different from before, leading you to a different outcome. The possibilities run through your mind before Ian snaps you out of it.

"The Wolves man. Our gang. Well, you're not really in them yet, but I'm sure my brother won't have a problem with it."

Ian says, standing up and opening the mini-fridge, pulling out a beer.

"Want one?"

He asks casually. You don't really care that he's drinking while under aged, but this isn't how you remember Ian acting.

"No..."

You reply slowly.

"Actually, what the hell is going on? Since when have you been in a gang?"

You ask demanding an answer. Ian doesn't seem too put off by your response. It's almost as though he expected it.

"Ah well, I've been telling you about this club for the last few days. I mean I never said it was a gang or anything, but it shouldn't come as that much of a surprise."

He replies.  That's when it hits you. The stories he was saying involving his brother that you largely ignored were about the gang he was in. Most likely he was trying to talk it up a bit before bringing you here. Still, Ian has a great future ahead of him, so he really has no need to be in a gang.

"So, you in man?"

He asks, with a bit of hesitance.
> You protest him being in the gang
"No."

You reply bluntly.

"And you shouldn't be in it either man. The hell is wrong with you?"

You say, your voice getting louder. Ian at this points backs away a step, and seems a bit afraid.

"You're fucking smart man. Why the hell would you throw that away by being in a gang? You won't -"

You yell, then you suddenly stop. 'You won't go anywhere in life', is what you were about to say, but then it dawns on you that that is exactly what happens. He joins you, doing nothing with his life, as a stock boy. Your anger subsides, and your breathing normalizes, but Ian still keeps his distance.

"I...I'm sorry."

You say in a dejected tone, apologizing. You contemplate saying more, but decide against it. Slowly, you open the office door and exit the room.

"I'll see you later."

You say. Ian doesn't say anything in return, nor does he try to stop you. You leave the abandoned warehouse and wander around town for the rest of the day, wondering what you can do to help Ian.

Along the way you run into a group of girls, wearing a uniform you recognize as the one from the school your sister goes to. They laugh obnoxiously and talk about some other girl in their class. You sigh loudly, annoyed by their interruption of your thought process, but continue walking rather than confront them.

By the end of the day, you return home, hungry and without any real solution to how to help Ian. You've concluded that there's nothing you can really do to talk him out of being in the gang. Although you think you probably should have asked him why he's in it before leaving. You eat dinner and go to bed, your mom and sister blissfully ignorant of your day out. You glance at your alarm clock before dozing off, happy that tomorrow is Saturday.
> You sleep in
You happily decide to sleep in, it's Saturday after all. You do the same as all teenagers in high school do, sleep as much as possible.

Or rather, you would have spent it sleeping, had you not been rudely awoken at about two by someone knocking on your front door. You groan as you exit your bed and move downstairs to answer the door.

"What?"

You ask angrily as you open it, only to find Allison happily standing in front of you. She smiles as you open the door.

"Why hello there, Jacob, or should I say good morning?"

She says cheekily. You open your mouth to retort, but she interrupts you.

"Anyway, I've been out here for a while, so can I come it?"

She continues, you go to reply, but she again interrupts you.

"What do you mean no? Would you really leave a cute girl outside in the cold?"

You stand silently and glare at her as she attempts to make a cute pose.

"...Done?"

"Yep!"
> You say "Good, I'm closing the door"
"Good, I'm closing the door."

You reply, shutting it immediately in her face. You hear a cry of protest from the other side, and some more banging on the door. Happy with your revenge, you open it again to find her standing there pouting. You smile in response.

"Done?"

You ask. She nods in response.

"Good."

You reply, shutting the door yet again in her face and laughing.

"Just let me in already, Jacob!"

You hear her yell from the other side. You comply and smirk once you see her pouting face again.

"Well, what you waiting for? Come in!"

You say, feigning ignorance and opening the door wider, letting her in. Though it suddenly dawns on you that yourself and a high schooler are about to be alone in your house. You quickly shake off some of the thoughts that come to mind and shut the door once she enters, escorting her into the living room.

"So, what'd you want?"

You ask. She places her hand to her mouth and does an 'eh-hem', before replying.

"I came to invite you somewhere."

Allison replies. You wait for a moment for her to explain further, but get no such response. You're getting quite a few of these invitations to mysterious places lately.

"And where would that be?"

"Does it matter? You'll be there with me!"

She answers, smiling. For someone you just met the other day, she sure is acting awfully close to you.

"Alright, when did you want to go then?"

Allison looks at the nearby clock, seems to nod approvingly, then looks back to you.

"Right now."
> You agree to go with her
"Alright, I'll go with you."

You reply. Allison does a triumphant fist pump to the air and smiles.

"Great, well then let's go!"

She says, standing up and leaving your house. You follower her obediently for about 10 minutes through the streets of your town before you reach your final destination - a park. She sits on a nearby bench and motions for you to follow.

"So, what was the point of coming here?"

You ask as you sit beside her. Allison gives a soft shrug in response.

"No real reason."

She answers as she kicks her legs back and forth. You sigh and turn your attention to the park, which while not full of people, still has a few pairs of children and parents playing. Allison makes small talk with you for a bit, about how she used to live in this area, and was fond of this park. You in turn tell her a few random facts about yourself, nothing really interesting. The mood slowly goes from being a light-hearted conversation into awkward silence. Then Allison sighs.

"I can't take this anymore..."

She says, and then she promptly grabs your shoulders and pushes herself into your chest. You freeze, her sudden show of affection catching you completely off guard.

"I, um, Allison?"

You manage say, incredibly conscious of the fact that her blonde and pink hair is brushing up against your face, and that you can feel her breathing on you.

"Shut up...you're so stupid..."

She mumbles into you as she clenches your shoulders.

"Why can't you figure it out already..."

You don't respond. You can figure by what she's doing now that she probably has a crush on you. You still have no clue how she knows you, however you can guess that the past you just didn't notice her. Thinking back, the you of the past was pretty oblivious to the things going on around him. You quietly curse your past self for not noticing this cute girl earlier. Then reality kicks in, and you remember that you're in a park with other people, being held by a girl a decade younger than you. Your moral center kicks in shortly after, and you force yourself to gentle push her away from you. Even if you're technically the same age now, something just doesn't feel right. Surprisingly, Allison doesn't protest at all.

"I'm sorry..."

You say, unable to say anything else.

"Don't worry, I understand how you're feeling."

She says softly with a forced smile.

"That was pretty rude and selfish of me, sorry..."

She continues, standing up.

"I should have thought about how you felt too."

Allison finishes. Before you have a chance to properly respond, she dashes out of the park. You sit there for a few minutes in silence. You hadn't thought that going back into the past would have revealed something like a past crush that you hadn't noticed. It depresses you, but eventually you pick yourself up and head home.
> You sunday
You wake up the next morning to the sound of your mother calling for you, saying something about a phone. You slowly manage to wake yourself up and get dressed, only to have your mom scold you when you finally get downstairs.

"Honestly Jacob, it's noon now, it shouldn't take you this long to wake up on a Sunday."

She says.

"You won't be successful in life if you spend all your time sleeping."

You nod your head, still somewhat asleep in response. You can't really disagree with her, given she's right about not being successful in life, though you rather doubt it's because you tend to sleep in. After she finishes scolding you she explains that Ian called and that you need to call him back, so you take the phone and return his call.

"Hm? Why did I call?"

Ian asks after you call him.

"I'm bored, so I wanted to hang out. You busy?"

He continues. You tell him you're not so he says he'll be over in a minute and hangs up. About twenty minutes later he comes over, and the two of you spend the afternoon together at your house. You reminisce about the times when you and Ian used to do these kinds of things. For you, high school was probably the high-light of your life, as after that you accomplished nothing but working in a dead end job. Sure it could have been worse, but you still wonder about what could have been. Eventually Ian asks you a question you didn't expect.

"So, who you goin' to the fair with?"

He asks. You frown and tilt your head slightly, indicating you really have no idea what he's talking about.

"The annual fair? You know, the thing that comes here ever year? It's opening up next weekend."

You think back and try to remember what Ian is talking about. You're pretty sure you remember a fair happening, or rather it'd be stranger if a fair hadn't happened.

"Ah yeah, that fair."

You reply, vaguely remembering it.

"Yep, that fair. So who you goin' with?"

You haven't asked anyone yet, but you should at least tell Ian your intentions.
> You you're not going
Thinking it over, you decide you don't really want to go to this fair.

"I'm not going."

You reply. Ian gets visibly upset.

"What the hell, man? You say that every year."

He says. You shrug in response.

"Just doesn't seem like it would be fun, no big deal. Who are you going with?"

You ask, trying to move the conversation away from you.

"I haven't made plans yet...I think I'll ask Olivia to go with me though."

Ian says, with hint of nervousness.

"Doesn't she have a boyfriend?"

"Who cares? I'm not asking her to date, I'm just seeing if she wants to go to the fair with me."

He retorts. Ian's intentions here are obvious, but he's really trying to deny them. You weren't aware he was into Olivia though. Thinking back it kind of makes sense, they're both on the chess team, and he even introduced her to you.

"Anyway, she might say no, but you never know."

He finishes. You give a short nod, and the conversation ends. The two of you carry on talking and hanging out until the night comes, and Ian leaves.
> The next morning
The next morning comes and you head out to school with Ian like normal. The day passes and nothing of interest happens at all. You're not surprised or disappointed by this. Thinking back, this was the way you had always lived, simply going through life day after day, doing as little as possible. With no real ambition, you're likely to end up right back at the grocery store after you graduate. Maybe fate really is preventing you from changing your ways, or maybe you're just afraid of what might happen if you pursue something you actually want. If you're just going to fail and get disappointed anyway, then what's the point of trying to change, right?

At least, that's what you think.

You become content with falling back into your high school routine. Weeks pass, and the thought that you're a decade in the past is all but a distant memory. That's fine though. This is what was supposed to happen; the way it's meant to be. It's because of fate, so it's not your fault that you were unsuccessful in changing anything.

At least, that's what you tell yourself.
> You retry
The sound of your alarm clock wakes you and you groggily switch it off. You go through your normal morning routine and grudgingly head off to your job. As always, you arrive at work on time and walk straight into the back room to put on your uniform. Once there you notice your best friend, Ian, is already dressed and preparing to begin.

“Hey Jake.”

“Hey Ian, ready for another exciting day?” You ask sarcastically.

“Oh yea, working here has been highlight of my entire life.” He replies with equal sarcasm, “I hope I never quit.”

“Ah yes, stocking food has always been a dream of yours hasn’t it?”

“A lifelong-dream. Now if you’ll excuse me, it’s time to live that dream.”

He grabs a small nearby crate and rolls it into the main area of the store. You never thought he would end up as a stock boy in a grocery store. Then again, you thought both of you had bright futures. Although you were never really motivated to do anything, Ian was and certainly should have succeeded. You sigh and change into your uniform; this is your life and there’s no point in brooding over what could have been.

The day goes by relatively quickly, which is about the only benefit to the job. However it’s a rather hollow benefit, as the day passing by faster just means you have to work that much sooner the next day. You and Ian wave goodbye to each other at five o’clock and you walk to your small one-bedroom apartment, reaching it by 5:30pm.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up the next morning to the sound of your mother calling for you, saying something about a phone. You slowly manage to wake yourself up and get dressed, only to have your mom scold you when you finally get downstairs.

"Honestly Jacob, it's noon now, it shouldn't take you this long to wake up on a Sunday."

She says.

"You won't be successful in life if you spend all your time sleeping."

You nod your head, still somewhat asleep in response. You can't really disagree with her, given she's right about not being successful in life, though you rather doubt it's because you tend to sleep in. After she finishes scolding you she explains that Ian called and that you need to call him back, so you take the phone and return his call.

"Hm? Why did I call?"

Ian asks after you call him.

"I'm bored, so I wanted to hang out. You busy?"

He continues. You tell him you're not so he says he'll be over in a minute and hangs up. About twenty minutes later he comes over, and the two of you spend the afternoon together at your house. You reminisce about the times when you and Ian used to do these kinds of things. For you, high school was probably the high-light of your life, as after that you accomplished nothing but working in a dead end job. Sure it could have been worse, but you still wonder about what could have been. Eventually Ian asks you a question you didn't expect.

"So, who you goin' to the fair with?"

He asks. You frown and tilt your head slightly, indicating you really have no idea what he's talking about.

"The annual fair? You know, the thing that comes here ever year? It's opening up next weekend."

You think back and try to remember what Ian is talking about. You're pretty sure you remember a fair happening, or rather it'd be stranger if a fair hadn't happened.

"Ah yeah, that fair."

You reply, vaguely remembering it.

"Yep, that fair. So who you goin' with?"

You haven't asked anyone yet, but you should at least tell Ian your intentions.
> You you're going with Allison
"I think I'm gonna go with Allison."

You respond. The mysterious girl has been on your mind quite a bit lately, and you still don't know a lot about her. The fair would be a great time to get to know her, especially given she basically just confessed she loved you the other day at the park. There's no way she should feel that strongly about you after such a short time.

"Allison? Oh, the new girl in our class? I didn't know you guys were talking."

He says, mildly shocked.

"Yeah, I've been talking with her this past week."

"Hmm...well good luck man."

Ian says.

"So, who are you goin' with?"

You ask, turning the subject onto him.

"Me? Hm...I was gonna ask Olivia."

"Olivia? Really?"

You say surprised. Though, thinking back it shouldn't be too surprising. He did introduce you to her, and she is in the chess club with him.

"Really."

He replies.

"Even though she has a boyfriend?"

"Ah well, I'll deal with that when it's brought up."

Ian says, laughing. You laugh with him and the conversation turns back to mundane things. The day passes and eventually Ian returns to his home.
> Monday Morning
As per usual, you and Ian walk to school together in the morning. He talks about his older brother, but by now you've learned to just zone out while he's doing so. You have far more important things to think about anyway, such as how you're actually going to get Allison to go to the fair with you.

No, that's probably the wrong way of looking at it. The real hard part will be dealing with her being in love with you. Or having a crush on you. Or just really being into you. Truthfully you're not really sure which it is, but you'll need to settle that matter regardless. You do find Allison attractive, a thought that causes great conflicts within you, but you'd feel like you're taking advantage of her if you pursued her that way.

Thinking about it further, you realize you still have no idea what her relation to you is either. After all, she clearly knew you before you met in class. The way she spoke to you and her avoidance of key questions made that clear, not to mention there's no way she'd feel strongly about you if you just met.

You sigh as you enter the school, your thoughts becoming muddled. No matter which you decide to confront her on, the first step is to actually find and talk to her. A step greatly hindered by the fact that she isn't in your class when you enter. Confused, you approach the teacher.

"Ah..."

You say, remembering you still have no idea what his name is.

"Um, is Allison sick or something?"

You ask, pressing forward anyway. The teacher thinks for a moment then shakes his head.

"She hasn't called the school. It's odd, she transferred in near the end of the year, and she has skipped most of the lessons..."

He replies pondering. The answer isn't exactly what you were expecting or what you wanted to hear, but you thank him anyway and head to your seat. The first period ends quickly, and you're left wondering how you should proceed with this situation.
> You continue with classes like normal
Realizing you have no idea where she could be anyway, you decide to just continue with your classes like normal. Allison has to return to school sometime, so you can just speak with her then.

Sure enough, in time for the start of your next class, Allison shows up. You don't really have a chance to speak with her during the class, but you can tell she seems pretty down. Not wanting to risk her leaving again before you get the chance to ask, you decide to slip her a note asking her to go to the fair with you. You can't think of a way to solve the other issues, so you'll just deal with them later.

You raise your hand to leave for the bathroom, and on your way out you pass by Allison's desk, dropping the note as you do. Out of the corner of your eye as you leave, you notice her open it. When the class ends, you approach her.

"So uh....do you have an answer?"

You ask nervously. This whole scenario seems rather odd, but you can't help but feel like a high school boy asking out a girl. Allison gives you a short look and a nod. It seems like she's still upset over something though.

"You okay Allison?"

You ask concerned. She nods again.

"I'm just thinking about some things, I'll be fine in a bit."

She replies in a low voice, walking away. You frown, but can't think of anything else to say, so you leave it at that.
> You after School
School ends and you met Ian as per usual at the front of school, however today you have something different in mind.

"Hey, Ian, I'll catch you later, I'm going to go with Allison."

You tell him, spotting her down the hallway. Ian nods and leaves without you, and you head towards Allison. She smiles as she sees you, apparently back to her normal self.

"Why hello there Jacob! Why haven't you left for your house yet?"

She asks.

"Well, I was waiting for you of course. Care to walk with me?"

You reply, gesturing for her to follow. Allison takes the hint and walks besides you.

"Hmm, and where might you be taking me?"

She asks with a coy smile.

"It's a secret."

You reply smiling, mimicking how she acted to you on Saturday. Rather than demand any further answers, she just continues smiling.

"I see. Well, lead on."

And with that, the two of you exit the school grounds. Just like on Saturday, the two of you end up at the park Allison brought you to. While you succeeded in asking her to the fair, you've been pondering the rest of the day as to how you should solve the other issues with her. You're curious as to how she knows you, but you also want to know how she really feels. It's possible you just misunderstood her the other day, so you need to clarify. As the two of you enter the oddly deserted park, you go to speak, but are stopped by her placing her index finger against your mouth. The intimacy of the sudden act immediately pacifies you, and you're left awkwardly staring into Allison's eyes.

"One question. I'll answer one question, regardless of what it is, as honestly as I can."

She says in a serious tone, removing her finger from your lips.

"But after that I make no promises, hehe."

She finishes. Allison seems to have read your mind and intentions here, so rather than tempt fate, you give in and ask her one question.
> You how do you feel about you\?
"Then....how do you feel about me?"

You ask nervously.

"That's easy. I love you, Jacob."

Allison shamelessly confesses with a smirk. Your heart practically skips a beat as you hear the words leave her lips. It's just as you thought, Allison really does love you. But how? She barely knows you, right?"

"W....why? How can you lo...love me when we barely know each other."

You say stuttering. You shouldn't be this nervous in front of her, after all it's not like you'll actually act on her feelings towards you. You're a decade older than her after all, it just wouldn't feel right. Even so, you've never had a girl in love with you. You can't even put into words how you feel right now. Allison makes a cute pose and crosses her arms.

"Beep beep. Nope, you only get one question!"

She says triumphantly.

"Besides Jacob, a cute girl just confessed her love for you. Shouldn't you be saying something in return?"

Allison says accusingly. You take a step back in confusion. She's obviously talking about saying you love her back, but can you really say such a thing? You'll admit she's cute, and you do find her personality to be fun, but are you really sure if you love her or not? It's not something you ever considered before.

You shake you're head. There's no way you can say such a thing so soon, even if it was true you've only know Allison for a week.

"Thank you."

You say. Allison pouts in response, but doesn't seem surprised.

"You would say something like that. Just admit you like me!"

"Well, I do like you. I can't say anything beyond that though..."

You reply earnestly.

"I really should be used to you doing this to me by now."

She says with a sigh.

"Oh well. That's your one question. I need to go now, see you later Jacob."

She says, leaving you alone in the park with a wave. You wave back and let her leave, realizing you won't be able to stop her.

"I love you, Jacob."

Allison's words echo in your head as you watch her go. If someone had asked you what you would expect if you had gone back in time while you were in the future, a girl you never met confessing her love to you would have never come to your mind.
> You tuesday
The next day Allison appears to be missing again. You're still not sure why she's keeps disappearing like this, but after yesterday you're satisfied enough to not look for her. You got her to agree to go to the fair with you, and to answer one of the questions you were dying to ask, so you'll just be patient and wait for her to return. Although you think that, you're still hopefully she'll show up during the day.

However she never shows. Classes pass and the school day ends, and Allison is still nowhere to be seen.

"Hey Jacob, something wrong?"

Ian asks as the two of you prepare to leave the school. Ian's pretty good at reading you, so he probably knows something has been on your mind all day.

"Yeah, I'm really curious as to where Allison is."

You reply absentmindedly.

"Ah yeah, the new girl who keeps skipping school. You asked her to the fair already right?"

"Yeah, she said yes."

"Great man, so you ready for the fair?"

"What do you mean ready?"

The two of you reach the other perimeter of the school and Ian stops.

"Ready, as in you planned what you're going to do with her..."

He says, as though it's a really obvious fact you should already be aware of. You had been so focused on getting her there and your other issues, that you had forgotten what you'd actually do."

"Shit...."

You say. You then look to Ian.

"What are you going to do then? You asked Olivia to go right? Did she say yes?"

You ask. Ian frowns and sighs.

"Sort of. I asked her but she's pretty keen on saying she has a boyfriend. Apparently she's not even going to go with him anyway."

He complains. You nod sympathetically, and your mind wanders to thinking about what you should do with Allison when the fair comes while Ian speaks.
> You wednesday
The next day comes and you haven't been able to come up with much of a plan for what to do with Allison. From what you can remember about the fair, it was a rather small one, and was mainly comprised of the typical carnival games that no one can ever win. You think there was a Ferris wheel, at least there should be one, and a few other rides. Apart from the Ferris wheel though, there isn't anything romantic there.

You shake your head at the thought and bring your attention back to class. The teacher is going on about something to do with your futures, which you quickly lose interest in, causing your attention to drift back to Allison and the fair. You're still feeling guilty about it all for some odd reason, but you asked her to the fair, which you can assume to implicitly mean she does like you. Well, actually you already know she likes you, you're just not sure how far you should take that. Your plan had been to take her to all the romantic rides, since you figured that's what you're supposed to do, but you're quickly realizing your situation isn't so typical.

Halfway through the day, Allison finally arrives at the school. You're relieved to see that she's fine, but feeling somewhat anxious seeing her again.

"Hey Jacob! Did I miss anything important?"

Allison asks as she joins you and Ian in the cafeteria.

"Nope, nothing at all."

You reply. She smiles and sits beside you, with Ian smirking in a chair across from the two of you.

"Ah, look at the time. Sorry Jacob, I'll leave you with the new girl, I gotta go find Olivia."

Ian announces, standing up. Obviously he intends to have you and Allison spend some time alone, which you internally thank him for.

"Seeya, new girl."

Ian says waving to Allison, to which she politely waves back. She then turns and looks at you.

"So...."

You begin awkwardly.

"Where were you yesterday?"

You ask. Allison averts her gaze.

"No where special. Just didn't feel like coming to school."

She replies.

"More importantly, how are things with you?"

She asks. You shrug.

"Fine. You're ready for the fair this weekend right?"

You ask. Allison frowns, apparently unhappy with that reply.

"Really? Nothing new or unexpected happened to you?"

"Not in particular, no."

You reply with a straight face. Apart from the fair and Allison, nothing new or important has been happening to you since you went back in time. Well, apart from you actually going back in time, but you don't intend on telling her that. You hear Allison mutter something under her breath in an annoyed tone, before she speaks again.

"I see. That's a shame, new and exciting things happening is what makes life good."

She says.

"I suppose. We can count the fair as one of those things though, right?"

You reply hopeful. Allison sighs, then smiles.

"Yes, I suppose we can. I do love those carnival games after all."

The two of you finishing eating and return to class. You continue attempting to plan your day at the fair with Allison throughout the afternoon, and by the end of school you think you have a pretty good idea of what to do.
> You saturday
The rest of the school week passes, and Saturday finally arrives. By now you've made lots of small talk with Allison, finding out what foods she likes, and what rides she prefers. The only thing left to do is to actually go with her. You've arranged to meet at the fair grounds at about 3pm. Before leaving for the fair, you swing by Ian's place to see what he's up to. Unfortunately, upon arriving you find that no one is home, which you find rather confusing. Even if Ian had already left, his brother, or anyone else, should have been home. After a quick scout around his house, you confirm that no one is home, and make your way to the fair alone.

You had wanted to hang around Ian and his date to make things less awkward with Allison, but it looks like you'll have no such luck. You arrive at the spot in the fair you agreed to meet Allison at a good ten minutes earlier, enough time to give you a second to take in the experience.

You haven't been to the fair before, so the first thing you notice is the overbearing lights and sounds. You'd be surprised if any sort of meaningful conversation could be had between the two of you in this environment. The carnival games create a path through the fairgrounds, and surrounding that straight path lie all of the various rides, along with some food booths. You hear the loud clanging of metal all around you, when suddenly you feel a tug on your shirt.

Allison stands behind you, wearing a cute outfit you didn't expect her to wear. You really don't like thinking about her that way, but the way she's acting is forcing your mind in that direction. Then again, the fact that you took her to the fair on a date means you had accepted that you liked her, so you might as well make the best of it. Now that she's here, she looks at you expectantly, and you tell her where you plan to take her first.
> You eat some food
"Let's go eat some food."

You tell Allison.

Allison gives you a strange look. "It's a bit earlier for food don't you think?" She says skeptically. You shrug and lead her to the food area anyway.

The food from the fair is exactly as you would have expected it to be. It's expensive, high in fat and sugars, and wildly mediocre in taste at best. However the two of you manage to enjoy some nachos together, and afterwards some cotton candy. During the week Allison had told you that she loved cotton candy, so you made sure to get some for the two of you. You had separate ones of course, but it made you happy to see her happy.

Come to think of it, when was the last time you felt this way? After high school you had simply followed Ian into the supermarket, a decision that didn't have much thought or effort behind it. Then again, you never had the ambition to do anything anyway, so you were content. At least, you thought you were.

"This is sooo good!"

Allison practically squeals in delight while eating her cotton candy.

"Here!"

She says, stuffing some of her partly eaten cotton candy into your mouth. Embarrassed, you eat it, to which she smirks.

"Is this really the kind of thing you should get embarrassed about, Jacob?"

Allison asks playfully, but your mind is elsewhere. This whole experience for you is so confusing. How can you be so infatuated with someone you just met? Somehow it feels like you've known Allison for so much longer. The two of you finishing eating and go on to the next activity.
> You go on the rides
"Let's go on the rides."

You tell Allison

Allison looks you up and down before shrugging. "I would have preferred to go on them later, but alright."

She replies.

The two of you start off with the bumper cars, where Allison proceeds to repeatedly ram you against the wall with her car, much to your dismay and her pleasure. Next you play around in the hall of mirrors, then you go to the haunted house. It's at this point Allison questions whether or not you'd consider these rides or attractions, but you insist they count. After that, you decide to take her to a 'real' ride, the roller coaster that they have.

The roller coaster turns out to be a success, and after it you take her to some spinning cups, spinning cages, and finally, the Ferris wheel. From the start the Ferris wheel had been the only ride you really wanted to take her on, admittedly with an ulterior motive.

The two of you reach the top of the Ferris wheel and it stops. You gaze at the view. While it doesn't go that high, and there's nothing particular unique about the scenery in your town, there's something peaceful about seeing it from up here. You turn to Allison, who sighs as she too gazes into the distance.

"Hey, Jacob?"

She begins.

"What do you think about me?"

She asks. With her eyes looking elsewhere, she doesn't see you immediately dart your eyes away from her. You had come up here hoping for some sort of romantic scenario to unfold, but her tone and eyes seem distant and sad. Like she's trying to reaffirm something rather, than ask you for real.

"I like you, of course."

You manage to reply. You don't quite have the courage to say you love her as it stands, but you can at least say this much. She turns to you and smiles.

"Yeah....I know...."

Allison replies in almost a whisper.

"Thanks, I just needed to hear that. Sorry to make you uncomfortable."

She says in a more normal tone. You can't stand to see her looking so depressed, so you quickly reply.

"Don't be. I'm having fun."

You say with a smile. She smiles back, and the ride continues. After exiting the Ferris wheel, you decide on where you want to head to next.
> You play some of the carnival games
"Let's go win some prizes at the games."

You tell Allison. She smiles and nods her head.

"Yes! I love these games! You'll win me something right?"

She asks, leaning into you.

"Well, I'm not very good at them, so I can't promise anything."

You reply, weary of her closeness.

"That's no good Jacob. When a girl tells you to get something for her, you should just do it!"

Allison proclaims in a bossy tone.

"I don't think that's the way relationships work...."

You reply skeptically.

"Probably not, but it's how ours does, hehe."

She says with a cheeky grin.

"Well like I said, I'm not good at them, but I'll try."

"Great, trying is all I ask of you."

"So you won't be disappointed when I lose?"

"But you won't lose."

"I'm telling you I'm n-"

You begin to retort, but Allison holds up her hand.

"Try before deciding if you'll fail or not."

She says calmly. You're slightly put off by her change in tone, but nod and agree to try.

Much to your surprise, you actually turn out to be pretty good at carnival games, winning a few prizes for yourself and Allison. Allison has a big "I told you so" smile the whole time, but you don't mind. After winning enough prizes to satisfy Allison, you decide on where you want to go to next.
> You end of the fair
After the fair, you and Allison make your way to a bench just outside of the fairgrounds. According to Allison, this bench is the best viewpoint for the fireworks they're having. You weren't aware they were even having fireworks, so you just agreed with her to view them from here. The cold air getting at the her, Allison moves closer to you and rests her head on your shoulders.

At this point, you think it's all but official the two of you are dating now. All you'd need to do now is lean down and kiss her, but you put it off for now. Whether it's fear, or nervousness, or something else, something inside of you is saying not to right now. Your feelings seem to be somewhat conflicted on the manner still.

Allison shifts her weight and nudges in closer to you, causing you to unconsciously put your arm around her. She looks up at you and smiles, and you turn your head and blush. She really is cute, is all you can think about at this moment. Her long blonde and pink stripped hair flows down into her lap, and her bright blue eyes seem to shine even on this poorly lit bench. If she was just cute you could probably deal with ignoring her, but she seems to understand you perfectly, something you never thought could happen.

Suddenly, the fireworks start, interrupting your internal conflict. You hadn't even noticed, but by now others have all gathered around the two of you to watch the fireworks. Luckily, you and Allison still have space between you and them, but you're suddenly really self-conscious that you're holding her in your arms. The bright lights and loud sounds of the fireworks seem to memorize the crowd for the few brief minutes they burst in the sky. Then, as quickly as they started, the fireworks end, and the crowd begins to disperse around you.

As they do, Allison grips a hold of your hand that's currently around her, and looks into your eyes.

"Hey, Jacob?"

"H...Hm?"

"This is okay, right?"

"What is?"

"The two of us, together. It's okay....right?"

Allison asks, as if she's pleading for you to answer for her. You're not sure if she's also conflicted, or if she just notices you are, but you need to answer her, to make a decision.
> You say "No, it's not right"
No, this just doesn't feel right. For some reason, you come to the conclusion that you just shouldn't be with Allison. You practically grimace in pain as you slowly move your arm away from her, and gently slide down the bench.

"No....it's not right. I'm sorry Allison."

You reply as you look to the side, unable to face her properly. There's a brief moment of silence between you, before Allison speaks.

"You're probably right. I need to stop this...."

She says softly.

"I keep getting side-tracked into my own delusions, and I keep doing all these selfish things..."

She continues. You look at her and notice she's now sitting with her legs on the bench and her arms wrapped around them.

"I'm sorry I keep dragging you into this, Jacob. I'm sure I'll get it right one of these times."

You tilt your head slightly in confusion and frown. This isn't exactly what you expected when you rejected her. She's saying all these things you don't understand.

"What are you talking about?"

You manage to ask, curiosity gaining the better of you. Allison turns to you and sighs.

"It's nothing, don't worry about it. See you another time, Jacob."

She says as she stands up and walks away from the bench, without looking back. You watch silently as she leaves, before making your way home. You're not sure what the future holds, but you know it won't be one with Allison.
> You allison - Bad End
Unfortunately, you got the bad ending for Allison's route. This means that you made a few wrong choices in her path, and as a result didn't get a high enough score to get the better ending option (or you simply choose this one over it) . As a hint, I'll tell you that the order of the events you do at the fair matters, and that being concerned for her earlier on could make a difference.


Hope you try again!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>School ends and you met Ian as per usual at the front of school, however today you have something different in mind.

"Hey, Ian, I'll catch you later, I'm going to go with Allison."

You tell him, spotting her down the hallway. Ian nods and leaves without you, and you head towards Allison. She smiles as she sees you, apparently back to her normal self.

"Why hello there Jacob! Why haven't you left for your house yet?"

She asks.

"Well, I was waiting for you of course. Care to walk with me?"

You reply, gesturing for her to follow. Allison takes the hint and walks besides you.

"Hmm, and where might you be taking me?"

She asks with a coy smile.

"It's a secret."

You reply smiling, mimicking how she acted to you on Saturday. Rather than demand any further answers, she just continues smiling.

"I see. Well, lead on."

And with that, the two of you exit the school grounds. Just like on Saturday, the two of you end up at the park Allison brought you to. While you succeeded in asking her to the fair, you've been pondering the rest of the day as to how you should solve the other issues with her. You're curious as to how she knows you, but you also want to know how she really feels. It's possible you just misunderstood her the other day, so you need to clarify. As the two of you enter the oddly deserted park, you go to speak, but are stopped by her placing her index finger against your mouth. The intimacy of the sudden act immediately pacifies you, and you're left awkwardly staring into Allison's eyes.

"One question. I'll answer one question, regardless of what it is, as honestly as I can."

She says in a serious tone, removing her finger from your lips.

"But after that I make no promises, hehe."

She finishes. Allison seems to have read your mind and intentions here, so rather than tempt fate, you give in and ask her one question.
> You how do you know you\?
"Alright, how do you know me? You act really friendly with me, like we've known each other for a long time, but I've only known you for less than a week."

You tell her.

"Hmm...The easiest way to answer that, is to say we used to date."

She responds.

"We did?"

You ask confused. You don't remember dating her in the past.

"We certainly did. How do you think I know you so well?"

She asks in turn. While she hasn't mentioned any facts about your past or anything to prove she really knows you, she is pretty good at guessing what you'll say and do. To this, you shrug, unable to come up with an answer.

"Thought so. We dated, that's the answer to your question. The only answer I'll be giving, I might add."

Allison says, attempting to stomp out any additional questions. You don't want to say she's wrong, and that you haven't dated before, but you honestly can't remember your past well enough to dispute it.

"Alright, when did we date then?"

You ask.

"Nope, that's a second question!"

Allison answers with a smile.

"No it's not, it's part of the first question!"

You reply.

"Nope! It's a brand new question. That's it for today Jacob! See you later."

Allison says, turning and leaving with a short wave before you get a chance to tell her otherwise. You sigh, but with your question answered, just give in and wave back. You didn't expect that you had dated her before, but it's not entirely impossible. It probably would have been at least seven years ago, when you were eleven, since in between then and now you were in a completely different city. Allison must have a pretty good memory to remember you from back then. Done with the park, you return home.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As per usual, you and Ian walk to school together in the morning. He talks about his older brother, but by now you've learned to just zone out while he's doing so. You have far more important things to think about anyway, such as how you're actually going to get Allison to go to the fair with you.

No, that's probably the wrong way of looking at it. The real hard part will be dealing with her being in love with you. Or having a crush on you. Or just really being into you. Truthfully you're not really sure which it is, but you'll need to settle that matter regardless. You do find Allison attractive, a thought that causes great conflicts within you, but you'd feel like you're taking advantage of her if you pursued her that way.

Thinking about it further, you realize you still have no idea what her relation to you is either. After all, she clearly knew you before you met in class. The way she spoke to you and her avoidance of key questions made that clear, not to mention there's no way she'd feel strongly about you if you just met.

You sigh as you enter the school, your thoughts becoming muddled. No matter which you decide to confront her on, the first step is to actually find and talk to her. A step greatly hindered by the fact that she isn't in your class when you enter. Confused, you approach the teacher.

"Ah..."

You say, remembering you still have no idea what his name is.

"Um, is Allison sick or something?"

You ask, pressing forward anyway. The teacher thinks for a moment then shakes his head.

"She hasn't called the school. It's odd, she transferred in near the end of the year, and she has skipped most of the lessons..."

He replies pondering. The answer isn't exactly what you were expecting or what you wanted to hear, but you thank him anyway and head to your seat. The first period ends quickly, and you're left wondering how you should proceed with this situation.
> You leave and look for Allison
You decide it's better to go look for Allison than to wait around at school. It's not like you're learning anything important anyway. You brazenly walk out the front doors of the school and head towards the park Allison took you to on Saturday; the only place you think she could be.

That is to say you start to head there, when you see Allison walking towards the school. Confused, but with your objective already achieved, you approach her. She notices you, and brings her gaze to the ground.

"Hey, Allison."

You say. Moments after the words leave your lips, you realize she seems off.

"You okay?"

You ask in a concerned manner. Allison brings her eyes to yours briefly, before looking away and doing a small shuffle backwards.

"...I'm fine..."

She replies after a short silence.

"You don't seem fine..."

You reply, fairly certain she's feeling nervous. Though, given your last meeting that's to be expected. Not being the best with words, you decide you can't apologize for this properly, so you move straight into your question.

"So, uh, I was wondering if you wanted to go to the fair with me..."

You say, unconfidently with a small blush. Allison looks up at you, and for the first time you notice her eyes are bright blue. She stares at you expressionless for a second, before smiling.

"Yeah, that's just like you."

She says happily with a giggle, her mood changing completely.

"Yep, this is fine. I shall allow you to take me to the fair, Jacob."

She continues in a fake haughty tone.

"Great. So...we're good then?"

"Of course. I was never mad at you to begin with."

She replies in a matter-of-fact tone.

"I'm just dealing with some things is all."

She says, walking by you towards the school.

"Come on, you really shouldn't skip school."

Allison says with a sheepish smile, continuing towards the school.

Like you're one to talk...

You think to yourself with a smile as you follow her.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Good, I'm closing the door."

You reply, shutting it immediately in her face. You hear a cry of protest from the other side, and some more banging on the door. Happy with your revenge, you open it again to find her standing there pouting. You smile in response.

"Done?"

You ask. She nods in response.

"Good."

You reply, shutting the door yet again in her face and laughing.

"Just let me in already, Jacob!"

You hear her yell from the other side. You comply and smirk once you see her pouting face again.

"Well, what you waiting for? Come in!"

You say, feigning ignorance and opening the door wider, letting her in. Though it suddenly dawns on you that yourself and a high schooler are about to be alone in your house. You quickly shake off some of the thoughts that come to mind and shut the door once she enters, escorting her into the living room.

"So, what'd you want?"

You ask. She places her hand to her mouth and does an 'eh-hem', before replying.

"I came to invite you somewhere."

Allison replies. You wait for a moment for her to explain further, but get no such response. You're getting quite a few of these invitations to mysterious places lately.

"And where would that be?"

"Does it matter? You'll be there with me!"

She answers, smiling. For someone you just met the other day, she sure is acting awfully close to you.

"Alright, when did you want to go then?"

Allison looks at the nearby clock, seems to nod approvingly, then looks back to you.

"Right now."
> You refuse to go with her
"I'd really prefer not to..."

You reply, attempting to dissuade her. In response, she moves towards you until she's right by your face.

"Are you really refusing to go out with a cute girl?"

She asks accusingly. For a moment she seems to be thinking about something, then she suddenly grabs your hand.

"Nope, you're coming!"

Allison happily declares. You pull your hand away from her, standing your ground.

"I don't want to go with you. Who the hell are you anyway?"

You ask the girl. For someone who you just met a few days ago, she's incredibly clingy and demanding of you. Shocked, she backs away from you and sits back in her chair, eyes facing the ground.

"I...I'm sorry Jacob."

She weakly states.

"I got a bit ahead of myself it seems. Heh, something must really be wrong with me."

She continues in a dejected tone. You sigh. It seems you got too angry with her and made her upset. Truthfully you find her persistence a little, well more than a little, annoying. You never had that much motivation to do anything growing up, so seeing someone so opposite to you just gets at you a bit.

"Naw, it's me that has something wrong with him. Refusing to leave with such a cute girl."

You reply, you face flushing red as you compliment her.

"But really, I barely know you. Why are you so interested in me?"

You ask. You also remember that you never actually told her where you live, but you get the feeling you really don't want to hear how she knows. Allison takes a deep breath, smacks her cheeks, and looks up to face you.

"No real reason. You just seemed interesting is all."

She says with an obviously fake smile.

"Well, if you don't want to go with me I should probably go."

She says standing up.

"I'll see you later Jacob..."

She says as she waves to you and exits your house. You want to question her more, but she seems like she's moments away from emotionally breaking down, so you instead just nod in response as she leaves. You lay down on your couch after she's gone and stare up at your ceiling.

Who is she...

You think, before drifting off to sleep for a nap.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You happily decide to sleep in, it's Saturday after all. You do the same as all teenagers in high school do, sleep as much as possible.

Or rather, you would have spent it sleeping, had you not been rudely awoken at about two by someone knocking on your front door. You groan as you exit your bed and move downstairs to answer the door.

"What?"

You ask angrily as you open it, only to find Allison happily standing in front of you. She smiles as you open the door.

"Why hello there, Jacob, or should I say good morning?"

She says cheekily. You open your mouth to retort, but she interrupts you.

"Anyway, I've been out here for a while, so can I come it?"

She continues, you go to reply, but she again interrupts you.

"What do you mean no? Would you really leave a cute girl outside in the cold?"

You stand silently and glare at her as she attempts to make a cute pose.

"...Done?"

"Yep!"
> You say "Fine, come in"
"Fine, come in", you reply, opening the door further and allowing her to enter. Given her personality, you're rather doubtful she would have accepted no as an actual answer. You lead her into your living room and sit across from her once there.

"So, what'd you want?"

You ask skeptically. Allison's eyes seem to wander around your living room during this time, but are brought back to you once you ask.

"I'd like to invite you somewhere...can you come?"

She asks. You sit and wait for her to elaborate, but when she remains silent you decide you'll have to ask yourself.

"Invite me to where?"

"It's a secret!"

"That doesn't answer my question."

"It wasn't suppose to!"

"You're not going to answer me properly are you?"

You ask. She grins and nods her head.

"Can you at least tell me when?"

"Now."

"Why now?"

"Why not now?"

You figure that's all you'll get out of her, so you decide to just make up your mind about the matter.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"No."

You reply bluntly.

"And you shouldn't be in it either man. The hell is wrong with you?"

You say, your voice getting louder. Ian at this points backs away a step, and seems a bit afraid.

"You're fucking smart man. Why the hell would you throw that away by being in a gang? You won't -"

You yell, then you suddenly stop. 'You won't go anywhere in life', is what you were about to say, but then it dawns on you that that is exactly what happens. He joins you, doing nothing with his life, as a stock boy. Your anger subsides, and your breathing normalizes, but Ian still keeps his distance.

"I...I'm sorry."

You say in a dejected tone, apologizing. You contemplate saying more, but decide against it. Slowly, you open the office door and exit the room.

"I'll see you later."

You say. Ian doesn't say anything in return, nor does he try to stop you. You leave the abandoned warehouse and wander around town for the rest of the day, wondering what you can do to help Ian.

Along the way you run into a group of girls, wearing a uniform you recognize as the one from the school your sister goes to. They laugh obnoxiously and talk about some other girl in their class. You sigh loudly, annoyed by their interruption of your thought process, but continue walking rather than confront them.

By the end of the day, you return home, hungry and without any real solution to how to help Ian. You've concluded that there's nothing you can really do to talk him out of being in the gang. Although you think you probably should have asked him why he's in it before leaving. You eat dinner and go to bed, your mom and sister blissfully ignorant of your day out. You glance at your alarm clock before dozing off, happy that tomorrow is Saturday.
> You wake up early
Remembering your mother's words, you quickly spring to life early in the morning, and prepare to take your sister to school. Though, all that really involves is you walking a few blocks with her. Although you should have your license at this age (and after a quick check you confirm you do), your mother has the only vehicle, so driving your sister is out of the question. After getting ready you exit your door to find Tina standing there, her fist seemingly prepared to knock. An awkward moment of silence follows as you look at her, contemplating why you two never talk in the future.

"We...have to go soon."

She manages to say, looking down at the ground to avoid eye contact. Why the hell does it seem like she's afraid? It annoys you, but you try to ignore it. Your own sister, afraid of you.

"Yeah, let's go."

You say, walking past her and towards the door. Come to think of it, you moved around a few times while you were a child, and a good portion of it was due to her. Even though Ian is your best friend, now and in the future, you had only become friends with him a year ago at this point in time. You had lived here before, years ago when you were a child, but you had to moved because of your father's work. You moved back eventually, but it was only due to Tina getting accepted into the private school she's currently attending.

Finally ready, the two of you exit the house and begin the walk towards her school. It's done mainly in silence, and as you get closer to the school, she seems to unconsciously move closer to you, distancing herself again whenever you notice. It always annoyed you how quiet and shy she seemed to be. Once at the school's large and elegant gates, you stop.

"There, have fun at school."

You say, as you begin to walk away.

"U-um..."

You hear a small voice say behind you as you go to walk.

"Can you pick me up after...after school...?"

You hear your sister request. Turning to her you sigh.

"Why?"

You ask in an obviously annoyed tone. Tina nervously moves back as she clutches her bag.

"Just because..."
> You agree to pick her up
You look at Tina then at your surroundings. You don't really have much else to do later today, so you might as well pick her up, you decide.

"Fine, I'll see you after you're done then."

Tina, oddly enough, smiles in response. Something you shouldn't find odd at all, but she never seemed to smile from what you remember.

"Thanks, see you after I'm done then!"

She replies, hurrying into the school. You watch her run away and frown. Why does she want you to pick her up anyway? Sighing again, you turn and leave the school, returning back to your home. It's only about a 10 minute walk to the school, which calls into question if walking her to and from it really matters, but the distance means you basically have the entire day to yourself. Which you of course, decide to spend sleeping.

Or rather, you would have spent it sleeping, had you not rudely been awoken at about two by the smashing of fists against your front door. You groan as you exit your bed and move downstairs to answer the door.

"What?"

You ask angrily as you open it, only to find Allison happily standing in front of you. She smiles as you open the door.

"Why hello there, Jacob, or should I say good morning?"

She says cheekily. You open your mouth to retort, but she interrupts you.

"Anyway, I've been out here for a while, so can I come in?"

She continues, you go to reply, but she again interrupts you.

"What do you mean no? Would you really leave a cute girl outside in the cold?"

You stand silently and glare at her as she attempts to make a cute pose.

"...Done?"

"Yep!"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Remembering your mother's words, you quickly spring to life early in the morning, and prepare to take your sister to school. Though, all that really involves is you walking a few blocks with her. Although you should have your license at this age (and after a quick check you confirm you do), your mother has the only vehicle, so driving your sister is out of the question. After getting ready you exit your door to find Tina standing there, her fist seemingly prepared to knock. An awkward moment of silence follows as you look at her, contemplating why you two never talk in the future.

"We...have to go soon."

She manages to say, looking down at the ground to avoid eye contact. Why the hell does it seem like she's afraid? It annoys you, but you try to ignore it. Your own sister, afraid of you.

"Yeah, let's go."

You say, walking past her and towards the door. Come to think of it, you moved around a few times while you were a child, and a good portion of it was due to her. Even though Ian is your best friend, now and in the future, you had only become friends with him a year ago at this point in time. You had lived here before, years ago when you were a child, but you had to moved because of your father's work. You moved back eventually, but it was only due to Tina getting accepted into the private school she's currently attending.

Finally ready, the two of you exit the house and begin the walk towards her school. It's done mainly in silence, and as you get closer to the school, she seems to unconsciously move closer to you, distancing herself again whenever you notice. It always annoyed you how quiet and shy she seemed to be. Once at the school's large and elegant gates, you stop.

"There, have fun at school."

You say, as you begin to walk away.

"U-um..."

You hear a small voice say behind you as you go to walk.

"Can you pick me up after...after school...?"

You hear your sister request. Turning to her you sigh.

"Why?"

You ask in an obviously annoyed tone. Tina nervously moves back as she clutches her bag.

"Just because..."
> You say no
Why should you have to pick her up? It's bad enough you had to walk her here, but Tina is old enough to be walking to and from her own high school.

"No, you can walk home yourself. Grow up already."

You reply coldly, turning and walking away. Tina doesn't reply back, and merely walks to the school. She should have expected that answer, given you have no reason to pick her up. Returning to your house, you do what any high schooler does, you spend the day sleeping.

Or rather, you would have spent it sleeping, had you not rudely been awoken at about two by the smashing of fists against your front door. You groan as you exit your bed and move downstairs to answer the door.

"What?"

You ask angrily as you open it, only to find Allison happily standing in front of you. She smiles as you open the door.

"Why hello there, Jacob, or should I say good morning?"

She says cheekily. You open your mouth to retort, but she interrupts you.

"Anyway, I've been out here for a while, so can I come it?"

She continues, you go to reply, but she again interrupts you.

"What do you mean no? Would you really leave a cute girl outside in the cold?"

You stand silently and glare at her as she attempts to make a cute pose.

"...Done?"

"Yep!"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"The what?"

You ask, thoroughly confused. You don't remember anything like this happening in the past. Maybe your decisions have been different from before, leading you to a different outcome. The possibilities run through your mind before Ian snaps you out of it.

"The Wolves man. Our gang. Well, you're not really in them yet, but I'm sure my brother won't have a problem with it."

Ian says, standing up and opening the mini-fridge, pulling out a beer.

"Want one?"

He asks casually. You don't really care that he's drinking while under aged, but this isn't how you remember Ian acting.

"No..."

You reply slowly.

"Actually, what the hell is going on? Since when have you been in a gang?"

You ask demanding an answer. Ian doesn't seem too put off by your response. It's almost as though he expected it.

"Ah well, I've been telling you about this club for the last few days. I mean I never said it was a gang or anything, but it shouldn't come as that much of a surprise."

He replies.  That's when it hits you. The stories he was saying involving his brother that you largely ignored were about the gang he was in. Most likely he was trying to talk it up a bit before bringing you here. Still, Ian has a great future ahead of him, so he really has no need to be in a gang.

"So, you in man?"

He asks, with a bit of hesitance.
> You join the wolves
You ponder joining the Wolves with Ian for a minute. This certainly isn't typical behavior for him after all. After a brief inner argument, you determine that there has to be something more to this gang. Ian wouldn't throw his life away for no reason, and who knows, maybe him saying it's a 'gang' is just some self-imposed label. Maybe they act nothing like a gang.

"Yeah, sure man I'll join."

You reply. Ian smiles, clearly relieved.

"Thanks, for a second there I wasn't sure what you'd do."

He says with a bit of a nervous laugh. For a second there you weren't really sure what you'd do either. You take a few steps into the room and sit on a comfy looking recliner.

"So...what now? What exactly does this gang of yours do?"

You ask, as Ian places the beer he was previously holding back into the fridge. It seems he didn't plan on drinking it unless you did as well.

"Well, calling it a gang may have been a stretch. My brother made it up with his friends a while back, and I joined it pretty recently. So far we basically just all hang out together here every once in a while. A home away from home...kind of."

He says, trailing off a bit at the end.

"Hmmm. Cool."

You reply. You don't really want to pry any deeper into his reasons for being here, as you can kind of sense it's a sensitive topic, and you don't remember enough about the past, or rather the present, to be confident in your ability to not say something stupid.

The two of you hang out in the gang's headquarters for the rest of the day, until about the time when class would normally end. You don't do a whole lot, just sit around and talk, but it's kind of nice to just chill with Ian. On your way out, Ian says one more thing.

"Oh by the way, I can't make you an official member myself. You're gonna have to come back when my brother is here to do that."

"Sure, maybe he'll be here next time."

You reply as you return home. Once there, you find that neither your sister nor mother are aware that you skipped school today. The night passes and you lay in your bed, staring at your alarm clock, quite pleased that tomorrow is a Saturday.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The rest of the day goes by without much else happening. Neither Allison nor Olivia are in any of your other classes, and you don't seem to run into either of them. You walk home with Ian, and spend the rest of the day lounging around your home. You're beginning to feel like you've fallen into your old routine from back in the day.

The next morning, Ian arrives at your door, as per usual, except this time he doesn't seem to have his backpack.

"Yo, Jacob."

He says while standing at the end of your walkway.

"Hey Ian, where's your backpack?"

You ask while walking towards him, a bit confused.

"Ah, well about that, I was thinking we'd do something a little more interesting than school today."

He replies.

"Such as?"

"Well...you'll see when we get there."

He says with a bit of a laugh.

"It'll be fun man, just hide your bag somewhere first, we won't need it for where we're going."

He adds. If you remember right, skipping school so haphazardly wasn't something Ian often suggested. In fact, if you recall correctly, you were usually the one suggesting it and he was the one rejecting the idea. This makes you really wonder what he has in mind for the day. You stand there and consider if you really want to go or not. After all, if you go you'd be missing school, and you guess that would also mean you miss a chance to see Olivia or Allison.

"You won't give any hints about what we're gonna do?"

You ask, hopeful.

"Not a single one."

Ian replies smiling.
> You go to school instead
Thinking it over, you decide it's better if you don't miss school today. You'd miss your chance to talk to Olivia or Allison if you did after all.

"Sorry, I think I'll just go to school, Ian. See ya."

You say, walking onwards without him.

"Alright then, your loss man. Later."

Ian replies with shrug and a wave. He then turns and goes his own way. The walk to school is uneventful, and surprisingly when you arrive you find that Allison isn't there in your first class. Olivia is there as per normal, and she seems to ignore your presence, although you occasionally catch her glancing at you. The class itself is boring, and you start to regret not skipping it with Ian. However, once it ends and you finally have spare time, you jump up and approach the teacher.

"Hey, um, Mr..."

You begin, however the realization hits you that you don't actually know his name, so you quickly just ask your question.

"Why isn't Allison at school today?"

Your teacher looks at you confused.

"Allison?"

He asks. A brief moment of panic comes over you where you think you may have imagined her entirely. Then the teacher begins to speak again.

"Ah, the new girl that joined us yesterday..."

He says. Internally you breathe a sigh of relief, happy to know you haven't gone insane.

"Yes, it appears she is absent today. Strange, she only just started yesterday..."

He continues. You thank him and quickly exit the room. In the hall, you can see Olivia making her way towards the cafeteria.
> You look for Allison
More concerned about where Allison could be than school, you decide to look for her. With that in mind, you really have no idea as to where she could be. Your initial search is just around your high school, in the usual spots you might expect to find someone. The library, cafeteria, gym, courtyard, and the outside field all turn up nothing. If nothing else, it's clear that she's not at school. Undeterred, you decide this is a good time to skip school to continue your search.

You find yourself aimlessly walking around town in search of a girl you hardly even know. Sometime during your search, you find yourself wondering why you care so much about finding her. Do you intuitively know something is wrong and must find her? No, that can't be right, you don't think anything in particular is wrong with the situation. You were about to skip school yourself today, so it's not that big a deal that Allison would skip.

Then, maybe you're just drawn to her? She is an odd one after all, so it's only natural you'd be curious about her. There's also the matter of her probably knowing more than she lets on. Maybe she even knows about your current predicament...

"For the love long since lost, the old friend forgotten, the new one neglected, the sister he could never see, and the brother he could never be."

Were the words she said to you when you first approached her. You hadn't really considered any real deep meaning to them, but considering your circumstances, it probably has to do with you. Then, which are you, and for that matter, who is she? Does she actually know that you went back in time, or is this simply a large coincidence? You shake your head a bit. It's probably better if you just ask her again what she meant by all of that when you find her.

As your mind was wandering, your feet were still moving. You now find yourself outside of your sister's private high school, oddly enough. You guess it's about time school was over, as students seem to be exiting the school in an orderly fashion. That would mean that you spent three hours looking for Allison with no results. You sigh to yourself, although not finding her really should have been expected.

You're about to leave the grounds when you notice your sister walk out. Tina exits the front doors of school looking rather nervous, a normal sight with her it would seem. Thinking you should probably head home now, you turn to leave, when you notice a group of students approach her.
> You watch what happens
You stand on the other side of the gated fence and watch as the group approaches your sister. From this distance you can't hear what they're saying, but you should be able to tell the general mood. Tina isn't really a social type, and when she's put into social situation she tends to just try and hide, which is why a group of students talking to her sparks your interests. The group consists of three girls and four guys, all dressed the uniform of the private school. They speak to her for a few minutes, during which time your sister attempts to cower back into the school. Eventually, one of the girls walk right up to your sister and push her to the ground.

A chill goes down your spine as you wonder who the hell these people are. You don't remember your sister being bullied in her high school, so why is this happening? Immediately after pushing her to the ground, the group leaves the school. You watch as they pass you by the front gate, but decide it's best not to confront them for the time being. Shortly after, you see Tina timidly walk by. She turns and notices you standing by the front gate, a mixture of fear and confusion in her eyes.

"Why...are you here?"

She asks. You pause to think for a moment, and just as you're about to say something, your mother pulls up beside the two of you.

"Tina, who is...wait, Jacob? What are you doing here?"

She asks, repeating Tina's question. Not wanting to admit you skipped the later half of classes to search for a girl you barely know, you lie.

"I just decided to pick up Tina is all."

You say. Your mother looks at you skeptically, but tells you and your sister to get in anyway. On the drive back, she reminds you that you need to wake up early to bring Tina to school tomorrow, since she works all day Saturday. You groan in response, but otherwise say nothing, and the rest of the night passes by without anything happening.
> You wake up early
Remembering your mother's words, you quickly spring to life early in the morning, and prepare to take your sister to school. Though, all that really involves is you walking a few blocks with her. Although you should have your license at this age (and after a quick check you confirm you do), your mother has the only vehicle, so driving your sister is out of the question. After getting ready you exit your door to find Tina standing there, her fist seemingly prepared to knock. An awkward moment of silence follows as you look at her, contemplating why you two never talk in the future.

"We...have to go soon."

She manages to say, looking down at the ground to avoid eye contact. Why the hell does it seem like she's afraid? It annoys you, but you try to ignore it. Your own sister, afraid of you.

"Yeah, let's go."

You say, walking past her and towards the door. Come to think of it, you moved around a few times while you were a child, and a good portion of it was due to her. Even though Ian is your best friend, now and in the future, you had only become friends with him a year ago at this point in time. You had lived here before, years ago when you were a child, but you had to moved because of your father's work. You moved back eventually, but it was only due to Tina getting accepted into the private school she's currently attending.

Finally ready, the two of you exit the house and begin the walk towards her school. It's done mainly in silence, and as you get closer to the school, she seems to unconsciously move closer to you, distancing herself again whenever you notice. It always annoyed you how quiet and shy she seemed to be. Once at the school's large and elegant gates, you stop.

"There, have fun at school."

You say, as you begin to walk away.

"U-um..."

You hear a small voice say behind you as you go to walk.

"Can you pick me up after...after school...?"

You hear your sister request. Turning to her you sigh.

"Why?"

You ask in an obviously annoyed tone. Tina nervously moves back as she clutches her bag.

"Just because..."

You remember how yesterday you saw her get bullied by that group of students. Maybe that has something to do with why she wants to be picked up...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Thinking it over, you decide it's better if you don't miss school today. You'd miss your chance to talk to Olivia or Allison if you did after all.

"Sorry, I think I'll just go to school, Ian. See ya."

You say, walking onwards without him.

"Alright then, your loss man. Later."

Ian replies with shrug and a wave. He then turns and goes his own way. The walk to school is uneventful, and surprisingly when you arrive you find that Allison isn't there in your first class. Olivia is there as per normal, and she seems to ignore your presence, although you occasionally catch her glancing at you. The class itself is boring, and you start to regret not skipping it with Ian. However, once it ends and you finally have spare time, you jump up and approach the teacher.

"Hey, um, Mr..."

You begin, however the realization hits you that you don't actually know his name, so you quickly just ask your question.

"Why isn't Allison at school today?"

Your teacher looks at you confused.

"Allison?"

He asks. A brief moment of panic comes over you where you think you may have imagined her entirely. Then the teacher begins to speak again.

"Ah, the new girl that joined us yesterday..."

He says. Internally you breathe a sigh of relief, happy to know you haven't gone insane.

"Yes, it appears she is absent today. Strange, she only just started yesterday..."

He continues. You thank him and quickly exit the room. In the hall, you can see Olivia making her way towards the cafeteria.
> You catch up to Olivia
You briskly walk down the hall and catch up with Olivia. As you do, you recall that the last time the two of you talked, she was rather hostile with you.

"Hey Olivia, listen, I'm sorry if I offended you or something."

You say, attempting to mend whatever you broke earlier.

"Can't we just start fresh? Forget whatever I did to make you angry?

You ask hopeful, extending your hand to her. She glances at it, then at you, and sighs.

"Sure, why not. Forgetting things seems to be a pattern for us anyway."

Olivia replies, shaking your hand gently. You smile in response, though her off-hand sarcastic remark confuses you slightly.

"So, where are you headed off to?"

You ask.

"To the lunchroom, it's lunch time after all."

Olivia responds, rather impassively.

"Fair enough, so, mind if I sit with you?"

You ask, hoping you can maybe find out more about her. You're starting to think that your feeling that you knew her was off, but you still want to make sure. She glares at you as the two of you enter the lunchroom.

"You remember I said I had a boyfriend, right?"

She asks.

"Of course."

You say, not dissuaded in the slightest.

"Then fine, we can sit together."

You smile, relieved that she agrees to sitting together. As you approach your seats, you think over what you should talk to her about.
> You ask about her past
At this point you decide you shouldn't pry into her love life, so you ask her about her past. You pose the question, and she looks at you with a hostile expression that leads you to believe you may be entering a risky topic.

"My past? Why do you care?"

She asks.

"Just curious is all. I can tell you about my past first if that helps..."

You reply defensively. Olivia stares at you angrily, which you take to mean you better start talking.

"A-alright then. Well, I grew up in this city until I was about...let's see now, twelve I think. Then my sister got accepted into some fancy private school, and we had to move about an hour away. I still remember that we had to pick up and pack in like a day with no real notice. While in this other city my father...passed away."

You say, remembering him. Your father was by no stretch the greatest father ever, but he was able to pay you attention from time to time and had no large faults, so you have fond memories of him. Olivia's expression gets a bit softer, probably because she feels bad that she had you bring up a sad topic. You continue on as normal.

"Then my sister got accepted into another private school, that private high school in this town. So, we moved back here after being gone for six years. Once I came back I met Ian, though I haven't seen any of my old friends..."

You finish, remembering that you did have some friends that you left behind originally, but you never did find them. Come to think of it, with how fast you left you're not even sure if you had to say goodbye to them to begin with. Olivia looks at you, seeming like she wants to say something.

"I see..."

Is all she manages to say thought. You're not sure why, but it seems like the topic has gotten her a tad depressed. She packs up her lunch and stands.

"I have to go now...talk to you later."

She says. You give her a wave goodbye, but feel a bit disappointed she didn't talk about herself at all. You sigh and exit the cafeteria, deciding to try asking her about her past some other time. The rest of the day goes by without much happening, and when you arrive home nothing exciting happens either. The night passes and you lay in your bed, staring at your alarm clock, quite pleased that tomorrow is a Saturday.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You briskly walk down the hall and catch up with Olivia. As you do, you recall that the last time the two of you talked, she was rather hostile with you.

"Hey Olivia, listen, I'm sorry if I offended you or something."

You say, attempting to mend whatever you broke earlier.

"Can't we just start fresh? Forget whatever I did to make you angry?

You ask hopeful, extending your hand to her. She glances at it, then at you, and sighs.

"Sure, why not. Forgetting things seems to be a pattern for us anyway."

Olivia replies, shaking your hand gently. You smile in response, though her off-hand sarcastic remark confuses you slightly.

"So, where are you headed off to?"

You ask.

"To the lunchroom, it's lunch time after all."

Olivia responds, rather impassively.

"Fair enough, so, mind if I sit with you?"

You ask, hoping you can maybe find out more about her. You're starting to think that your feeling that you knew her was off, but you still want to make sure. She glares at you as the two of you enter the lunchroom.

"You remember I said I had a boyfriend, right?"

She asks.

"Of course."

You say, not dissuaded in the slightest.

"Then fine, we can sit together."

You smile, relieved that she agrees to sitting together. As you approach your seats, you think over what you should talk to her about.
> You ask about her boyfriend
Olivia seems pretty intent on letting everyone know that she has a boyfriend, so maybe that'd be a good place to start. The two of you sit down and take your lunches out.

"So, tell me about this boyfriend of yours. You must really like him if you keep mentioning him."

You say as you pull out some food. Olivia seems rather surprised that you would ask her such a question, but doesn't seem reluctant to answer.

"Why are you interested in Brent?"

She asks. You shrug in response. It's not that you're interested in him, you just need some sort of starting ground with her.

"So, I take it Brent is his name then?"

You ask, sidestepping her question.

"Well, it is, but you didn't answer me."

She replies. It seems she's pretty aware of these kinds of things, in contrast with her aloof manner.

"I was just wondering what kind of guy you liked is all."

You reply. Though, you instantly realize that could be taken in a different way than you had intended. Olivia looks at you with the same passive face she usually makes, before eating some more of her food. If she noticed that what you said could be interpreted as you liking her, she isn't showing it.

"I'll give you the typical girl response. He's handsome, tall, strong, and he actually asked me out."

She says. You question if him asking her out is a quality a girl would typically give, but roll with it.

"So he's not smart then?"

You ask with a laugh.

"No, though that seems to be a common issue with guys."

She responds with a glare. If you didn't know better, you'd think she's implying you're an idiot. Thinking you need to divert attention away from yourself, you decide to change the topic.

"Yeah haha, Ian's a pretty smart guy though isn't he?"

You say. Olivia looks away from you.

"He is, unlike some guys I know."

She responds, standing up.

"I need to go now."

She continues, hurriedly picking up her things and walking away.

"Alright, seeya later Olivia."

You say as she walks away. She briefly pauses her walk to give you a small wave, before leaving the cafeteria. You don't really know if you can really consider this a success in learning more about her, but at least she's a bit more familiar with you now....you think.

The rest of the day goes by without much happening, and when you arrive home nothing exciting happens either. The night passes and you lay in your bed, staring at your alarm clock, quite pleased that tomorrow is a Saturday.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You chase Allison into the lunch room and grab her hand as you catch up, stopping her from running. She turns to you and gives an exaggerated sad expression.

"Well, ya caught me, now what?"

She asks. You look into her eyes for a minute, and decide to try something.

"You're lying."

You replying accusingly.

"I'm what now?"

"Lying. You know who I am. No one acts that friendly to someone they just met, and what you just said before sounds like it has some deeper meaning to it."

You say. Allison looks down to her hand, which you immediately let go of, then she glances around the room. Finally she sighs.

"You caught me. I know you. But the more important thing here, isn't what I know, but what you know. So, what do you know of me, Jacob?"

Allison replies, revealing that your guess was right. Unfortunately, you don't actually know anything about her. The closest you have to a memory of her is your dream, and even if she does actually know you, that'd be a rather odd thing to bring up. Then again, she seems like a rather odd person anyway.

"How do you know me?"

You ask, trying to ignore her question. She pouts and takes a step back.

"Beep beep, wrong answer. Should I take this to mean you don't know anything about me?"

She asks.
> You admit you know nothing about her
You sigh and nod.

"Yeah, sorry. I don't really know you."

You reply. Unexpectedly, she smiles and nods in response.

"Well, that's to be expected. We only just met after all. Maybe we'll get to know each other better in the future."

Allison says, waving and walking away. You give her a short wave back and then decide to have something for lunch, and to maybe find Ian. After a short search through the cafeteria, you find Ian sitting with a girl, with long black hair, brown eyes, and dressed in a goth outfit. Oddly enough, you recognize her as Olivia, the girl you were talking with in detention yesterday. Noticing you, Ian waves you over to their table.

"Hey man, this here is Olivia."

He says, motioning to Olivia.

"We're both in the chess club together it seems, so I figured I should hang out with her a bit to get to know her better."

Olivia looks at you with a mild expression of surprise while Ian speaks, before scoffing at his remark.

"I have a boyfriend you know."

She states, apparently thinking Ian has an ulterior motive.

"Ah, well of course you do. A cute girl like you is quite the catch."

Ian replies, although you can sense he didn't really expect her to have one. Olivia blushes slightly, but it's unnoticed by Ian.

"That's right, I had forgotten you were in the chess club Ian."

You say, finally sitting down.

"Yep, I'm the best damn chess-inator there is!"

He replies while puffing out his chest with an odd sense of pride. However you don't really doubt he's the best there, as he's always been incredibly smart. You gaze wanders to Olivia, who notices and speaks.

"Just cause I look this way doesn't mean I'm stupid. Girls can be smart too you know."

She says harshly to you, apparently thinking you were judging her ability to play chess based on her goth outfit. You quickly shake your head in response.

"I, wait, I never said you couldn't."

You reply defensively. She turns her head away from you, almost in disgust. Ian looks at the two of you confused.

"Am I missing something here? Do you two got some history or something?"

"No, of course not. We just met yesterday after all. Didn't we Jacob?"

Olivia replies angrily, even more upset now. You go to answer but she quickly speaks again.

"I need to go."

She announces, quickly standing from the table and walking away. The two of you watch as she leaves.Ian shrugs as you turn to him.

"Girls man. Confusing as hell, right?"

He says before taking a drink of his milk in front of him. You nod, but can't help but think there was something more to what Olivia said.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Suddenly, as you reach the front entrance of the school, you remember you have detention. You sigh, not thrilled at the prospect of having to spend the next hour sitting in a class to make up for something you didn't even do intentionally. Ian approaches you from behind and then reaches your side, looking at your face as he does.

"We going?"

"Sorry, I was late for my first class. I got detention..."

He frowns, though he doesn't seem that shocked.

"Alright man, I told you to hurry there though."

"Yeah I know...Where is detention by the way?"

"Er, Room 225..."

Ian replies, confused that you don't seem to know something that obvious. He looks like he's about to address the issue, but you quickly thank him and head towards room 225, leaving him behind.

Sure enough, it's the correct room for detention. An older woman you don't recognize at all sits at the front of the room. She looks up from her book in time to give you a quick glance, then returns to reading. You put your bag at the side of the room and take a seat away from most of the other delinquents already in the room, not wanting to associate yourself with them. You're only here because you've gone back in time after all, you're not like them.

As the minutes pass, you find yourself looking around the room for anything of interest, and quickly spot something, or rather someone. The gothic girl from your first class is also in the room, staring out the window and paying no attention at all to the others in the class. She's only two chairs over from you, and with no one between you and everyone else in the class already occupied, you figure you can use this time to talk to her. If you actually want to that is. It is detention after all, so if you're caught you'd likely be punished.
> You do nothing
You decide against trying to talk to the gothic girl. You could get in even more trouble after all, and you probably don't even know her. Detention passes by slowly, but eventually you're dismissed. Ian is already long gone by the time you return to the front lobby, so you go back home alone.

Along the way you try to retrace your steps from this morning, and although you go down a wrong alley or two, you eventually make it home. Of course, your mother is noticeably upset you are hours late from school.

"So Jacob. Mind explaining why you have come home at such at late hour?"

Your mother asks impatiently as you enter the house, two hours after you should have been home.

"I...err...sort of had detention."

You reply.

"What for?"

"I was late for my first class...."

Your mother seems annoyed, but doesn't push the matter too much further.

"Honestly Jacob, you won't ever succeed in life if you don't take things seriously. Even if you dislike school, being tardy is no excuse."

She says in a rather condescending manner. You nod your head in agreement and rush up the stairs seeing as she is finished scolding you. The rest of the day passes by with nothing of interest really happening. At the end of the day, you go to sleep and wonder if you'll wake up back in the future.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Although you roughly knew how to get to the school on your own, you have no idea what class you have. You follow Ian in hopes that you have the same first class together. Once at the classroom door Ian turns to you with a puzzled look.

“Aren’t you going to class?”

“Uh, yea...right...”

“You’re acting pretty weird today man.”

“Yea well...today’s a pretty weird day for me.”

Ian seems even more confused now, but decides to drop it and heads to his seat once he hears the warning bell. You walk down the hallway a little further before opening up your bag in hopes of finding some sort of clue telling you where you’re supposed to be. Inside you find various notebooks and textbooks, but nothing concerning your schedule. You sigh and notice the hallway is now completely empty.

The final bell which marks the start of class should be ringing any minute and you have no idea where you’re supposed to be. Unsure of what to do, you decide to sprint down the hallway and look for whatever seems familiar. Fortunately (or perhaps unfortunately) you find two room numbers across from each other which seem somewhat familiar: Room 134 and Room 135. You’ll have to guess which is the right room.
> You room 135
You enter room 135 and quickly survey its contents. The room is filled with other students which you would assume are in the same grade as you. Some of those in the class give you a quick glance, before returning their attention to the teacher. The teacher himself, a middle-aged man with a short beard, whom seems fairly familiar, looks up from his desk as you slowly enter through the doorway. He says nothing, but his reaction to you gives you the impression he knows you and that it's normal for you to be here.

Taking that as your cue, you look for any sort of empty seat, and sit in one right as the bell rings. The teacher then stands up and approaches the chalk board behind him.

"Alright class, it's time to review what we learned yesterday...."

He begins, but you quickly lose interest in what he's teaching and look around the room in search for some familiarity. Not that you can really be blamed for not paying attention, as you've listened to all this before anyway. That is, assuming you really have gone back in time, and this isn't all some weird dream.

You sigh softly, thoroughly confused at your current situation. Eventually, you spot a girl in the corner of the room that you seem to recognize. Or, rather than recognize, you should say you feel like you know her, for some reason or another. No name comes to mind, nor any memories involving her, but for some reason you still think she's someone you know.

Long, black hair, with brown eyes, and a slim figure. What's most noticeable about her though, is her gothic outfit of all black, complete with a spiked dog collar, and black painted finger nails. Looking at her closer, you determine that her black hair is probably dyed, your guess being her originally hair colour is a light brown. You brood over how you may know her, and your predicament as a whole, until the class finally ends. As the goth girl leaves she seems to ignore you completely. Maybe you don't know her?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Jacob, wake up it’s time for school!”

You hear a familiar voice yell to you, and you groggily wake up in response.

What a strange dream...

You try and remember the girl from your dream, but can’t figure out who she was. The classroom was probably from your high school, but as far as you can remember that girl was never in any of your classes. You shrug and proceed to get up. After all, high school was years ago, it wouldn’t be unusual for you to forget a few people in that time.

Once fully awake, the reality that you live alone dawns on you; there should be no one yelling for you to wake up. Then another thought occurs, you don’t go to school anymore either. Confused, you stand up and walk over to your dresser, which seems different from usual. Opening your drawers you notice your clothes seem different as well. Now even more confused, you get dressed and exit your room to find some answers. Outside your door you find your younger sister standing in front of you, in the uniform that she wore during high school. That is to say, while she has the same face, green eyes, and short brown hair as your sister, she looks considerably younger than she should.

“Mom says wake up.” She states quietly, then turns to walk away.

“Um, Tina?” you say, trying to confirm it’s her.

“Hm?”, she replies softly, turning towards you.

“Ah, um, never mind. I’m up.”

She nods and walks away. You return to your room and look for your backpack, the one you remember using in high school. Sure enough you find it, right beside your dresser. You open it and grab one of your notebooks, hoping to confirm what you think has happened. You turn to the last note in the book and look at the date:

April 24th, 2008

You walk to your bed and sit down, trying accept what has happened. Yesterday was April 23th, but the year was 2018. Ten years ago you were 18 and in your last year of high school. The fact that your sister was in her private high school uniform confirms this, since she was in her first year of high school when you were in your last. Your thought process is interrupted by the familiar yell of your mother.

“Jacob, hurry up! You’re going to be late!”

There’s no point in thinking over this any longer. You quickly grab your bag and head down the stairs to the front door.

"Remember, you need wake up early on Saturday to bring your sister to school, since I'll be working."

Your mother tells you, as she stands beside you watching you put on your shoes. You nod quickly in response, and although you’re tempted to hug her or say you’ve missed her, you put it off. The you in the past wouldn’t have done it, so you’re not going to do it either. After all, if this really is the past then doing something different could screw up the future in a major way.

You open the door and find Ian standing in front of you. Well, a younger version of him.

“It’s about time Jake, you goin' to school today or what?”
> No
“Uh no, I think I’m gonna stay home today.”

Immediately you realize your mistake.

“Stay home? Now Jacob, I wonder what you could mean by that.” Your mother, still standing behind you, remarks with a soft yet threatening tone while folding her arms in front of her.

“I uh...it was joke. Yea...bye mom....”

You quickly rush out the door and meet Ian, who innocently shrugs in response to what happened.

“What? It’s not like I knew she was there.”

The walk to school is uneventful. Ian tells you some story involving his older brother but you don’t really pay attention. The thought that you’re ten years in the past is all you can think about.

“Hey.”

Ian pushes your shoulder gently once you reach the entrance of the school and the two of you stop. He has a concerned look on his face.

“You alright? You sick or something?”

He asks.

“Huh? No, I’m fine. Don’t worry about it.”

You walk ahead into the entrance of the school and Ian follows close behind.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's always the same dream.

"Do you miss me?" Her silky soft voice sounds like velvet and I can smell her familiar scent of cinnamon mint. Her beautiful emerald eyes looking right through me, as though the answer on the tip of my lips has already been said.

That face hasn't changed a bit, already she had certainly grown more beautiful than before. I manage to fight back the growing urge in me to lean forward to touch her, prove that she was real. Even if the wing was plastic on her back, there was no way Sophia would be here with me.
> You say "Of course I miss you."
She smiled softly and I could see relief in her eyes. Just a flash before she shut those emerald eyes and covered her face bashfully.

"I'm so relieved." She admitted so softly that I couldn't help but grin back. Because she spoke those words only for me to hear.

But soon the wings melted off her back and the angel in front of me disappeared. In her place was a girl, a beautiful girl with a coquettish smile and dark garb. In her hands was a barely lit candle and her eyes that had been glinting with happiness now had a knowing resignation.  

"But is it because I'm gone? Or is it because you don't like being alone?" Her voice was growing more distant and all of a sudden the air grows cold.

But before I could answer, before I could even think of what she could possibly mean, I woke up from that terrible dream.
> You quiet Beginnings
It was a bit of a running gag in town how my parents met, how doggedly he pursued her without caring a bit about his pride or her rather formidable boyfriend whose right punch could knock out a giant for days.

He was the gangly new kid of the block and she was the beautiful princess who already had her Prince Charming.  It was like imagining Sleeping Beauty ditching her guy for the court jester.

"When you find someone who you can love completely..." My dad fondly wrapped his arm around my mom and smiled "You've got to believe in the impossibility of being ecstatically happy."

Sappy words from a sappy guy. Still, it was easy to see why he'd talk like that. His first love was a miracle.  Even he couldn't believe it worked out.

But Sophia and I was different. We were always together and always linked together. Back in the day when I was interrogated by all the big kids whose eyes inevitably fell on Sophia, I gave the same excuse over and over again. Not that I didn't care about her, but I did care about getting beat up by the same group of guys each day.
> You say "She's too old for me."
Some excuse, right? Yeah, they didn't buy it either. Maybe it would have worked if she wasn't only two years older and stunningly beautiful to match.  But, I worked out every day, not just because I wanted to be able to fight back. That was a reason, of course I wanted to cream every guy who looked at Sophia with dirty eyes. But being younger than Sophia automatically made things more difficult. Being shorter and smaller than the girl you like? C'mon.

Waking up with a heavy sigh, I see the same demon face that graced the angel's body in my dream. Sophia had slipped into my bed without me noticing. The scent of cinnamon mint washing over me and already I feel intoxicated. She was a few inches away and despite crawling into bed in her ratty pjs, she easily took my breath away.

 Looking over at the clock, I can tell the alarm is only a few minutes from going off. Even though Sophia sneaks into my bed each morning, it always feels so short.
> You discretely Shut off the Alarm
"I'm sorry." The loud conversations going around us in the school cafeteria somehow muted enough for us to whisper, I tried to lean in close to a very unhappy Sophia. Her hair was in a messy ponytail and her clothes were whatever she could find in the two minutes available to dress before school started.

"You're not." Sophia wouldn't even look at me. Her lips in a permanent pout that hadn't faded from the morning. Still, she looks beautiful. Even in messy jeans and hair that stuck out in all the wrong places.

"I must have been asleep when I turned the alarm off." I insist with earnest eyes. But of course, Sophia can see right through me. "Let me make it up to you. You can't stay mad at me forever over this."

"Maybe I can." She stuck out her tongue slightly and I can't help but stare. Stare as her bubblegum tongue slowly darts in between her lips that perfectly formed a slight pout. "But how would you make it up to me?"

I lean closer to her, slowly resting my hand on the small of her back. "Easy. Why don't we...?"
> You have a race
"How is this making up for anything?" Sophia huffed and puffed as she dilligently ran to keep up with my light jogging.

"Weren't you always complaining about how out of shape you've gotten?" I try to slow down to seem like I'm helping, but a little bit of me feels happy. Before it was always me desperately chasing her, doing anything to keep up.

"Okay...so I was a total mess today and I'm fat?" Sophia laughs incredulously, but a smile still lingers on her face. Like even she knew that her as a total mess was still stunningly beautiful and that any fat on her body would be perfectly placed so you wouldn't be able to tell that she eaten a few more slices of pie than what was wise.

"You know I didn't mean it that way." 

"Yeah, but you always say things that people misunderstand. You're going to get in a lot of trouble with girls if you don't shape up."

Apparently I was always being misunderstood by her. My dad always told me that you have to be ridiculously open to failure when it came to girls. Even though it was terrifying to make the first step, you'll make it if the girl is worth it and Sophia was worth it.

 It wasn't like I didn't try to give her signs. I always kept looking at her lips. Imagining how it would feel, how amazing it would feel to kiss them the first time...and the second...and the millionth.

"Hmm? " Sophia paused in front of me and leaned forward. Her face slightly covered with a sheen of sweat "Did you fall in love with me?" She laughed a little at the end, certain that I hadn't.

It was kinda suprising how clueless Sophia could be. Or maybe cruel would be a better word.
> You kiss Her
To this day, I don't know how I had the courage to do it. For anyone thinking movies portray a first kiss correctly, then I'm very sorry to let you all down. Because as I leaned forward to kiss the girl of my dreams, I watch her blank expression only turn to a look of complete surprise. I kept waiting for the moment where her eyes closed and a blush spread across those perfect angular cheeks, but she looked like she had seen a ghost.  All I could do was close my eyes and very quickly kiss her lightly on the lips, a kiss where I'm fairly certain my teeth had been exposed accidently and gave her a slight bite instead of a caress.

For a girl who smells just like cinnamon mint, she tasted completely different. She must have drank cherry soda at lunch because my first kiss tasted exactly like cherry coke. Sweet with a sparkle of electricity running through my system. There was even a buzzing noise...wait a second, what?

"I...have to go." Before I could open my eyes, I can hear Sophia open her cell phone and feel her entire demeanor change. It was not a friendly everyday text message, not at all.

Open your eyes you idiot! I want so badly to see her expression, I do. But there is something so terrifyingly vulnerable about this moment, this magical moment when I finally got to kiss Sophia that makes opening my eyes suddenly impossible. By the time I manage to get the strength, she's gone. Her running figure making me all the more curious as to what could possibly have been sent in that annoying text.

Mentally, I had a much different reaction from her. She was smiling back into my eyes with a growing smile, one that was nearly as wide as mine.

"Hey!" Before I can fully sink into the ground in my misery, I hear Sophia's voice. She's far enough that I can't quite see her face, but I hear her perfectly. "Leave your window unlocked!"

A wave of relief rushes over me and I try not to grin like an idiot.

Tried and probably failed miserably.

That night, I didn't sleep a wink. Not when I heard the window slowly creak open and feel Sophia slowly slip right next to me.  
> You bring her closer
I couldn't help it.

My arm was already being used by her as a pillow. I kept my eyes closed and hugged her closely. Her body was incredibly soft. She fit perfectly against me and was so close that I could feel every bit of her on top of me. I've probably hugged Sophia a million times when I was younger. But tonight was different, everything felt different.

"Hey..." Her soft scent of cinnamon mint wafted over me "You can't be without me?" 

The way she asked that question was strange. It was a question she had asked me a million times before. But tonight, it sounded like there was a hitch in her voice, an accidental slip.

"You know the answer." I can't help but smile goofily at Sophia. Even though I know neither one of us are directly addressing the issue at hand, the kiss or the accidental biting of her lips, if you wanted to get more specific.

"Would you miss me?" A slighly lonely expression still lingered on her face "If I was gone?"
> You say "Always."
A beautiful smile on her face, a soft sigh escaping those soft lips. She leaned forward and gave me a gentle kiss. So soft and tender that I was melting into a puddle. It was a miracle that I kept my arms wrapped around her.

"Miss me." She kept whispering. Her eyes looking like they were brimming with tears. "Please, don't forget me."

Her kisses tasted salty and sweet. But I couldn't live with myself if I did anything when she was like that. So I just held her close and kissed her until both of us were to exhausted to do anything but fall asleep.

Why would I need to miss her if she'll always be with me?

Why was she crying?

I want so badly to ask her. But for some reason, it feels like she'll disappear if I ask those words. So all I can do is just pull her closer and hope that maybe, just maybe, Sophia would stay.
> You less than Innocent Dream
She was only wearing adornments in her hair, the rest of Sophia was clad just as she was born. We had actually taken baths together when we were kids. Back then, I couldn't realize how stunningly beautiful she always was. 

"Always remember..please." I can't quite hear the words she's whispering though. I can only catch fragments. Her beautiful emerald eyes won't open though. They won't look back into mine anymore and for some reason, that terrifies me.

Leaning forward, my fingers barely graze her arm when I shudder. Her skin is cold, ice cold. Even though she has a rosy blush and her body looks perfect, she feels like a corpse. A beautiful talking corpse of the girl of my dreams.

"Please...forgive me...." Her lips keep moving and I feel afraid. Like I'm remembering something I don't want to remember.

Like the moment I remember, she'll be gone.

Green eyed girl, why are you crying?

Did the world treat you badly enough to feel like dying?

Stop it. I shake my head and look down at my hands. My hands that were empty before are now filled with...
> You chewed up pencils
"I can do this." Sophia was determinedly chewing away on her spare pencil as she erased her sketching. The deadline was moved up and she was staying up all night.

"You need to rest. C'mon, the bed is soft and comfy."

"You can go without me." She doesn't even shift her gaze off the paper. "I'm going to finish this."

I already knew what she would say before she said it. Most nights, I would go ahead and impatiently wait for her to slip next to me. But tonight, I wanted to be next to her. I had to do something while I waited.

"Let me show off." I make a big show of getting some pens and markers."I'll draw you just as I see you."

A tiny smile appeared on her lips as she answered "I'll be looking forward to it."
> You draw Her Silly
It was surprisingly easy to sketch and only took a few hours to ink. By then, Sophia had long finished her art project and was waiting impatiently.

"Here you are." I smile innocently as she stared at the little chibi version of herself eating a huge cupcake.

"Hey!" She's smiling as she knocks my shoulder "that's how you really see me?"

"Exactly."

"Hmm..." She leans down and her hair grazes my arm. Soft and silky, I want to scratch at my arm all of a sudden but a bigger part of me just wants to stay still. Just in case the slightest movement scares her off. "Do I really eat sweets all the time?"
> You say "I never see you eat anything but sweets."
Her jaw dropped.

"I'll prove you wrong!" She said in a teasing voice, but I saw the fire of determination in her eyes. Sophia was the type of person who would do anything if she said it.

She was special like that.

But the next day, when we were enjoying an order of sherbert, I could tell that Sophia wanted a bite. Her eyes lit up and I could see her fingers tapping impatiently on her sides.

"Eat up, it's delicious." I enthusiastically take a bite of mine, but she shakes her head. Her eyes never leaving the bowl of sherbert.

It was like there were an angel and a devil on her shoulder. Both whispering encouragement.

"He's too nice to mention that statement you made." The angel advised Sophia while the devil laughed heartily and whispered "He's just waiting for you to take a bite and then he'll mention it."

"They're both wrong." I accidently say out loud and after Sophia shoots me a quizzical stare, I lift my hands up and swear "I meant to say, you're a complete twig. Please, don't let delicious sherbert go to waste because of my drawing."

She laughed and nibbled at the bowl. At the time, I thought maybe she was feeling nevous or wasn't hungry. I should have noticed how rail thin her arms were even then. How easily the bone stuck out and how fragile her entire body was beginning to become.

Maybe if I had noticed, I could have saved her.
> You christmas Memories
"Tell me a secret." Sophia's voice is a little sluggish and for a second, I wonder if it was the wisest decision opening up that bottle of christmas wine.

"I never keep any secrets from you." I answer and honestly, there is nothing I could possibly hide from Sophia. She knew everything about me. All it took was one stare from her and I was completely transparent.

But Sophia was different. It was like there was a veil, a impenetrable veil between her and me. I could tell by her eyes. Those beautiful emerald eyes that told no secrets and held no lies.

"Everybody has secrets." She leaned forward and all I can do is stare back at her. The Christmas light gave her silver hair a light pink tint, or maybe my mind was finally going a little crazy. She was like a drug I couldn't stop taking.

But was it the same for her?

"Tell me yours." I want to say those words. But maybe I knew the answer and I didn't want to hear it.

Maybe I knew if I did, this would be all over.

"Hey, can you draw me?"
> You draw in blue
"Let me draw around you." I stare back at her and she smiled back at me. Her eyes were still cloudy and before I can say anything else, she eagerly stands up and nods her head.

"Wait a second." She runs into the closet and grabs a dress. But before I can say anything, she changes out of her Christmas attire and into the dress she picked out of the closet. It was so quickly, you could blink and miss it.

"How did...?" Before I can ask another question, my mind goes to static. It must be the wine, surely I had too much to drink. "Just sit down there."

She sits down eagerly and I carefully draw clouds behind her.

After taking a picture, she turns to me and asks "why clouds?

 "They fit." I can't think clearly. Not when she was so close to me.  Looking down and breathing that familiar cinnamon mint.

What should I do?
> You kiss her
"I'm ready."

 She tried so hard to seem like an adult. Even the lingerie she bought was clearly for someone much older.

My mouth was dry and I could feel a gallon of sweat begin to pour down my forehead. But she was absolutely perfect.

Absolutely perfect.

In my arms, she was so tiny. Was Sophia always this small? Before I can ask, she stops me with a kiss. Any kind of comprehensible thought in my brain stops and all I can do is react.

To kiss her when she kisses me back.

To slip off that one-piece off her shoulder.

"Are you sure?" I ask her hoarsely.

She nods softly and I give in.
> You she's gone
It was out of nowhere.

"Sophia?" The side of the bed that belonged to her was empty. It was so cold that she must have left a long time ago. "Sophia, where are you?"

Phone calls that were never answered. Family members that would shut the door in my face.

Sophia vanished off the face of the Earth so easily, it was almost like she wasn't there in the first place.

But whenever that terrible thought crosses my mind, I remember. Those nights she fell asleep in my arm. Those nights she held me close.

That night when she was finally mine.

It would be months before I found out what happened to her.
> You watch her recorded message
"Hey stranger." Sophia's familiar face, that beautiful face that haunted my every dream and memory, finally appeared. "I guess I have a lot of explaining to do."

She sighed softly and shook her head slightly. "I wanted to tell you...a million times. Everyday, I wanted to tell you. That day I got diagnosed, all I could think of was how I could tell you."

She paused and for a second, her chin trembles. Her bangs covering her eyes so I can't possibly see them. But she takes a second to breathe in and looks up with a smile. "I guess I wanted to be selfish in the end. I'm sorry about that. But, I wanted to be with you. Every day, I wanted to be with you. I knew...that the treatment had such little chance of working and I'd never get to see you and I was so scared and..."

Tears fill her eyes and I can tell she's widening them as much as possible so not a single tear falls. Before it can possibly fall, she places both her fingers on her cheeks and smiles widely. "Please, forgive me? I want you to remember me like this. Healthy and always, loving you."

The tape ended and I looked through the box. There were only one piece of notebook paper.

Was it her handwriting? Or was it someone else?

All it said was a hospital and a room number.
> You go see her one last time
The hospital was completely empty by the time I got there and the visiting hours were long over. It was sheer luck that I knew one of the nurses, someone who had known both me and Sophia since childhood.

Even Emily had known about this...why was I the only person left out?

I had a million questions I wanted to ask her. They were are burning on the tip of my lips, but they were soon forgotten the moment I saw Sophia. Or what remained of Sophia as she lay quietly on the hospital bed.

"You...came." Her words were barely audible from the oxygen machine tubing and I can't tell if the trembling is from emotion or the exertion necessary to force the words out "I...knew...you...would."

My knees keep buckling, but I somehow manage to stand. I can't let her see me act any different.

At the very least, she deserves that.

"I wanted to see you." I force a smile and taste salty tears. 

Damn.

"Why?" She shifts her eyes sadly "I...look...awful."

Leaning forward to grab her hand, that soft fragile hand that now feels like a thin bag of bones, I tell her "You've always been the most beautiful thing I've ever seen."

"Liar." A tiny smile cracked her lips. They were so pale, her entire body was so pale that it seemed like all the color was sucked out of her by those infernal tubes.

"I mean it." I gently squeeze her hand and smile back for real this time "I could never lie to you."

She laughed slightly, but the laugh ends in a coughing fit. I can't do anything.

Not a single thing to save her.

"Hey..." Sophia smiled softly, her dark emerald eyes locked onto mine "Can you tell me one last story?"
> A story from childhood
"Hey!" Sophia was bouncing off the walls "You never answered my question."

She pouted slightly and I couldn't help but smile. Smile that I got to spend the day with Sophia and smile because she had asked the question I always wanted to hear.

"The girl I like?" I pause dramatically "She's got to be special, not the kind of girl you'd find anywhere."

Sophia stuck her tongue out "That didn't answer the question."

Looking down with a grin, I can't help but wonder how specific I should get at this point. I always knew who the only girl was for me in the end after all.

"It doesn't matter actually." I look up at Sophia and laugh "She's way out of my league." 

Her jaw dropped and for a second she paused in the middle of the side walk.

"Sophia?" I look back to see her turning bright red and gripping her hands.

"I can be better than her." She looked back at me with determined eyes "I can be a much better girl for you than that girl!" 

I probably should have told you that I was just describing you to yourself. But being a young boy doesn't mean I always give the most mature responses.

"Whatever." Walking away with a nonchalant air, I can't help but be relieved she can't see the huge silly grin on my face.

As I was telling the story, Sophia's hand was slowly falling out of mine. No matter how tightly I held her hand, there was no strength left.

Her eyes were closed and they would never open.

She was gone.

"Sophia?" I whisper "It was you. It was always you."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The hospital was completely empty by the time I got there and the visiting hours were long over. It was sheer luck that I knew one of the nurses, someone who had known both me and Sophia since childhood.

Even Emily had known about this...why was I the only person left out?

I had a million questions I wanted to ask her. They were are burning on the tip of my lips, but they were soon forgotten the moment I saw Sophia. Or what remained of Sophia as she lay quietly on the hospital bed.

"You...came." Her words were barely audible from the oxygen machine tubing and I can't tell if the trembling is from emotion or the exertion necessary to force the words out "I...knew...you...would."

My knees keep buckling, but I somehow manage to stand. I can't let her see me act any different.

At the very least, she deserves that.

"I wanted to see you." I force a smile and taste salty tears. 

Damn.

"Why?" She shifts her eyes sadly "I...look...awful."

Leaning forward to grab her hand, that soft fragile hand that now feels like a thin bag of bones, I tell her "You've always been the most beautiful thing I've ever seen."

"Liar." A tiny smile cracked her lips. They were so pale, her entire body was so pale that it seemed like all the color was sucked out of her by those infernal tubes.

"I mean it." I gently squeeze her hand and smile back for real this time "I could never lie to you."

She laughed slightly, but the laugh ends in a coughing fit. I can't do anything.

Not a single thing to save her.

"Hey..." Sophia smiled softly, her dark emerald eyes locked onto mine "Can you tell me one last story?"
> A story from teenage years
"You're heavy!" I groan heavily, but that only made Sophia hug me more tightly from behind. She was actually as light as a feather, but I liked how she would tighten her grip every time I complained.

"Mmm...do you hate girls like me?" Suddenly, her voice grew sad and I can tell she's still worried about what had happened earlier. It wasn't her fault that every guy was surrounding her like a piece of meat, but it still made me angry thinking about how they undressed her with their eyes.

Even back then, she was mine.

It wasn't something I questioned. Just like she never had to question that I was hers.

That's just how it was and how it'd always be.

"Hey! You never answered!" Sophia gently hit the back of my shoulder "What kind of girl do you like?"

"Hmm..." I paused with a silly smile "I guess I like shorter hair"

Actually, it didn't matter to me. She'd look just as beautiful bald in my eyes.

"Hmph." Sophia turned and pouted "Well, so do I."

I know she didn't care either.

But the next day, we both got haircuts.

"Just a coincidence?" I ask her skeptically as she tied her hair in a tiny ponytail.

"Just a coincidence." She agrees as I absent-mindedly tug at my short buzz cut.

As I was telling the story, Sophia's hand was slowly falling out of mine. No matter how tightly I held her hand, there was no strength left.

Her eyes were closed and they would never open.

She was gone.

"Sophia?" I whisper "It really wasn't a coincidence."

Nothing about you and me was a coincidence.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Hey stranger." Sophia's familiar face, that beautiful face that haunted my every dream and memory, finally appeared. "I guess I have a lot of explaining to do."

She sighed softly and shook her head slightly. "I wanted to tell you...a million times. Everyday, I wanted to tell you. That day I got diagnosed, all I could think of was how I could tell you."

She paused and for a second, her chin trembles. Her bangs covering her eyes so I can't possibly see them. But she takes a second to breathe in and looks up with a smile. "I guess I wanted to be selfish in the end. I'm sorry about that. But, I wanted to be with you. Every day, I wanted to be with you. I knew...that the treatment had such little chance of working and I'd never get to see you and I was so scared and..."

Tears fill her eyes and I can tell she's widening them as much as possible so not a single tear falls. Before it can possibly fall, she places both her fingers on her cheeks and smiles widely. "Please, forgive me? I want you to remember me like this. Healthy and always, loving you."

The tape ended and I looked through the box. There were only one piece of notebook paper.

Was it her handwriting? Or was it someone else?

All it said was a hospital and a room number.
> You go back to your special hideaway
I had to listen to her last request.

My eyelids were so heavy that it felt as though they were glued shut, I was surrounded by darkness that I could see and feel with every inch of my being.   But oddly enough, I wasn’t scared.

“Really, you came here?” A gentle voice wrapped around me and I felt a familiar happiness that I hadn’t felt in the longest time.  The sweetest scent of cinnamon mint entered my mouth and a pair of the softest lips brushed against mine.  So soft at first that I can barely feel it, but she leans in closer and already I’m melting into a happiness that had long disappeared one terrible night long ago.

“I…don’t want to wake up if it’s a dream.” Mumbling, my eyes feel a lot less heavy but I’m too scared to open them.  Too many times I’ve talked with Sophia and open my eyes to see an open space. “If this is a dream, I don’t ever want to wake up.”

“Hmmm….” I can hear a teasing smile in her voice, that soft and gentle voice that ran circles in my head every day since she left “how can I prove to you this isn’t a dream then?”

“Stay with me.” Immediately, the words I could never say before finally fall from my lips. “Don’t ever leave me again.”

Silence.  Then I felt her warmth spread through my arm as she gently nestled her head against my shoulder, leaning her body close to mine as she wrapped her arms around my neck.  I clung to her like a drowning man would cling to the only piece of ship; I clung to her like she was the only existence in this darkness, which to me was the truth.

Trailing my fingers against her soft cheek, that tiny slope on the back of her neck, I felt as though I was falling.  I was falling and I didn’t, no…I couldn’t stop.  If I stopped, if I let her go…at that moment it felt as though some part of me must have known.  Known that this was going to be the last dream, the last kiss, the last time Sophia would ever be able to fulfill my only wish.


The tips of her fingers slowly tracing words on the back of my neck, at first I jumped before slowly closing my eyes. Even though this isn’t real…the cool darkness is feeling less lonely, less unbearably lonely by the second.

“I…love you…” Her fingers slowly traced the words over and over again, but it didn’t take long for the words to fill my back as though the words had taken on an entirely new life of their own. Warm…it was so warm… A sigh danced lightly upon my lips before I quickly swallowed it back, savoring what little warmth that carelessly lingered by.

“Bye...” Before I can open my eyes, I feel a pair of lips that had long lost any semblance of warmth press so gently against my back that when I opened my eyes and softly pressed the tips of my fingers to the exact spot her lips had touched, it was already gone.  The air had already stolen it away, a kiss that never existed to begin with.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Hey stranger." Sophia's familiar face, that beautiful face that haunted my every dream and memory, finally appeared. "I guess I have a lot of explaining to do."

She sighed softly and shook her head slightly. "I wanted to tell you...a million times. Everyday, I wanted to tell you. That day I got diagnosed, all I could think of was how I could tell you."

She paused and for a second, her chin trembles. Her bangs covering her eyes so I can't possibly see them. But she takes a second to breathe in and looks up with a smile. "I guess I wanted to be selfish in the end. I'm sorry about that. But, I wanted to be with you. Every day, I wanted to be with you. I knew...that the treatment had such little chance of working and I'd never get to see you and I was so scared and..."

Tears fill her eyes and I can tell she's widening them as much as possible so not a single tear falls. Before it can possibly fall, she places both her fingers on her cheeks and smiles widely. "Please, forgive me? I want you to remember me like this. Healthy and always, loving you."

The tape ended and I looked through the box. There were only one piece of notebook paper.

Was it her handwriting? Or was it someone else?

All it said was a hospital and a room number.
> You this tape isn't real.
I close my eyes and hear that odd static noise I've noticed before and tried to ignore.

"You don't want this to be the end?" A soft and silky voice asks. It's not Sophia's voice, but it sounds oddly familiar. Like a younger version that had both her and me mixed in.

"I don't, of course I don't." Opening my eyes, I see the carbon copy of Sophia as a young child. The only difference was her eyes were clear. This child wasn't Sophia.

"Who are you?"

She smiled happily, hugging a familiar teddy bear. "You can't recognize your own child? What kind of a daddy do I have?"

The surroundings are different and for some reason, I feel older. My bones are creaky and when I reach up to touch my chin, I feel a grizzled beard.

"What...is going on?" My head is swirrling and at this point, she could have told me that I was dead and I would have believed her. 

Instead, the little child replied "You can change the past daddy. If you're willing to lose this future."

Her arms were so tightly wrapped around her tiny body, but her voice didn't waver.

As though she already knew my answer.
> You you'll change it.
"You can't have everything."

The little girl was melting away, her smile still firmly in place. The ground shakes and all of a sudden, I wake in a beautiful open space. It was as close to heaven as I could picture it, minus the floating angels and clouds.

"What do you mean?" I shout to the sky, but there is no response. Instead, I can only see two lakes ahead of me. One had a sign labeled "Save Sophia" and the other had a sign labeled "Save your child."

It was a trade.

I had to trade one for the other.

"You..." I'm not even sure who I'm speaking to at this moment "can't possibly be serious?"
> You have to save your child.
Hitting the ground with a thud, I can hear my phone vibrate. Emily was with Sophia at her last moments and it turned out there was a baby. "She's premature and hanging on by a thread, but a beautiful baby..."

"Girl."

"...Did Sophia tell you she was pregnant?"

"It doesn't matter." I stand up and start running towards the car. "I've got to see her."

It was months before they let me take her home. Sara was hanging on by a thread for days, but she was strong like her mother. Her body was so small, everyone thought she wasn't going to make it.

But, I always knew better.

"Hey there." Gently rocking her back and forth, I felt Sara softly nuzzle against my neck. "You don't like sleeping alone?"

She gurgles appreciatively and I hold her closely.

"It's okay, I'm here."

As I close my eyes, I smell the familiar scent of cinnamon mint. Just a hint in the wind.

As though maybe, Sophia was here too.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"You can't have everything."

The little girl was melting away, her smile still firmly in place. The ground shakes and all of a sudden, I wake in a beautiful open space. It was as close to heaven as I could picture it, minus the floating angels and clouds.

"What do you mean?" I shout to the sky, but there is no response. Instead, I can only see two lakes ahead of me. One had a sign labeled "Save Sophia" and the other had a sign labeled "Save your child."

It was a trade.

I had to trade one for the other.

"You..." I'm not even sure who I'm speaking to at this moment "can't possibly be serious?"
> You have to save Sophia
Hitting the ground with a thud, I can hear my phone vibrate. Emily was with Sophia at the hospital and for some miraculous reason, she was recovering. Slowly but surely, Sophia was responding to treatment.

"But..." Emily's voice grew sad "She lost baby."

A loud silence engulfed the two of us and all I can say is "I'll be there. Tell Sophia, I'll be there."

It was months before Sophia would speak. She would cry every day, even when she had barely the strength to breathe. All I could do was be with her, hold her whenever she cried, and wonder.

Was it a dream?

"Hey...." Sophia looked at me with her deep emerald eyes "can you believe we're married?"

I look at her and feel like I can't believe anything. Leaning forward to kiss her on her lips, I can only smile as she kisses me back.

"Hey you two lovebirds, don't forget about the wedding cake!" Emily laughed as she happily brought Sophia and I to the table.

"Why does my figure have such a weird expression?" I laugh as Sophia gently holds my hand and a knife.

"Hehe, you always have that expression." She laughs and for a moment, a brief moment, my life was perfect.

.

..

...

....

But don't tell me you forgot the price you paid for this happiness?
> The Price Paid
"Hey, how are you doing?" Sophia's sister hugs her tightly as we slowly make our way to the graveyard.

The place where our child was buried.

We first went after the hospital stay, clothed only in the darkest black and funeral attire. The whitest roses adorned her grave. It was there we all made the solemn vow to return there the day...that terrible day...she died.

"It's always tough coming here." Sophia admitted softly, her voice crackling slightly "But...it helps."

We now dressed up in bright clothing. Not because we were happy, but...wouldn't it be a shame? If our only daughter saw us in dark funeral garb each time?

"Hey, I heard the good news. When are you due? Did you find out whether it's going to be a boy or a girl?" Sophia's sister had a growing smile and finally a smile appeared on Sophia's face.

"We've got at least a year to go. But, he's sure for some reason it's a girl. A beautiful girl who has both of our eyes."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Let me draw around you." I stare back at her and she smiled back at me. Her eyes were still cloudy and before I can say anything else, she eagerly stands up and nods her head.

"Wait a second." She runs into the closet and grabs a dress. But before I can say anything, she changes out of her Christmas attire and into the dress she picked out of the closet. It was so quickly, you could blink and miss it.

"How did...?" Before I can ask another question, my mind goes to static. It must be the wine, surely I had too much to drink. "Just sit down there."

She sits down eagerly and I carefully draw clouds behind her.

After taking a picture, she turns to me and asks "why clouds?

 "They fit." I can't think clearly. Not when she was so close to me.  Looking down and breathing that familiar cinnamon mint.

What should I do?
> You look away
I'm not supposed to be here? I look to the side and all of a sudden, I see her.

Sophia...and me?

"God, get a room you too!" Angie, Sophia's sister, was always teasing us.

"C'mon, it's sweet." Stephanie laughed.

"Yeah, it's sweet how whipped he is." Alex smirked as he looked to the sky.

How is this possible? Unless...

Green eyed girl, why are you crying?

Did the world treat you badly enough to feel like dying?

This happened before.

Yes.

If I'm here, where is she?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Tell me a secret." Sophia's voice is a little sluggish and for a second, I wonder if it was the wisest decision opening up that bottle of christmas wine.

"I never keep any secrets from you." I answer and honestly, there is nothing I could possibly hide from Sophia. She knew everything about me. All it took was one stare from her and I was completely transparent.

But Sophia was different. It was like there was a veil, a impenetrable veil between her and me. I could tell by her eyes. Those beautiful emerald eyes that told no secrets and held no lies.

"Everybody has secrets." She leaned forward and all I can do is stare back at her. The Christmas light gave her silver hair a light pink tint, or maybe my mind was finally going a little crazy. She was like a drug I couldn't stop taking.

But was it the same for her?

"Tell me yours." I want to say those words. But maybe I knew the answer and I didn't want to hear it.

Maybe I knew if I did, this would be all over.

"Hey, can you draw me?"
> You draw in every color
It makes her seem more alive.

"Let me draw around you." I stare back at her and she smiled back at me. Her eyes were still cloudy and before I can say anything else, she eagerly stands up and nods her head.

"Wait a second." She runs into the closet and grabs a dress. But before I can say anything, she changes out of her Christmas attire and into the dress she picked out of the closet. It was so quickly, you could blink and miss it.

"How did...?" Before I can ask another question, my mind goes to static. It must be the wine, surely I had too much to drink. "Just sit down there."

She sits down eagerly and I carefully draw flowers around her.

After taking a picture, she turns to me and asks "Why flowers?

 "They fit." I can't think clearly. Not when she was so close to me.  Looking down and breathing that familiar cinnamon mint.

But when I blink, I hear static. The world goes to black and all of a sudden, I'm lying on my back in the house. Again...why does this feel so familiar?
> You walk outside
There were flowers lining the pathway.

 "Sophia?" I ask gingerly, as though everything made sense. It didn't, it was a convoluted mess. But, somehow I knew that something was wrong. 

"Can I go?" She asks me softly and for a second, I see a light linger on her chest. So brightly, I can't believe I didn't see it in the first place.

"Go where? Are you holding a flashlight?" I ask her, but there is no conviction in my words. As though I was a bad actor reading from a silly script.

"I need to rest. Or do you need me?"

The static noise was getting so loud that I could barely hear her soft and silky voice. The familiar scent of cinnamon mint is now overpowering me and I feel so sick that it is a miracle I don't vomit.

"What if I was selfish?" I can't help but ask her "What can I do to keep you with me?"

She smiled sadly "Just give me a flower. I need to rewind."

This isn't a funny joke. If it was a joke. My mind can't think straight because of that damn static noise. I have to make a choice and I just....
> You let her go
"Thank you." A huge smile broke free on Sophia's face and I could hear all the relief in the world in those two words.

She let go of her hands and now I can finally see. That light, that bright light was shining from within.

Sophia...you aren't really with me?

Her body begins to fade slowly. Her hands are the first to go, then the legs, and then the torso.

The last time I see before she disappears completely is a smile. Her beautiful smile as she disappeared completely from my side.

Looking down at my hands, I see a well worn tape.

Did I see this tape? 

Does it matter?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>There were flowers lining the pathway.

 "Sophia?" I ask gingerly, as though everything made sense. It didn't, it was a convoluted mess. But, somehow I knew that something was wrong. 

"Can I go?" She asks me softly and for a second, I see a light linger on her chest. So brightly, I can't believe I didn't see it in the first place.

"Go where? Are you holding a flashlight?" I ask her, but there is no conviction in my words. As though I was a bad actor reading from a silly script.

"I need to rest. Or do you need me?"

The static noise was getting so loud that I could barely hear her soft and silky voice. The familiar scent of cinnamon mint is now overpowering me and I feel so sick that it is a miracle I don't vomit.

"What if I was selfish?" I can't help but ask her "What can I do to keep you with me?"

She smiled sadly "Just give me a flower. I need to rewind."

This isn't a funny joke. If it was a joke. My mind can't think straight because of that damn static noise. I have to make a choice and I just....
> You pick up a flower for her
I pick the flower so quickly that I don't even stop to look at her face. But when I look up and see her expression, already I feel like I made a terrible mistake.

"Thank you." She smiles back at me, but her eyes don't light up the way I expected them to.

"Thank you." I repeat as I watch the light fade slowly from her chest.

She's back to normal now.

The tape can be played.

Suddenly I hear the static noise start up again and Sophia starts to walk away. Her face has a knowing smile, a smile that won't reach up to her eyes.

Those eyes won't hold a light anymore.

Green eyed girl, why are you crying?

Did the world treat you badly enough to feel like dying?

I'm sorry Sophia.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Her jaw dropped.

"I'll prove you wrong!" She said in a teasing voice, but I saw the fire of determination in her eyes. Sophia was the type of person who would do anything if she said it.

She was special like that.

But the next day, when we were enjoying an order of sherbert, I could tell that Sophia wanted a bite. Her eyes lit up and I could see her fingers tapping impatiently on her sides.

"Eat up, it's delicious." I enthusiastically take a bite of mine, but she shakes her head. Her eyes never leaving the bowl of sherbert.

It was like there were an angel and a devil on her shoulder. Both whispering encouragement.

"He's too nice to mention that statement you made." The angel advised Sophia while the devil laughed heartily and whispered "He's just waiting for you to take a bite and then he'll mention it."

"They're both wrong." I accidently say out loud and after Sophia shoots me a quizzical stare, I lift my hands up and swear "I meant to say, you're a complete twig. Please, don't let delicious sherbert go to waste because of my drawing."

She laughed and nibbled at the bowl. At the time, I thought maybe she was feeling nevous or wasn't hungry. I should have noticed how rail thin her arms were even then. How easily the bone stuck out and how fragile her entire body was beginning to become.

Maybe if I had noticed, I could have saved her.
> You spooky Delights
"You look great!" I can't speak well with the fake vampire teeth in my mouth, but I manage to at least sound somewhat understandable.

But Sophia was staring at her reflection in the mirror with an odd expression.  It wasn't an expression I remember seeing before. Her eyes were wide and a strange fascination lit those beautiful emerald eyes.

"....so this is how I'd look in the end." The words were spoken so softly I could barely hear them. An odd feeling of trepidation filled me and I couldn't let the silence fill up the space between us.

"Yeah, undead buddy!" I lean heavily against her shoulder and for a moment, I feel her crumple against my weight. Luckily, I kept most of my weight on my other leg and manage to regain my balance before we both topple over. "Sheesh Sophia, you used to be able to carry me on your back!"

"We were kids back then! Things...change." She bit her lip as she said those last two words. As though they were the beginning words to a torrent of others that would ruin everything.

I hated that. I mean, I was getting used to those odd silences, those secrets that were forming between her and me.  But that night, I wanted it to be over. But that night, Sophia still wouldn't look away from her reflection.

That reflection of a girl long dead.
> You winter Dreams
"It's freezing!" Sophia's complaint sounded like music to my ears. It gave me the perfect excuse to sneak up behind her and wrap my arms around hers.

 "You're cold!" She yelped and tossed me quickly to the side.

"Ouch, isn't body heat supposed to help?" I exaggeratedly rub my sides, but she's shivering so badly that I stop.

"It helps only when the person doesn't have ice on them as well." She pouts sadly, her breath softly floating in the air in a tiny stream.

"Here." Sighing heavily, I hand over my only coat and feel instantly the air freeze around me.

"Why'd you do that?" I look over at Sophia, but she's not moving. All of a sudden, the scene froze around me.

"Who's there?" I yell, but the voice chuckles. 

Why does it sound so familar?

"Let's forward this scene. Do you remember how you drew her?"

A female's voice...it was a female's voice. That's all I can remember as the world fades to black.
> You have her pose as a wild child
"Is this wild enough?"  Sophia laughed, her hair dramatically gelled to one side and her body seductively tilted in my direction.

"Fine, but you have to hold that position the entire time." I shoot back, smiling at the look of horror on her face.

"You owe me a backrub. And a foot massage."

"And a kiss?" I shoot back hopefully.

She smiled back at me and replied simply "Go for it."

It was getting a bit hard to breathe. Like I wasn't supposed to be in this room. Like I wasn't supposed to be with her.

"Hey...are you okay?" Her concerned voice sounds so far away. I shake my head and suddenly the static noise stops ringing in my ears.

"Sophia..." The words slip out my lips easily.

What should I do?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"It's freezing!" Sophia's complaint sounded like music to my ears. It gave me the perfect excuse to sneak up behind her and wrap my arms around hers.

 "You're cold!" She yelped and tossed me quickly to the side.

"Ouch, isn't body heat supposed to help?" I exaggeratedly rub my sides, but she's shivering so badly that I stop.

"It helps only when the person doesn't have ice on them as well." She pouts sadly, her breath softly floating in the air in a tiny stream.

"Here." Sighing heavily, I hand over my only coat and feel instantly the air freeze around me.

"Why'd you do that?" I look over at Sophia, but she's not moving. All of a sudden, the scene froze around me.

"Who's there?" I yell, but the voice chuckles. 

Why does it sound so familar?

"Let's forward this scene. Do you remember how you drew her?"

A female's voice...it was a female's voice. That's all I can remember as the world fades to black.
> You have her pose elegantly
"What do you think?"  Sophia wore only a silk blue wrap, so thin that barely anything was hidden from view. 

She looked like Aphrodite

"Amazing." 

A warm blush spread across her face. "C'mon draw, that way it'll last forever.

The way she said those words...like forever was impossible. Wait a second, did she say those words?

Static noise rises in the background and suddenly I have to lean my head against my knees.It was getting a bit hard to breathe. Like I wasn't supposed to be in this room. Like I wasn't supposed to be with her.

"Hey...are you okay?" Her concerned voice sounds so far away. I shake my head and suddenly the static noise stops ringing in my ears.

"Sophia..." The words slip out my lips easily.

What should I do?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It was surprisingly easy to sketch and only took a few hours to ink. By then, Sophia had long finished her art project and was waiting impatiently.

"Here you are." I smile innocently as she stared at the little chibi version of herself eating a huge cupcake.

"Hey!" She's smiling as she knocks my shoulder "that's how you really see me?"

"Exactly."

"Hmm..." She leans down and her hair grazes my arm. Soft and silky, I want to scratch at my arm all of a sudden but a bigger part of me just wants to stay still. Just in case the slightest movement scares her off. "Do I really eat sweets all the time?"
> You say "I was just kidding."
Sophia didn't look convinced.

"Here." I quickly reveal my second sketch, the real reason I had kept her waiting for so long. "I think this one is more like you."

"I still have a sweet in my hand!" She laughed, knocking her shoulder against mine. It was that moment when I noticed how thin she was becoming. Her shoulders were beautiful, every part of her was. But, they were so thin. So incredibly thin that it felt like she'd break into a million pieces if I wasn't careful enough.

"For someone else though." I smile back "Remember? The last time you baked a tray of cupcakes?"

"Last month?" Sophia always made the same face when she was thinking back. Her forehead would crinkle just slightly in the middle and she'd tilt her head to the right. "Why?"

"You made twelve and gave away twelve." I poke her gently in the belly "This thing barely exist."

"I eat a lot." Sophia's voice cracks a little bit more than normal and for long moment, an awkward silence lingers. As though I had mentioned something that couldn't be mentioned.

As though I was reminding her of something she wanted to forget.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I can do this." Sophia was determinedly chewing away on her spare pencil as she erased her sketching. The deadline was moved up and she was staying up all night.

"You need to rest. C'mon, the bed is soft and comfy."

"You can go without me." She doesn't even shift her gaze off the paper. "I'm going to finish this."

I already knew what she would say before she said it. Most nights, I would go ahead and impatiently wait for her to slip next to me. But tonight, I wanted to be next to her. I had to do something while I waited.

"Let me show off." I make a big show of getting some pens and markers."I'll draw you just as I see you."

A tiny smile appeared on her lips as she answered "I'll be looking forward to it."
> You draw Her Pretty
It was surprisingly easy to sketch and only took a few hours to ink. By then, Sophia had long finished her art project and was waiting impatiently.

"Here you are." I smile innocently as she stared at  herself nibbling on fruits covered in chocolate.

"Hey!" She's smiling as she knocks my shoulder "that's how you really see me?"

"Exactly."

"Hmm..." She leans down and her hair grazes my arm. Soft and silky, I want to scratch at my arm all of a sudden but a bigger part of me just wants to stay still. Just in case the slightest movement scares her off. "Do I really eat sweets all the time?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>She was only wearing adornments in her hair, the rest of Sophia was clad just as she was born. We had actually taken baths together when we were kids. Back then, I couldn't realize how stunningly beautiful she always was. 

"Always remember..please." I can't quite hear the words she's whispering though. I can only catch fragments. Her beautiful emerald eyes won't open though. They won't look back into mine anymore and for some reason, that terrifies me.

Leaning forward, my fingers barely graze her arm when I shudder. Her skin is cold, ice cold. Even though she has a rosy blush and her body looks perfect, she feels like a corpse. A beautiful talking corpse of the girl of my dreams.

"Please...forgive me...." Her lips keep moving and I feel afraid. Like I'm remembering something I don't want to remember.

Like the moment I remember, she'll be gone.

Green eyed girl, why are you crying?

Did the world treat you badly enough to feel like dying?

Stop it. I shake my head and look down at my hands. My hands that were empty before are now filled with...
> A toy turtle
How many times did I have to drag her to the swimming pool? Probably a million. I loved being her life preserver, but there were always haunted houses and scary movies to replace the old swimming days. 

Plus, what if she was all alone in a pool by herself?

"I can't believe you finally know how to swim." We both resurface and I smile back at her. She grins back and eagerly dives into the ocean.

Wait, how much time has passed?

I quickly dive in and see her watching a group of turtles swim beneath her feeth. Her hair floating in the air softly around her peaceful face.

Why did she only look peaceful at moments like these?

We both resurface, gasping for air. After heading off to the beach to dry off, I can hear the hooting and hollering of the local boys. Sophia always got a lot of interest wherever she went, it should have been something I have gotten used to by now. But my face turns a telltale red and Sophia asks teasingly "What, are you jealous?"
> You say "Of course I get jealous."
It wasn't easy to say, but it was the truth.

"Why?" She flashed me a brillant grin as she carefully dried off her hair. "You know I only have eyes for you."

I want to avert my face so she can't see that huge grin that spreads on my face, but she caught it anyways. "I hate seeing them around you though." 

"Why?" She walks up close to me, her body still dripping water. That familiar scent of cinnamon mint, I'd breathe it in all day long if I could.

"They're always all over you."I look away with a pout. Partially to make my point, partially to catch my breath.

"Hey." She stops me with her hand and turns my head towards her. "Even when they're around, I don't see them. I only see you."

"Always?" I can't help but ask.

She smiles, but there is a hint of sadness as she replies "Well...as long as always can last."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>How many times did I have to drag her to the swimming pool? Probably a million. I loved being her life preserver, but there were always haunted houses and scary movies to replace the old swimming days. 

Plus, what if she was all alone in a pool by herself?

"I can't believe you finally know how to swim." We both resurface and I smile back at her. She grins back and eagerly dives into the ocean.

Wait, how much time has passed?

I quickly dive in and see her watching a group of turtles swim beneath her feeth. Her hair floating in the air softly around her peaceful face.

Why did she only look peaceful at moments like these?

We both resurface, gasping for air. After heading off to the beach to dry off, I can hear the hooting and hollering of the local boys. Sophia always got a lot of interest wherever she went, it should have been something I have gotten used to by now. But my face turns a telltale red and Sophia asks teasingly "What, are you jealous?"
> You say "Why would I get jealous?"
"Hmmm?" Sophia looked closely at my face and I immediately blushed under her scrutiny. "Really?"

"Really." I insist, despite my blush burning more than ever.

She tossed on a shirt lazily and stretched dramatically. I can't think of a single pair of eyes that wasn't glued to her.

"C'mon, stop it."

"I thought you weren't jealous!" Sophia teased back, but then she sat down next to me. "You know I only have eyes for you."

I want to avert my face so she can't see that huge grin that spreads on my face, but she caught it anyways. "I hate it when they look at you though."

"Why?" She walks up close to me, her body still dripping water. That familiar scent of cinnamon mint, I'd breathe it in all day long if I could.

"They're always all over you."I look away with a pout. Partially to make my point, partially to catch my breath.

"Hey." She stops me with her hand and turns my head towards her. "Even when they're around, I don't see them. I only see you."

"Always?" I can't help but ask.

She smiles, but there is a hint of sadness as she replies "Well...as long as always can last."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I couldn't help it.

My arm was already being used by her as a pillow. I kept my eyes closed and hugged her closely. Her body was incredibly soft. She fit perfectly against me and was so close that I could feel every bit of her on top of me. I've probably hugged Sophia a million times when I was younger. But tonight was different, everything felt different.

"Hey..." Her soft scent of cinnamon mint wafted over me "You can't be without me?" 

The way she asked that question was strange. It was a question she had asked me a million times before. But tonight, it sounded like there was a hitch in her voice, an accidental slip.

"You know the answer." I can't help but smile goofily at Sophia. Even though I know neither one of us are directly addressing the issue at hand, the kiss or the accidental biting of her lips, if you wanted to get more specific.

"Would you miss me?" A slighly lonely expression still lingered on her face "If I was gone?"
> You say "Are you going somewhere?"
I can't help but ask. The way Sophia's been acting, it makes me feel like there's a little pit forming in the bottom of my stomach. Like she's planning to leave. Leave to somewhere I can't possibly follow.

"Ah..." A shadow crosses her face and before she can hide it, a flicker of sadness shows. As though she was caught. "We're all going somewhere eventually. 

That's not an answer though.

I want to press further, but she won't look me in the face. As though she knows and I know that any other question would ruin everything.

Why is that?

I try to think and can only hear an odd static sound.

"I've got to go." Sophia starts to walk away and I walk next to her, holding her hand.

I guess I was hopeful she'd explain what she meant.

 But the entire time, she didn't say a single word.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>To this day, I don't know how I had the courage to do it. For anyone thinking movies portray a first kiss correctly, then I'm very sorry to let you all down. Because as I leaned forward to kiss the girl of my dreams, I watch her blank expression only turn to a look of complete surprise. I kept waiting for the moment where her eyes closed and a blush spread across those perfect angular cheeks, but she looked like she had seen a ghost.  All I could do was close my eyes and very quickly kiss her lightly on the lips, a kiss where I'm fairly certain my teeth had been exposed accidently and gave her a slight bite instead of a caress.

For a girl who smells just like cinnamon mint, she tasted completely different. She must have drank cherry soda at lunch because my first kiss tasted exactly like cherry coke. Sweet with a sparkle of electricity running through my system. There was even a buzzing noise...wait a second, what?

"I...have to go." Before I could open my eyes, I can hear Sophia open her cell phone and feel her entire demeanor change. It was not a friendly everyday text message, not at all.

Open your eyes you idiot! I want so badly to see her expression, I do. But there is something so terrifyingly vulnerable about this moment, this magical moment when I finally got to kiss Sophia that makes opening my eyes suddenly impossible. By the time I manage to get the strength, she's gone. Her running figure making me all the more curious as to what could possibly have been sent in that annoying text.

Mentally, I had a much different reaction from her. She was smiling back into my eyes with a growing smile, one that was nearly as wide as mine.

"Hey!" Before I can fully sink into the ground in my misery, I hear Sophia's voice. She's far enough that I can't quite see her face, but I hear her perfectly. "Leave your window unlocked!"

A wave of relief rushes over me and I try not to grin like an idiot.

Tried and probably failed miserably.

That night, I didn't sleep a wink. Not when I heard the window slowly creak open and feel Sophia slowly slip right next to me.  
> You sleep Innocently
I didn't want to risk it.

Falling asleep next to her was the epitome of suffering. I mean, the most wonderful possible suffering there is, but still...suffering.

How could I sleep?

She lay on top of me with her tiny body, her arms wrapped gently around my waist. That familiar scent of cinnamon mint wafting into my nose and overwhelming my senses.

As I stared up at her beautiful face, I could see a tiny drool slowly leak out of her mouth. I laughed gently, but could hear her softly grumble as her pillow (me) shifted around and made her spot less comfortable.

What if things were different?

Let's change the story now.

What if I could save her?
> You say "Let's go away."
"It's beautiful." Sophia's hair was down and gently swayed in the wind. A bright yellow shawl was wrapped around her shoulders and I felt completely enchanted.

"You shouldn't push yourself." I can't help but worry as she climbs eagerly over the mountain. "Didn't the doctor tell you to be careful?"

"Hmm...thanks Dad." Sophia teased me back and I laughed as I hear her scamper up the hill.

She was getting her strength back.

Thank God.

 Wait a second, I pause and look around me.

How did I get here?

But Sophia is calling me over and already that silly question fades into the background.

This is going to be different.

This time, I'll make sure of it.
> You that night Sophia surprised you.
"Do you like it?"

 I honestly never was a fan of chocolate as a kid.

Sophia blushed as she covered up the parts of her body that wasn't submerged in chocolate.

But in this case, I think things are about to change.

"How did you...?" I can't even comprehend how she pulled this off. The chocolate or the roses...

"In dreams, anything is possible." She smiled back at me and for a second, I pause.

Wait.

Is this a dream?

Does it matter?
> You fast Forward
"Daddy!" Sara tugged eagerly at my shoulder and I felt a wide grin break across my face. So many years had passed from that beautiful day.

So what if it was a dream?

"Did she put you up to this?"

"Mm-hm." Sara couldn't tell a lie.

"Well, I guess I better get up!" Smiling back at her, I wonder for a second how long this dream will last.

"Daddy? You're not trying to doze off...are you?"

Deep down, I know this can't be real.

"Of course not." Getting up with a laugh, I pick up Sara and Marley "I wouldn't miss this for the world."

"But Daddy..." Sara pouted "Don't you miss her?"

A chill went down my spine "What do you mean?"

She bit her lip "I meant...don't you miss Mommy?"

I can't even escape in my dreams, can I?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"How is this making up for anything?" Sophia huffed and puffed as she dilligently ran to keep up with my light jogging.

"Weren't you always complaining about how out of shape you've gotten?" I try to slow down to seem like I'm helping, but a little bit of me feels happy. Before it was always me desperately chasing her, doing anything to keep up.

"Okay...so I was a total mess today and I'm fat?" Sophia laughs incredulously, but a smile still lingers on her face. Like even she knew that her as a total mess was still stunningly beautiful and that any fat on her body would be perfectly placed so you wouldn't be able to tell that she eaten a few more slices of pie than what was wise.

"You know I didn't mean it that way." 

"Yeah, but you always say things that people misunderstand. You're going to get in a lot of trouble with girls if you don't shape up."

Apparently I was always being misunderstood by her. My dad always told me that you have to be ridiculously open to failure when it came to girls. Even though it was terrifying to make the first step, you'll make it if the girl is worth it and Sophia was worth it.

 It wasn't like I didn't try to give her signs. I always kept looking at her lips. Imagining how it would feel, how amazing it would feel to kiss them the first time...and the second...and the millionth.

"Hmm? " Sophia paused in front of me and leaned forward. Her face slightly covered with a sheen of sweat "Did you fall in love with me?" She laughed a little at the end, certain that I hadn't.

It was kinda suprising how clueless Sophia could be. Or maybe cruel would be a better word.
> You let it slide
"Coward." My little sister wasn't the type that minced her words, biting as they may be.

"You have to understand it from a guy's perspective." I shoot back "What if she pushed me away?"

"Sophia?" Emily laughed, her eyes stil glued to her NDS "Well, as long as we're playing the 'what if' scenarios...what if she didn't?"

"This doesn't help Em..." Leaning back with a heavy sigh, I ask "What can I do?"

"Run to her house with a boombox and play a song by Peter Gabriel?" Emily laughed "Or maybe you could visit her. Sophia texted me that she's sick and I think you can step it up and maybe change this."
> You visit her
"Why are you here?" Sophia's voice was stuffy and she was completely covered in tissues. I had to wipe away the mound to get to the pretty girl underneath.

"A little bird told me I had to bring chicken noodle soup and tea." I hold out the bag "It's your favorite kind."

"What a messed up little bird." Sophia grinned back, but her eyes still look miserable. "I didn't want you to see me like this."

Sitting down next to her, I had to smile. She was looking down and blushing as though she was a complete mess. But even as a mess, Sophia could make my heart skip a beat any day.

"I've seen you covered in mud before. Remember when we caught Freddy?"

"So you still remember how awful I looked even though it was years ago?" Sophia's eyes grew wide with horror. 

"C'mon, let me make up for this constant foot in my mouth." I plead with her.

She looks at me straightforwardly with those brillant emerald eyes. "How?"

Good question.
> You vacation
"This is amazing!" Sophia laughed and her bright smile matched mine as I stared back at her stunning emerald eyes.

 "I aim to please." I smile back and feel a wave of relief wash over me as she smiles back. It was a brillant idea, even if my wallet was weeping tears of Jeffersons and Franklins along the entire island.

"C'mon, we have to see everything." She tugged on my arm and for the entire day, we became one with the island. I ate enough pineapple to last me several lifetimes.

Finally when the sun was setting and fatigue kicked in, Sophia turned to me with a smile.

"I've got an idea." She laughed "Let's draw each other."
> You say "Okay."
"Stay still!"

 It was impossible to stay still when I could feel her eyes on me.

First, she would stare at my face. Then, my arms. Then, my neck.

It was enough to drive me crazy.

"Hey, you moved!" Sophia laughed and I snapped back into place.

Several hours passed before she was satisified, but that was Sophia. A perfectionist to the end, she could always find the tiniest flaws in her work that people would praise as masterpieces.

"C'mon, it's late." After she finished sketching, she was busy coloring in the lines. While I was happy to see the painting that caused the horrible crick in my neck to form, I wanted to see her, touch her, feel her.

All things that were impossible as she sat in that high chair.

"Hmm..." She looked back at me with questioning eyes "What are you going to do now?"
> You kiss Her
It was fate.

As I kissed her and she kissed me, it felt like I was sinking into the ground and just feeling everything along the way.

Soft. Silky. Smooth.

A taste of cinnamon mint.

A nibble of vanilla.

It was intoxicating.

My brain was turning into mush, even more so because it was so late at night.

The only question was whether or not I could stop.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Stay still!"

 It was impossible to stay still when I could feel her eyes on me.

First, she would stare at my face. Then, my arms. Then, my neck.

It was enough to drive me crazy.

"Hey, you moved!" Sophia laughed and I snapped back into place.

Several hours passed before she was satisified, but that was Sophia. A perfectionist to the end, she could always find the tiniest flaws in her work that people would praise as masterpieces.

"C'mon, it's late." After she finished sketching, she was busy coloring in the lines. While I was happy to see the painting that caused the horrible crick in my neck to form, I wanted to see her, touch her, feel her.

All things that were impossible as she sat in that high chair.

"Hmm..." She looked back at me with questioning eyes "What are you going to do now?"
> You walk Away
"Staying the same is best, isn't it?" I hold her hand as we walk down the hall. It was better not to be tempted...I don't want to make a mistake that would risk my friendship with her.

This was really for the best.

As I held her hand, I feel an odd sense of loss.

"It really is for the best." She agrees and for a second, I feel her squeeze back my hand.

Was her hand always this fragile?

It felt like the briefest touch would cause it to shatter into a million pieces.

Looking over at her, I want to believe that this is for the best.

Really...isn't it for the best? <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"This is amazing!" Sophia laughed and her bright smile matched mine as I stared back at her stunning emerald eyes.

 "I aim to please." I smile back and feel a wave of relief wash over me as she smiles back. It was a brillant idea, even if my wallet was weeping tears of Jeffersons and Franklins along the entire island.

"C'mon, we have to see everything." She tugged on my arm and for the entire day, we became one with the island. I ate enough pineapple to last me several lifetimes.

Finally when the sun was setting and fatigue kicked in, Sophia turned to me with a smile.

"I've got an idea." She laughed "Let's draw each other."
> You say "Can't we do something else?"
"Hmph."

Apparently, there was nothing else to do on this island.

"Hmph." Sophia sighed heavily again and I could see both Sophia and Angie staring at me from the corner of their eyes.

The entire time, Marley was blissfully yawning in the sunlight.

Lucky dog.

"C'mon, we can do other things." I try to hand out an olive branch.

"Psh, just go meet other girls." Angie pouted and i have to admit, she played the role of Sophia's sister as though it was her sole purpose in life. Even if it was completely overboard, she mirrored her mood to Sophia's mood. So no matter what, I couldn't ignore how Sophia was feeling.

Somehow, this felt like a lose-lose situation.
> You other girls?
They do exist, you know.

It wasn't like I was invisible to them either. Every now and then, I'd catch a girl looking over.

Although how you can really tell what girls are thinking is beyond me. Besides them traveling in packs, I only associated with them through Sophia. The only one I truly understood was Sophia.

Did I want to change that?

Was it time to just move on?

I mean, it wasn't like I hadn't tried.

She was keeping secrets, secrets she'd never tell me.

 
> You it's for the best.
"Hey!" Alexa smiled back at me and I could tell from the way she flipped her hair to the side, she was trying to get a compliment. I couldn't tell what was different about her today, but there was always an easy way to appease her.

"You look really pretty." I smile back, but the enthusiasm is not quite there. She frowns slightly, but the buzzing of her phone saves me from having to elaborate.

Alexa was another girl in my class. I actually hadn't realized they existed because I was always so wrapped up in Sophia.

"You always get so quiet." I hadn't realized the phone call ended when Alexa pokes me gently on my side. "C'mon, I need to hear some good news right now. I just got off the phone with Tenia."

Tenia?

"You mean, Sophia's little sister?" I try to keep my voice calm, but it shakes just enough for Alexa to tilt her head curiously. "What about?"

"We were just talking about Sophia." Alexa show me a knowing stare "Do you want to know?"
> You say "How is she?"
"She's gone."

I wanted to ask more, but those two words were enough.

Sophia's gone?

I can't feel anything.

Are you surprised?

I can't feel anything.

Of course not, you knew all along...didn't you?

I look at the ground and for some reason, I see her face. Smiling and looking back at me with those beautiful emerald eyes.

Christ, you let her die alone.

Stop it.

I bet she wondered where you were.

I can't breathe. Instead, all I can do is stare at that image of Sophia while tears fill my eyes.

Where the hell were you?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Hey!" Alexa smiled back at me and I could tell from the way she flipped her hair to the side, she was trying to get a compliment. I couldn't tell what was different about her today, but there was always an easy way to appease her.

"You look really pretty." I smile back, but the enthusiasm is not quite there. She frowns slightly, but the buzzing of her phone saves me from having to elaborate.

Alexa was another girl in my class. I actually hadn't realized they existed because I was always so wrapped up in Sophia.

"You always get so quiet." I hadn't realized the phone call ended when Alexa pokes me gently on my side. "C'mon, I need to hear some good news right now. I just got off the phone with Tenia."

Tenia?

"You mean, Sophia's little sister?" I try to keep my voice calm, but it shakes just enough for Alexa to tilt her head curiously. "What about?"

"We were just talking about Sophia." Alexa show me a knowing stare "Do you want to know?"
> You say "I don't care."
I say the words, but I don't feel it. Instead, I look away and can only remember.

"Hey, he's all alone!" Sophia laughed as I finished making my sole dinosaur."

"I'll make him a buddy soon." Shaping the orange play dough was hard work, but I could still feel Sophia lean next to me. She hummed softly as she placed a pink dinosaur next to mine.

"He shouldn't be alone." She smiled and I smile back.

"He'll never be alone as long as she's around." 

There wasn't enough play dough to make a third dinosaur. But that didn't matter, because of Sophia.

Hey, you really don't care?

I shake my head.

Fine, then.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>They do exist, you know.

It wasn't like I was invisible to them either. Every now and then, I'd catch a girl looking over.

Although how you can really tell what girls are thinking is beyond me. Besides them traveling in packs, I only associated with them through Sophia. The only one I truly understood was Sophia.

Did I want to change that?

Was it time to just move on?

I mean, it wasn't like I hadn't tried.

She was keeping secrets, secrets she'd never tell me.

 
> You there's only Sophia.
She wasn't somone you could replace.

I can't imagine being someone else's life preserver. Or placing a sticker on some random girl's cheek and feeling even close to the way I'd feel with Sophia.

Secrets, they were driving me crazy...

But in the end, she was the one I wanted.

She was the one I needed.

I shake my head and laugh at the thought that I had any doubts.

As though I could possibly be happy without my Sophia.

Do you remember her?

That static and voice, why did it pop up so randomly? As though the tape had skipped suddenly. But now, it was falling into place.

The tape will be heard.

"Of course, I remember her."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Why are you here?" Sophia's voice was stuffy and she was completely covered in tissues. I had to wipe away the mound to get to the pretty girl underneath.

"A little bird told me I had to bring chicken noodle soup and tea." I hold out the bag "It's your favorite kind."

"What a messed up little bird." Sophia grinned back, but her eyes still look miserable. "I didn't want you to see me like this."

Sitting down next to her, I had to smile. She was looking down and blushing as though she was a complete mess. But even as a mess, Sophia could make my heart skip a beat any day.

"I've seen you covered in mud before. Remember when we caught Freddy?"

"So you still remember how awful I looked even though it was years ago?" Sophia's eyes grew wide with horror. 

"C'mon, let me make up for this constant foot in my mouth." I plead with her.

She looks at me straightforwardly with those brillant emerald eyes. "How?"

Good question.
> You animal Adventures
Back in the day, Sophia and I had a secret hideout. A special area away from all the other boys and girls who were always plotting nefarious schemes to outwit the opposite sex. Back then, it wasn't cool to admit that you liked a girl even though they were obviously growing up in ways that captivated interest.

 We would play games in that hideout. Games that Sophia usually won.  Whenever that would happen, I would hold up my hands and laughingly claim that I had let her win. Sometimes, I would be telling the truth.  But Sophia was always the picture of health in my memories. Back before...that happened.

"Found him!" Sophia's triumphant voice rang out through the swamp as I followed close behind, wheezing slightly.

"Nice!" I laugh as I wipe water off my face. Sophia's covered in watter too, but she doesn't care. We were both a complete mess of swamp water and mud. "I bet Freddy is glad to be back in your hands. I swear he was hopping away from mine towards yours the entire time."

"You know Freddy can't tell whose hands he's hopping away or towards." Sophia laughed, but of course I knew differently, I knew Sophia's hands just like I knew my own. Sophia's hands were just like the rest of Sophia, soft and beautiful with just the right curves that fit perfectly in mine.

"Freddy's a guy, of course he can tell!" I laugh, still wiping away at the dripping swamp water on my face.

"Oh...so any guy can?" A mischievous smile crossed Sophia's face "Does that mean you see me as a girl then?"
> You say "I always saw you as a girl."
She would always have the same reaction to that statement. First, she'd look away with a feigned haughty air, as though she wanted me to believe that she knew I'd answer that way. But, I would always catch a glimpse of her face before she turned. I would see her smile and it was beautiful.

How could anyone see her and not see a beautiful girl?

"Hey, what are you thinking of?" Sophia was munching on a tasty treat and I couldn't help but lean my head against hers.

"You."

She blushed and honestly, I kept thinking how lucky I was. How perfect these days were all the time.

Wait, is that possible?

Static in the background and it feels like my eyes are getting a little blurry. But I shake my head and try to ignore that dizzy feeling.

It'll be all right as long as Sophia is with me.

 "Hey stranger." I guess I had been silent too long and Sophia poked my cheek gently "Penny for your thoughts?"

To be honest, all I could think of was one thing.
> You kiss Her
I think I wanted to do this from the very beginning.

The weather turned from sunny to rainy in what seemed like a few seconds. Or maybe hours...or days.

TIme stood still when I was kissing Sophia.

It was incredibly addicting.

Soft, her lips and her body was so silky soft.

That familiar scent of cinnamon mint...all it took was one whiff and I was burying her neck against my face.

"Why can't I stop kissing you?" My words are muffled against her neck, but she laughs as though she could understand every word.

"You have to stop eventually." She teases and as I shook my head fervently, she asks "Nothing lasts forever."

The way she said those last three words made me pause and for a moment, the chill that went down my spine wasn't from the rain water.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Back in the day, Sophia and I had a secret hideout. A special area away from all the other boys and girls who were always plotting nefarious schemes to outwit the opposite sex. Back then, it wasn't cool to admit that you liked a girl even though they were obviously growing up in ways that captivated interest.

 We would play games in that hideout. Games that Sophia usually won.  Whenever that would happen, I would hold up my hands and laughingly claim that I had let her win. Sometimes, I would be telling the truth.  But Sophia was always the picture of health in my memories. Back before...that happened.

"Found him!" Sophia's triumphant voice rang out through the swamp as I followed close behind, wheezing slightly.

"Nice!" I laugh as I wipe water off my face. Sophia's covered in watter too, but she doesn't care. We were both a complete mess of swamp water and mud. "I bet Freddy is glad to be back in your hands. I swear he was hopping away from mine towards yours the entire time."

"You know Freddy can't tell whose hands he's hopping away or towards." Sophia laughed, but of course I knew differently, I knew Sophia's hands just like I knew my own. Sophia's hands were just like the rest of Sophia, soft and beautiful with just the right curves that fit perfectly in mine.

"Freddy's a guy, of course he can tell!" I laugh, still wiping away at the dripping swamp water on my face.

"Oh...so any guy can?" A mischievous smile crossed Sophia's face "Does that mean you see me as a girl then?"
> You say "Kids shouldn't worry about grown-up things."
It was a silly response.

But she turned bright red and wouldn't look my way.

"I didn't mean it." I say in my most sincere voice.

"I don't care." She'd pout heavily.

Eventually the silence between us grew and she would sigh heavily.

"Sophia....you make me smile." I sing in a silly voice.

"You're an awful singer." She smiled and I have to admit, my voice probably was off-key the entire time. 

"Better than Kermit the frog?" I ask hopefully.

"Worse." She laughed.

"Well, I'll keep practicing then." I kiss the top of her forehead softly and she blushed gently.

"Does this mean I have to keep listening?"

"I wouldn't want to sing for anyone else but you."
> You that night you danced away
She was stunning.

 "They're all staring." Sophia's arm was wrapped so tightly around my neck that at times, it was a bit hard to breathe.

But maybe that was because of how close she was and how easily she could take your breath away.

"They're jealous." I whispered back, trying to keep a silly grin off of my face. It was probably failing miserably, despite my best efforts.

"I feel like I'm surrounded." She sighed softly. "Do you think they'll stop looking if we start dancing?"

"Oh, that'll be even worse." I laugh "One of us have two left feet."

She gently whacked my shoulder.

"I didn't say it was you!" 

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Coward." My little sister wasn't the type that minced her words, biting as they may be.

"You have to understand it from a guy's perspective." I shoot back "What if she pushed me away?"

"Sophia?" Emily laughed, her eyes stil glued to her NDS "Well, as long as we're playing the 'what if' scenarios...what if she didn't?"

"This doesn't help Em..." Leaning back with a heavy sigh, I ask "What can I do?"

"Run to her house with a boombox and play a song by Peter Gabriel?" Emily laughed "Or maybe you could visit her. Sophia texted me that she's sick and I think you can step it up and maybe change this."
> You after she's healthy, rely on a trusty feline
"She's amazing." A content smile spread across Sophia's beautiful face and I can't help but stare. At her and the world's luckiest cat.

"Are you feeling better?" I gingerly ask and for a second, a shadow crosses her face. Her eyes lower and she ponders the question.

"Hmm, now I am." Kissing the cat gently on the forehead, Sophia laughed "What's a good name for a cat like this?"

"Err...Sophia II?" 

"That's a terrible name!" 

"What? I've been calling her that ever since she was a kitten." Staring at her with mock horror, I reply "I'm pretty sure that cat already thinks that's her name."

"You're joking." Sophia looks at me with hopeful eyes, but as I shake my head reluctantly, she sighs "Well...at least there'll always be a Sophia around you."

She looked so sad for a moment that I had to ask "What, you're already abandoning the cat? Just because of a bad name?"

She looks up and smiles at my bad joke "You know I didn't mean that."

Then, what did you mean? The question is on the tip of my tongue, but I swallow it back.

She wouldn't answer it.

No, she wouldn't.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I'm sorry." The loud conversations going around us in the school cafeteria somehow muted enough for us to whisper, I tried to lean in close to a very unhappy Sophia. Her hair was in a messy ponytail and her clothes were whatever she could find in the two minutes available to dress before school started.

"You're not." Sophia wouldn't even look at me. Her lips in a permanent pout that hadn't faded from the morning. Still, she looks beautiful. Even in messy jeans and hair that stuck out in all the wrong places.

"I must have been asleep when I turned the alarm off." I insist with earnest eyes. But of course, Sophia can see right through me. "Let me make it up to you. You can't stay mad at me forever over this."

"Maybe I can." She stuck out her tongue slightly and I can't help but stare. Stare as her bubblegum tongue slowly darts in between her lips that perfectly formed a slight pout. "But how would you make it up to me?"

I lean closer to her, slowly resting my hand on the small of her back. "Easy. Why don't we...?"
> You go see the fishes
"This place is amazing!" Sophia smiled widely, her eyes dancing with excitement as she stared at the beautiful sea life swimming before our eyes.

"Well, I aim to please." Sticking out my chest, I match her smile perfectly. "C'mon, let me try to show off my completely useless knowledge of all sea life." 

"How are you such an expert on these things?" Sophia leaned closely near me and I easily wrapped my arm around her waist. It just felt natural, like taking a step forward.

"My mom and dad met at Sea World, so they went there religiously each year with me in tow." I can't help but suddenly feel awkward. Sophia was so close and my hand was getting sweaty. Sweaty enough that I had to focus a good deal of my attention to make sure it didn't slip.

"Well, thanks for taking me here." She smiled back at me and for a moment, it felt like the world has paused. The fishes stopped swimming and Sophia was just standing there.

If there was ever a moment, now would be it.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Some excuse, right? Yeah, they didn't buy it either. Maybe it would have worked if she wasn't only two years older and stunningly beautiful to match.  But, I worked out every day, not just because I wanted to be able to fight back. That was a reason, of course I wanted to cream every guy who looked at Sophia with dirty eyes. But being younger than Sophia automatically made things more difficult. Being shorter and smaller than the girl you like? C'mon.

Waking up with a heavy sigh, I see the same demon face that graced the angel's body in my dream. Sophia had slipped into my bed without me noticing. The scent of cinnamon mint washing over me and already I feel intoxicated. She was a few inches away and despite crawling into bed in her ratty pjs, she easily took my breath away.

 Looking over at the clock, I can tell the alarm is only a few minutes from going off. Even though Sophia sneaks into my bed each morning, it always feels so short.
> You let it Ring
Before I could memorize everything, every curve of her lips or sigh as she snuggles against the pillow, the alarm rings and it is over. The stupidly loud alarm that jolts her awake and causes her to tumble clumsily out of bed with a loud crash.

"Ow..." Sophia sleepily groans, her eyes still shut tightly "that hurts!" I can already anticipate her accusing eyes staring straight into mine, so I manage to cover myself with the blanket as though an instant protective barrier would fool her.

"Hmm, really asleep?" Sophia's voice became mischievous and already I feel regret rushing through my system. But, it is too late to give up on the charade and I'm already devoted to shutting my eyes as tight as possible.  But hearing a rustle as she turned off the alarm made me curious and smelling that familiar scent of cinnamon mint became too much. I peeked and saw a beautiful smile form on Sophia's face as she caught me.

"Gotcha!" She poked my cheek with her finger and I feel like this has happened a million times before. The first time was when we were kids. I was determined to help her draw and she was more interested in the new sticker set she got for her birthday.

"You don't have a sticker on your finger this time." I yawn exaggeratedly and by her expression, I can tell she doesn't quite fall for it. "I was dreaming of us as kids."

"Oh?" A curious light filled her eyes "Fond memories of yours truly?"

Back then, I always knew Sophia was beautiful. Even though all my guy friends warned of the deadly cooties that girls carried, I'd get the cootie shot a million times over as long as I could stay near Sophia.

"Just remembering how you stuck permanent glue on the sticker and how that made the removal the most painful experience of my life."

"Most painful experience of your life so far." She shoots back, completely unfazed.

Back at school, it was always like that. I cam remember that day perfectly. After a long separation, I remember walking in and seeing her instantly. The other people just melted into the background.  That tended to happen when Sophia was around.
> You walk up to her
It had been a while.

"You're taller." Sophia's voice was filled with surprise. As though those two years gave her an impossible to overcome time advantage in growing.

"I drank a lot of milk." I shoot back, mentally wincing at the countless nights when I had nightmares of cows and monster dairy products chasing me.

"You hated milk." Her forehead still crinkles slightly in the middle when she gets confused. I guess it is a little baffling considering how important those few inchs of height she had over me was. She always mentioned it, as though I couldn't be a guy in her eyes because I was a few inches shorter.

"I grew up." A total lie in that case considering how I have to force down milk every day.

The school bell rang so the conversation was unfortunately cut short. But there were always ways to get to spend time with Sophia, even if I chose an unconventional method.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Before I could memorize everything, every curve of her lips or sigh as she snuggles against the pillow, the alarm rings and it is over. The stupidly loud alarm that jolts her awake and causes her to tumble clumsily out of bed with a loud crash.

"Ow..." Sophia sleepily groans, her eyes still shut tightly "that hurts!" I can already anticipate her accusing eyes staring straight into mine, so I manage to cover myself with the blanket as though an instant protective barrier would fool her.

"Hmm, really asleep?" Sophia's voice became mischievous and already I feel regret rushing through my system. But, it is too late to give up on the charade and I'm already devoted to shutting my eyes as tight as possible.  But hearing a rustle as she turned off the alarm made me curious and smelling that familiar scent of cinnamon mint became too much. I peeked and saw a beautiful smile form on Sophia's face as she caught me.

"Gotcha!" She poked my cheek with her finger and I feel like this has happened a million times before. The first time was when we were kids. I was determined to help her draw and she was more interested in the new sticker set she got for her birthday.

"You don't have a sticker on your finger this time." I yawn exaggeratedly and by her expression, I can tell she doesn't quite fall for it. "I was dreaming of us as kids."

"Oh?" A curious light filled her eyes "Fond memories of yours truly?"

Back then, I always knew Sophia was beautiful. Even though all my guy friends warned of the deadly cooties that girls carried, I'd get the cootie shot a million times over as long as I could stay near Sophia.

"Just remembering how you stuck permanent glue on the sticker and how that made the removal the most painful experience of my life."

"Most painful experience of your life so far." She shoots back, completely unfazed.

Back at school, it was always like that. I cam remember that day perfectly. After a long separation, I remember walking in and seeing her instantly. The other people just melted into the background.  That tended to happen when Sophia was around.
> You ignore Her
"You really think she'd follow after you ditched her?"My little sister wasn't the type that minced her words, biting as they may be.

"You have to understand it from a guy's perspective." I shoot back "What if she pushed me away?"

"Sophia?" Emily laughed, her eyes stil glued to her NDS "Well, as long as we're playing the 'what if' scenarios...what if she didn't?"

"This doesn't help Em..." Leaning back with a heavy sigh, I ask "What can I do?"

"Run to her house with a boombox and play a song by Peter Gabriel?" Emily laughed "Or maybe you could visit her. Sophia texted me that she's sick and I think you can step it up and maybe change this."
> No second chance?
"Hey." Sophia smiled awkwardly.

How much time has passed?

Her hair was so much longer. Or maybe that wasn't her real hair...if the rumors were true.

"Who is this guy?" Erik, Sophia's boyfriend, asked without looking at me.

"A friend." Sophia looked away for a second. "A friend I haven't seen in a long time."

I can't remember the awkward conversation that followed. I honestly don't want to remember, actually.

But what I do remember is looking back and seeing her lean forward to kiss him.

"He's a jerk." I mutter softly.

But I am an idiot.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It was a bit of a running gag in town how my parents met, how doggedly he pursued her without caring a bit about his pride or her rather formidable boyfriend whose right punch could knock out a giant for days.

He was the gangly new kid of the block and she was the beautiful princess who already had her Prince Charming.  It was like imagining Sleeping Beauty ditching her guy for the court jester.

"When you find someone who you can love completely..." My dad fondly wrapped his arm around my mom and smiled "You've got to believe in the impossibility of being ecstatically happy."

Sappy words from a sappy guy. Still, it was easy to see why he'd talk like that. His first love was a miracle.  Even he couldn't believe it worked out.

But Sophia and I was different. We were always together and always linked together. Back in the day when I was interrogated by all the big kids whose eyes inevitably fell on Sophia, I gave the same excuse over and over again. Not that I didn't care about her, but I did care about getting beat up by the same group of guys each day.
> You say "She's just a kid."
Of course she'd be standing right behind me when I was saying this. Staring at me with sad eyes that brimmed with tears as I stupidly told the guys that there's no chance I'd like a girl as childish as Sophia. In her hands was an art book that she read each day, Sophia was an artist ever since she was a child. I would joke that I was her muse, but her brillance never relied upon me really.

"Ah..." She smiled softly, her stricken eyes staring straight into mine "I just wanted to show you...nothing. Never mind me." Her hands clenched tightly around the book as she spoke. She had grown up a lot since childhood. Considering how much of a shrimp she was as a kid, she grew up like a bean sprout.  But I was still always taller, thankfully because I had a few years on her.  She was always looking up to me and I was always looking down on her.

"I've got to go." She won't even give me a chance to speak.  Instead, she turns and leaves so quickly that it looks ilke she's running away from me. Next period is art class, but I could just skip. Skip and figure out what to do next.
> You skip art class
Back when we were kids, I had a system worked out whenever I messed up around Sophia.  It wasn't something that happened often, thank goodness. I couldn't stand it if Sophia was upset with me. It was back at an age when girls and boys didn't really hang out together.  But, Sophia was different. It was just her and me. It was something I never questioned, like the air I breathed.  So when she wasn't happy....

"I won't forgive you next time." Sophia would say each time she bit angrily into her favorite toasted bagel.

Oddly enough, it was charming. As she tried to appear angry as she bit into her toasted bagel, I'd find myself hiding a smile the entire time. She'd always forgive me, no matter what screw-up I made.

Even though I felt comforted that she had forgiven me in the past, it didn't make the memory of Sophia's hurt face feel any better. I had to do something, but what?
> You go to the Pool
Sophia had a secret ever since she was a kid. She couldn't swim. Push her into a pool barely above her head and she'd drown without a life preserver.

"It's not like I forgot what you said earlier." Sophia's arms were snugly wrapped around my neck as she tried desperately to keep afloat.

"I thought girls like being told they were young." Keeping my voice as light as possible, I feel a warm blush spread across my cheeks. Sophia was close, really close. Her soft warm body pressed tightly against mine and even though the pool water had a distinct smell of chlorine, her familiar scent of cinnamon mint washed over me.

"That only applies to women when they're much older. Not kids." Pouting heavily, Sophia couldn't maintain an angry tone as I served as her swim buddy/life preserver in the school's swimming pool.

It would be too much to claim a stroke of luck in having Sophia as my pool buddy. Outright bribery of her fellow classmate and swimming instructor was the only possible way I could be Sophia's swimming buddy ever since the school year began.  Considering how Sophia hadn't learned how to swim, or even float...I can't really claim to be the best kind of swim buddy around.

Like heck I cared about that though. Being Sophia's life preserver was a right only for me. 
> You say "You're not a kid."
I say the words softly, but not because I'm scared of other people hearing it. I say it softly into her ear, pleading with her to listen. To trust me when I tell her something because I'll always say the truth to her.

She smiles, but there is a hint of sadness to her smile as she asks just as softly "Does it matter?"

"Not really." Leaning my forehead against her head, I whisper back "Young or old, I'd like you either way."

"Hmph." A small laugh escaped her lips "Your dad's sappy lines are rubbing off on you."

We both looked at each other and laughed. Of course, that moment was broken up by the swimming instructor who had noticed Sophia and I standing still in the middle of the pool while the other students were diligently swimming away.  While other people's conversations had faded completely to me when Sophia was nearby, the paddleboard to the head knocked me unconscious and Sophia had to get help to drag my floating body to the poolside for safety.

"You definitely owe me one now." Sophia laughed and her smile was so wide that I didn't mind the inevitable debt that my poor wallet would have to pay for her surprisingly insatiable stomach.

"Same place, same time." I toss back with a matching smile.

Sophia was already waiting patiently at our usual place. Her hair tied back neatly and I was struck by her new glasses.

"They make me look like a dork." Sophia sighed "But I can't stand wearing contacts after swimming."

"You look smart." I gently knock my shoulder against hers.

"Wait, does that mean I don't look like smart if I don't have glasses on?' Sophia knocked back with her shoulder against mine, a bit harder than I had.
> You say "Either way, you look perfect."
A beautiful blush spreads rapidly across her face and she bit her lip softly as she looked away. The sun was setting, we always walked slowly after school.  Not because either one of us was lazy or out of shape, but because this made the time we spent everyday longer.

"You always say the right things." She whispered, her words carried to me by the wind. "But why is that?"

"Hmm?" I cock my head confusedly "Isn't it obvious?"

"Is it really that easy?" Sophia's voice was becoming so soft that I could barely hear her. It almost like she wasn't there at all. "To say those things and really mean it?"
> You say "Why can't it be?"
I try to get her to look back at me, but she won't look back until the sun is gone. Somehow the light is still there...something is off about this moment. I can feel it, like watching a video tape with the sequence mixed up.

"I guess you're right." She says the words, but the feeling isn't there. "Hey, the sun's gone."

She walks away and for a second, it feels like everything is resetting.

The tape will still play.

"Hey, wait up!" I yell after her and she begins to teasingly break out into a sprint. "C"mon Sophia!"

Green eyed girl, why are you crying?

Did the world treat you badly enough to feel like dying?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A beautiful blush spreads rapidly across her face and she bit her lip softly as she looked away. The sun was setting, we always walked slowly after school.  Not because either one of us was lazy or out of shape, but because this made the time we spent everyday longer.

"You always say the right things." She whispered, her words carried to me by the wind. "But why is that?"

"Hmm?" I cock my head confusedly "Isn't it obvious?"

"Is it really that easy?" Sophia's voice was becoming so soft that I could barely hear her. It almost like she wasn't there at all. "To say those things and really mean it?"
> You say "What's wrong?"
It was like I was driving a car in a circle and finally made a sharp turn off of a cliff.

Green eyed girl, why are you crying?

Did the world treat you badly enough to feel like dying?

I had to stop this cycle.

"Hey...what's wrong?" Sophia came close to me and rested her warm forehead against mine "You're acting strange."

"Just..." I want to say everything and only have her listen and tell me that it'll be all right. But I know she won't answer that way and because of that certainty, I can't ask her anything. "...nothing."

She smiled softly "C'mon. Let's go to sleep. I need my arm pillow."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I say the words softly, but not because I'm scared of other people hearing it. I say it softly into her ear, pleading with her to listen. To trust me when I tell her something because I'll always say the truth to her.

She smiles, but there is a hint of sadness to her smile as she asks just as softly "Does it matter?"

"Not really." Leaning my forehead against her head, I whisper back "Young or old, I'd like you either way."

"Hmph." A small laugh escaped her lips "Your dad's sappy lines are rubbing off on you."

We both looked at each other and laughed. Of course, that moment was broken up by the swimming instructor who had noticed Sophia and I standing still in the middle of the pool while the other students were diligently swimming away.  While other people's conversations had faded completely to me when Sophia was nearby, the paddleboard to the head knocked me unconscious and Sophia had to get help to drag my floating body to the poolside for safety.

"You definitely owe me one now." Sophia laughed and her smile was so wide that I didn't mind the inevitable debt that my poor wallet would have to pay for her surprisingly insatiable stomach.

"Same place, same time." I toss back with a matching smile.

Sophia was already waiting patiently at our usual place. Her hair tied back neatly and I was struck by her new glasses.

"They make me look like a dork." Sophia sighed "But I can't stand wearing contacts after swimming."

"You look smart." I gently knock my shoulder against hers.

"Wait, does that mean I don't look like smart if I don't have glasses on?' Sophia knocked back with her shoulder against mine, a bit harder than I had.
> You say "You've got me."
Sophia's jaw dropped and she smacked me hard on the side of my shoulder. "You jerk!" Her words are devoid of anger, but it had just the right amount of shock to make me feel guilty.

"You can't judge a book by its cover." I tease, but already I can tell she isn't happy.

"I didn't mean it." I say in my most sincere voice.

"I don't care." She'd pout heavily.

Eventually the silence between us grew and she would sigh heavily.

"Sophia....you make me smile." I sing in a silly voice.

"You're an awful singer." She smiled and I have to admit, my voice probably was off-key the entire time. 

"Better than Kermit the frog?" I ask hopefully.

"Worse." She laughed.

"Well, I'll keep practicing then." I kiss the top of her forehead softly and she blushed gently.

"Does this mean I have to keep listening?"

"I wouldn't want to sing for anyone else but you."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Sophia had a secret ever since she was a kid. She couldn't swim. Push her into a pool barely above her head and she'd drown without a life preserver.

"It's not like I forgot what you said earlier." Sophia's arms were snugly wrapped around my neck as she tried desperately to keep afloat.

"I thought girls like being told they were young." Keeping my voice as light as possible, I feel a warm blush spread across my cheeks. Sophia was close, really close. Her soft warm body pressed tightly against mine and even though the pool water had a distinct smell of chlorine, her familiar scent of cinnamon mint washed over me.

"That only applies to women when they're much older. Not kids." Pouting heavily, Sophia couldn't maintain an angry tone as I served as her swim buddy/life preserver in the school's swimming pool.

It would be too much to claim a stroke of luck in having Sophia as my pool buddy. Outright bribery of her fellow classmate and swimming instructor was the only possible way I could be Sophia's swimming buddy ever since the school year began.  Considering how Sophia hadn't learned how to swim, or even float...I can't really claim to be the best kind of swim buddy around.

Like heck I cared about that though. Being Sophia's life preserver was a right only for me. 
> You say "What's wrong with being a kid?"
Shrugging my shoulders with a sigh, I look straight at Sophia and ask her "why would you want to grow up so quickly anyways?"

She looks away with a small pout and spotted my ace in the hole.

"She's amazing." A content smile spread across Sophia's beautiful face and I can't help but stare. At her and the world's luckiest cat.

"Are you feeling better?" I gingerly ask and for a second, a shadow crosses her face. Her eyes lower and she ponders the question.

"Hmm, now I am." Kissing the cat gently on the forehead, Sophia laughed "What's a good name for a cat like this?"

"Err...Sophia II?" 

"That's a terrible name!" 

"What? I've been calling her that ever since she was a kitten." Staring at her with mock horror, I reply "I'm pretty sure that cat already thinks that's her name."

"You're joking." Sophia looks at me with hopeful eyes, but as I shake my head reluctantly, she sighs "Well...at least there'll always be a Sophia around you."

She looked so sad for a moment that I had to ask "What, you're already abandoning the cat? Just because of a bad name?"

She looks up and smiles at my bad joke "You know I didn't mean that."

Then, what did you mean? The question is on the tip of my tongue, but I swallow it back.

She wouldn't answer it.

No, she wouldn't.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Back when we were kids, I had a system worked out whenever I messed up around Sophia.  It wasn't something that happened often, thank goodness. I couldn't stand it if Sophia was upset with me. It was back at an age when girls and boys didn't really hang out together.  But, Sophia was different. It was just her and me. It was something I never questioned, like the air I breathed.  So when she wasn't happy....

"I won't forgive you next time." Sophia would say each time she bit angrily into her favorite toasted bagel.

Oddly enough, it was charming. As she tried to appear angry as she bit into her toasted bagel, I'd find myself hiding a smile the entire time. She'd always forgive me, no matter what screw-up I made.

Even though I felt comforted that she had forgiven me in the past, it didn't make the memory of Sophia's hurt face feel any better. I had to do something, but what?
> You ice Cream Bribery
"I can't believe you ordered the Mega Chocolate Sundae Supreme." Sophia's voice is awed as she surveys what surely is the largest chocolate sundae topped with cherries.

"Plus chocolate sticks and hot chocolate, just in case of unexpected brain freezes." I smile eagerly towards Sophia as I nurse a tiny baby dip of ice cream.

"You really regret what you said, huh?" A tiny smile formed on her lips, those perfect lips thatI could stare at all day.

"My wallet does. But I don't." Smiling back, I lick my ice cream cone "I get to see you eat the entire Mega Chocolate Sundae Supreme by yourself."

"Hey, I thought we were sharing!"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Of course she'd be standing right behind me when I was saying this. Staring at me with sad eyes that brimmed with tears as I stupidly told the guys that there's no chance I'd like a girl as childish as Sophia. In her hands was an art book that she read each day, Sophia was an artist ever since she was a child. I would joke that I was her muse, but her brillance never relied upon me really.

"Ah..." She smiled softly, her stricken eyes staring straight into mine "I just wanted to show you...nothing. Never mind me." Her hands clenched tightly around the book as she spoke. She had grown up a lot since childhood. Considering how much of a shrimp she was as a kid, she grew up like a bean sprout.  But I was still always taller, thankfully because I had a few years on her.  She was always looking up to me and I was always looking down on her.

"I've got to go." She won't even give me a chance to speak.  Instead, she turns and leaves so quickly that it looks ilke she's running away from me. Next period is art class, but I could just skip. Skip and figure out what to do next.
> You attend
The moment I walked into the room, I could feel her eyes avert to the other side of the room. She wouldn't look at me, even as I sat right next to her and waited for the slightest opening to speak.

 "Why'd you change your outfit?" Mentally, I'm already hitting my forehead. As though asking an unhappy girl about her clothes would help the situation.

"I wanted to change."  She won't even look my way as she speaks. Her eyebrows furrowed in concentration as she draws childish butterflies and puppies.

"I wish you didn't." Scooting next to her, I draw a crude girl in red whose clothes cover her entire body "You know all the boys in the class are looking at you, right?"

"Who'd look at a child?" Sophia's pout deepens and I feel a slightly relieved smile as she responds back. At least getting her to talk was a start.

"Other children perhaps." Drawing in blue this time, I draw a cuddly couple and smile back at her "You know, we're still kids Sophia. The guys before were a lot older, they even had scraggly beards and moustaches."

A tiny smile crept across her face as she spoke "You're growing one already."

She smiled! I can't help it as a huge grin cracks across my face and I laugh "I'll shave it off. I'll never be too old for you Sophia."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's always the same dream.

"Do you miss me?" Her silky soft voice sounds like velvet and I can smell her familiar scent of cinnamon mint. Her beautiful emerald eyes looking right through me, as though the answer on the tip of my lips has already been said.

That face hasn't changed a bit, already she had certainly grown more beautiful than before. I manage to fight back the growing urge in me to lean forward to touch her, prove that she was real. Even if the wing was plastic on her back, there was no way Sophia would be here with me.
> You say "Do you miss me?"
The angel in front of me disappears and in her place is an alluring devil whose barely clad body beckons me closer.

Yet despite the fact that there are only a few layers that separate me from her, I feel a great distance between the two of us. As though that smile was a steel barrier that I had no shot of breaking through.

"Silly question."  She laughs softly, as though the answer should already be known.

Before I can ask, her hand beckons me closer and I feel the softest kiss brush against my lips. As though she cared about me. As though she knew I cared about her.

Those eyes were still open when she kissed me.

Was she looking at me?

Or beyond?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I do not understand, said Oberon.

"Where are they coming from? Where are their souls?" inquired Irene, who quickly moved beneath Oberon's arm for comfort.

Irene was upset. The flowers in her red hair wilted at the sight before them.

Humans were dying, but they were not dying at all. They were walking Earth without souls. They walked Earth in bodies whose souls had been stolen. They were vagrant and confused.

And so were these two Gods.

"Oberon," insisted Irene.

I have never witnessed anything like this before, admitted Oberon.

"But you must know. You know the location of every soul in and out of Earth."

Indeed. That is what makes this so mysterious.

"We will have to tell Edol about this."

Not him, snarled Oberon, as if he could. Oberon's voice was always low and monotone but Irene found it charming.

Oberon turned and left Irene's side. His dark robes followed behind him without a sound.

Irene quickly followed as well. Each wilted flower fell from her hair, landed upon the stone floor beneath them and turned to dust.

A thief, said Oberon.

"Perhaps," said Irene.

Inform Athena of this, but she shall not tell Edol. Have her visit Earth and investigate. As will I. I have souls to reap before this thief can.

"Be safe," insisted Irene.

She kissed him, tucked a white rose into his boney hands.

You should not warn me, my love, Oberon said. You should warn those who dare steal from me.
> You athena
Irene told the Goddess Athena about the matter.

"Missing souls?" Athena asked.

"Yes. Oberon went to Earth to search, but we don't understand. This shouldn't be possible," Irene said.

"Edol's Earth is a place I still have yet to fully understand myself," admitted Athena. "But I will search at once."

"Do not tell Edol about this. Oberon has already upset him. If he discovers his precious humans are walking about without souls, he might just strike Oberon dead."

The two sighed at the joke.

Athena touched Irene's shoulder.

"I won't," Athena assured Irene.

"Thank you."

Athena stepped down to Earth. She cast away her armor for a form-fitting yet conservative gown.

Earth had since become rather grey after the war. The air was darkened with smoke as the humans filled their chimneys with wood and fire.

Athena did not take notice of nature as much as Irene did, and was instead rather fascinated by the new technologies of this new human age.

Of course, the countries, as the humans called them, on the far side suffered worse from the war than these countries did.

And what of war now, thought Athena. She would have no place in this human age of peace.

She would have to take to growing plants like Irene, and at that thought she scowled.

She walked the streets of one small village before travelling to another. Then she travelled to a city somewhere on the near side of Earth.

It was lively and beautiful.

Athena watched one man strike another right on the streets. They were drunk.
> You inquire
The Goddess Athena inquired as to why these men were fighting.

The man who grasped the collar of the other shouted, "Non-a yer business, woman!"

The other had a nose that had since been smashed inward. Blood dripped from his face and his eyes were swollen.

Humans are cruel and merciless, Athena thought.

She watched the man die before them. The other must have sobered up, gasped and dashed away.

Athena searched for a soul in this dead man.

He had none.

As he pulled out of his body, he stared at Athena.

"You allowed this to happen," said the man to Athena.

"I'm sorry," said Athena.

The man wandered in the direction of the other.

It was true. Humans were dying without souls.

"This must be the work of Oberon," Athena mused.

Athena was mischievous in this way. She knew very well Oberon would never commit such a sinful act.

She would tell Edol immediately.

The Goddess Athena did no right or wrong. It was the Gods Ardora and Despond who did right and wrong.

Athena was merely playful, especially when this Earth had potential crimes to commit.

She returned to the stars, searched for Edol.
> You ardora
Ardora sent a bolt of ice at Despond's face.

Despond had been laughing until Ardora shouted.

These two Gods were brother and sister. Ardora was the Goddess of Love.

"Enough of you!" she shouted. Icicles dripped from her fingertips and she marched towards Despond as if she was going to kill him.

She had long, green hair that whipped through the air and around her and blue skin that shimmered with ice. She wore a blue silk scarves in the presence of others but often nothing at all.

"All you do is make my precious humans miserable!" Ardora shouted.

Despond had collapsed to the ground.

His hair was red, and as was his skin. But when Ardora struck him he turned purple.

He did not fire back at Ardora, lest he feel the wrath of Edol.

And it was unfair. Ardora bullied him often, yet all he could do was shield his face.

And so he did.

"Ardora! Enough!" he cried.

"Go back to the Hells where you belong!" she cried.

He huffed and against Edol's demands, he breathed flames at Ardora's feet, scorching her and turning her purple as well.

She reached to strike him from above, but he vanished into ash before he could.

"Bastard," Ardora said.

"You two," mused Athena.

"Athena," said Ardora.

Ardora floated back to the ground. Her feet stung and she winced.

"He doesn't often fire back at you. You should punish him for that," Athena said.

"Get out of my domain," warned Ardora.

"There is a thief of souls running about," Athena told her. "Humans are dying but remaining on Earth."

"What? My darlings?"

"Indeed. The circumstances are peculiar. I'm going to tell Edol. He deserves to know."

You will not, called a voice. Oberon's voice.
> You continue
Athena vanished.

"She's miserable. She's always causing trouble down on Earth," Ardora said.

Ardora was wary of Oberon. They did not speak often, even if Ardora was the child of Oberon and Irene's love.

Ardora did not understand how her existence came to be from the God of Death.

The thought of death was frightful to Ardora. Despond was everything she was not, but the thought of death was even more petrifying.

But she was respectful of Oberon, invited him to sit.

He did.

"Good morning, Oberon. I don't see you often," Ardora said.

Her face was beautiful. Her eyelashes were long and her lips plump. She rivalled Irene in this way, but Oberon would never admit such a thing.

Good morning, Ardora, said Oberon. That is true. I am too busy.

"And I have not seen Irene as of late either. Is she preparing for Spring?"

Yes, she always is. There is always a new flower or tree. The squirrels are repopulating at an alarming speed as well.

Ardora laughed even if Oberon was confused as to why.

I assume you have heard about what is happening on Earth, Oberon inquired.

"Yes. I don't know how this could happen. My loves don't deserve this."

Ice formed on Ardora's palms. She said, "It's upsetting. I'm incredibly upset."

As am I. I implore you to go to Earth and invesigate this matter. You are comforting to humans, Oberon said.

Ardora smiled and her smile was striking.

"Humans are comforting to me," she said. "I will immediately."

Do not tell Edol about this.

"I would never."

Thank you, Ardora.

Ardora nodded, stepped towards Oberon and placed a kiss on his head.

Oberon was very taken, shooed Ardora away with a hand.

Get on, he scolded.

Ardora smiled again, disappeared to Earth through a waterfall.

Oberon looked at his palm and found a white rose.
> You love
It was when Sage Edol struck Oberon across the head with a bolt of light that the universe was created.

Oberon had since despised Edol, for reasons extending beyond just a bruise.

But the universe itself was well worth the headache. Oberon severed the first souls of the first beings, until there came a time when Edol was creating too many living things.

There were several other Gods of Death whom severed the souls of each their species. Oberon took to humans, especially once he met Irene.

Edol created Irene when the planet became rich in all kinds of these lifeforms.

She was the Goddess of Spring and Life.

While Oberon appeared at each human's death, Irene appeared at each human's birth.

"Hello! I am Irene," said Irene to Oberon when they first met. She had pretty blue eyes like the sky above Earth.

Hello Irene, I am Oberon, said Oberon to Irene.

"May I give you a gift?" she asked.

Oberon had never received a gift before.

A gift? he said.

She formed a white rose in her hands, presented it to the God of Death.

Stunning, he said.

And so was the rose.

Oberon and Irene first kissed atop a hill somewhere in the vast deserts of Earth. When they kissed, Ardora appeared in the stars.

Edol was surprised. He discovered Oberon and Irene were not only exceptionally powerful themselves, but so was their love.

This was naturally problematic.
> You kiss
Oberon had all the words in the world yet had none to describe holding Irene close and kissing her in the desert sands beneath a starry night that long, long time ago.

She had laughed. He remembered this clearly. She put her arms around him, smiled at him.

Cactus formed at her feet, sprouted red flowers from their prickly heads. Mice ran around these two Gods and laughed and glittering beetles decorated Irene's hair.

Oberon loathed Edol, but knew for certain his own hardships were well worth the reward that was Irene. She was worth this Earth and stars and the miserable sight of Edol's wrinkled face every day.

Oberon placed his boney fingers against Irene's cheek. She took them and kissed them, brought a warmth to them Oberon had never felt before.

In fact, Oberon had not felt a warmth like this at all. Edol might have created the Sun, but the Sun did not touch Oberon's heart like Irene and her touch along his fingers.

Oberon had difficulty understanding the nuances of humans, often even of his fellow Gods. But it was plainly obvious Irene was begging to be kissed at that moment. Her lips were pursed and her eyes slipped closed.

And so they kissed. It was no longer their sweetest kiss, because they kissed again and again thereafter, and each was much more spectacular than the previous.

Ardora told Oberon she was the Goddess of Love and Emotion.

Oberon inquired as to why he felt a beating heart in his chest when he was sure he had none.

"You are in love," Ardora cooed.
> You stars
Irene was breathtaking as she danced through time and space, created stars with a touch of her hand.

Oberon felt old in her nimble presence. He almost lost her in the vast cosmos until she slowed to meet him.

She floated before him, leaned in close to kiss him.

When they kissed, another galaxy exploded with stars.

Oberon felt as he was an exploded galaxy.

And Irene was his universe.

"Create a blackhole for me," she insisted. "I want to see it. It's incredible, watching you."

It is incredible watching you, my love, Oberon said.

Irene blushed, held Oberon's arm as he sliced through the core of a dead star with his other.

The star exploded and expanded. The light lit Irene's face before the entire mass collapsed in on itself.

"Creating stars is beautiful," mused Irene, "but as is this. An endless void of time and space, powerful enough to capture anything."

Irene, said Oberon.

She turned away from that void. Her eyes twinkled even if it was now dark.

I fear you must be nothing more than a blackhole yourself, for you have captured me completely.

"Oberon," sighed Irene.

She kissed him for that.
> You humans
Humans had strange faces of all types and spoke strange languages of all types.

Irene held Oberon's hand tightly in her own, seemed to usher him along through the deserts of Earth.

The first human civilizations appeared in the deserts where the weather was mostly mild other than the stinging rays of the Sun.

Oberon was fond of the darkness, and likewise Irene was fond of the light.

In the light, Oberon noticed, Irene's red hair would glitter and float through the air. When in darkness, her hair would sink and turn dull.

She is a rose, thought Oberon.

Oberon later removed the ceiling of his dark domain.

"Why would you do that?" Ardora had asked.

I admire the light, Oberon replied.

But they both knew he instead rather admired Irene.

"Look at how beautiful they are," cooed Irene as she and Oberon watched dark-skinned humans bring water from the rivers back to their stone homes.

She leaned down and touched that water, blessed the crops that floated atop it.

They are fascinating if anything, said Oberon.

"They are just as intelligent as you or I," Irene mused. "They speak languages I'm still trying to learn, but they say the same things as we do. It's incredible."

Oberon had never found too many things on Earth incredible. Most things on Earth were tainted in some way by Edol, even the humans themselves.

But watching Irene's eyes illuminate with wonder at these humans brought a new admiration of them to Oberon.

Irene followed Oberon to one stone home that sat upon a hill.

I sense a soul, said Oberon softly to Irene.

"May I come with you?"

You may come with me wherever I go, my love, Oberon said. But this might upset you.
> You continue
Athena brushed Ardora's leg as she sat down beside her.

Despond sat across from Ardora, leaned back heavily and crossed his arms. His face had thawed but his grimace had not.

Ardora had been trying to meditate when Irene and Oberon stepped through the grand doors.

"You all have been informed about the matter at hand," Irene began.

Ardora immediately wept and Despond was suddenly interested.

"What does this mean for humans?" Despond asked.

"It means they cannot pass on to Heaven or the Hells. It means there will be wandering souls on Earth until the end of time," Irene said.

Ardora sobbed.

Ardora, Oberon said.

"I'm sorry," wept Ardora. "But these humans mean so much to me. Who will I play with now?"

Despond huffed. Athena looked between them and hid her smile.

"I think we should tell Edol," Athena interrupted.

No one will tell Edol, Oberon said.

"Are you afraid of what he might do?" Athena asked.

No, but you all should be.

There was silence.

"Who has the power to steal souls?" Despond mused.

"No one but us," Irene said.

She was on the arm of Oberon, clasped his hand in her own. This gesture seemed to calm Ardora. Until she was no longer calm.

For Ardora said to Despond, "Stealing souls is the kind of wicked sin Despond would commit!"

Despond sat up, pressed his hands against the wooden table.

"Why would I ever care about the souls of these pesky humans?" Despond asked.

"You care about them just as much as I do," Ardora argued.

"Oh you do, Despond, don't you?" Athena pressed.

"What about that man, Despond? You were with him until the day he died. You wanted to keep his soul for your own."

Tears ran from Ardora's eyes, dripped onto the table and turned to ice.

"Ardora," Irene called softly.

It had been not a man, but a woman for Ardora. She was not only upset for the loss of all these human's souls, but one in particular.
> You woman
Edol's golden eyes were wide at the sight of the nude humanoid before him. But he knew she was a God. She formed ice with her hands.

Ardora's eyes were red with fiery emotions, even if her skin was blue. And the stone floor upon which she sat froze at her touch.

"Who are you?" Edol asked her.

"I am Ardora," she said, and that was the only thing she knew for certain.

Edol gave her his hand, lifted her to her feet. She was graceful and her limbs were slender. Her hair flowed much like Irene's, through the air as if the air was instead water.

Edol quite liked Ardora, and even Despond when he appeared. But Edol did not realize Oberon and Irene were strong enough to create beings all their own.

Ardora appeared alongside the earliest humans. And she adored these humans with all her heart. But it was not for some several thousand years before she met a woman she adored even more than the rest.

When she walked alongside humans, Ardora had the appearance of a light-skinned, brown-haired human. But no godly power could remove her beauty.

This woman she adored was the daughter of two hardworking parents. They lived in a stone house near a kingdom on the far side of Earth. Her father was a cobbler and her mother worked hard taking care of the home and family.

Her name was Flora, and Ardora had never met a human as beautiful and distinct as this Flora.
> You linger
Ardora kissed the hand of her beloved Flora, who promptly blushed and hid her face.

"Meara," Flora called softly to Ardora.

Meara was Ardora's human name.

"Don't weep. I can't stand when you weep, my dearest," Ardora whispered against Flora's skin.

Flora managed to smile since her father had been killed.

"You weep far more than I," Flora responded.

Despond and Athena would pay for this war.

But for then, Ardora kept Flora company. Soon, Ardora pressed her lips against Flora's and they lost each other in those silk sheets of Ardora's bed.

It felt natural that Ardora admit to Flora who she really was. The other Gods would be upset, but Ardora knew for certain this Flora was bright and beautiful and deserved the world.

"What have you done?" Despond hissed when Ardora arrived back at her domain.

"Leave my domain at once," Ardora said.

"You keep playing with these humans and you're bound to cause trouble."

"I have caused trouble?" Ardora shouted. "You took the lives of thousands of people! And for what? Some frivolous argument with Athena!"

"But I have never once told a human anything about myself, about us."

"Perhaps you should, Despond. We are to care for Edol's beings. You don't even care for yourself."

Ardora froze half of Despond's body in this disagreement. Irene had to heal him, would have scolded these two had she not felt upset for each of them.

Humans were pesky, but lovable.

Humans were also mortal.
> You mortality
Irene stepped into this stone house behind Oberon.

Oberon barely fit through the small doors. His scythe appeared in his hand as a mother and father held their dead child in their arms.

Irene had not understood at first. She had watched Oberon take the souls of humans before, but not a child's.

"Oberon," Irene gasped, but he raised his scythe and split the child's soul from her body.

Irene had dashed forward, reached and touched the child's forehead.

When she did she formed a crown of lilies around the child's head.

Irene, said Oberon in surprise.

The parents gasped and the mother wept.

Irene looked back up at Oberon, who had to take her in his arms as she wept as well.

"What is your name?" Edol asked.

Despond sat before him, his eyes wide with tears.

"I am Despond," Despond said.

"Hello, Despond," Edol said.

When Edol pulled Despond to his feet, Despond burned Edol's hands with fire.

Edol was not surprised, smiled kindly at Despond.

With his other hand, Edol brushed the tears from Despond's cheeks. They dripped away in beads of light.

Edol said, "I've been expecting you, Despond. It was only a matter of time. But my poor, dearest Irene. . ."

Oberon remained in the stars for three days to console Irene, even if it meant his work would later be overwhelming.

When he first met Despond, Oberon asked, Why does Irene feel this way? I've never seen her like this before.

Despond said, "She is mourning like the humans mourn their dead."

Oberon had not felt sadness before that moment, before watching Irene mourn.
> You peace
The night was indeed peaceful on Earth. The Spring rains finally gave way to the stars that glittered in that black sky.

This was a time before the humans polluted the sky with their own light. The stars above seemed taken aback, decided to shine less and less in the following years.

But humans had existed for a few thousand years as Irene and Oberon walked through bushy plains in North America.

She held his hand tightly in her own, pointed at the stars Edol had created, and their names and how far they were from this planet Earth.

Oberon cared only for one star Edol had created, and she was walking beside him, and as she walked flowers sprouted in her footsteps. And as she touched him, vines grew up his arms and bloomed.

He knew all the stars in the universe, their locations and their names, but he told Irene he did not, so that she would go on and on with that sweet voice of hers.

He said, I always thought humans were peculiar, spending their time staring up at orbs of light that are certainly not as spectacular as they seem, but from here they are almost magical.

"Most things are magical," Irene said.

Oberon felt the only thing that was magical was the warmth of love for this Goddess inside his chest.

"Don't stare at me like that," Irene teased.

She leapt from her feet, danced through the air and lit these vast grasslands with tiny orbs of light like the ones in the sky. They were insects that flittered through the air, called to one-another with their own light, of all things.

Oberon was not fond of insects, but again, he knew these were almost magical.

And if Irene found anything magical, Oberon was sure to as well.
> You blessing
Irene looked up at the God of Death with large, wonderous eyes.

It was true Irene fell in love with him far before he fell in love with her.

But it was not difficult for Oberon. Edol insisted these human females were of the utmost beauty, but the only being Oberon found that was of the utmost beauty was this Goddess of Spring.

And at first Oberon was skeptical, merely because Irene was just another creation of Edol.

Irene gave Oberon that white rose when they met.

Their following conversation went:

Thank you, Oberon said. You are very kind. You have incredible powers. Use them well.

Irene was taken by that compliment.

She brushed some of her wild red hair out of her face. She would touch the locks and they would float away.

"That is very kind of you to say, Oberon."

His name was sweet on her lips.

She smiled and Oberon was also taken.

Edol appeared.

"Sage Edol," Irene said.

Oberon did not look at him, could not take his gaze from this green-skinned beauty.

And Edol was very aware of Irene's beauty.

"Spring is to begin soon," Edol told her. "You have a lot of work ahead of you, my dear, but you are very capable."

"I love Earth," Irene said.

"As do I," Edol said and smiled.

Edol turned to Oberon, said, "Why don't you take Irene to Earth. She has a lot to learn, and you are very knowledgable, Oberon."

Edol had never complimented Oberon before.

Gladly, Oberon said.

Oberon reached out his hand, said, Do not be afraid of my hands. I am just an old skeleton.

"Why would I ever be afraid?" Irene asked.

Edol would later regret asking Oberon to take Irene to Earth. Their love that bloomed was a power Edol did not fully comprehend. And when Edol did not comprehend something, it was bound to be trouble.
> You continue
Ardora had tears in her eyes, stared at Despond before she vanished.

"She can't treat me like this," Despond told Irene before he left as well.

Athena had been looking between Ardora and Despond, basking in their delicious feuding. She turned and looked at Oberon and Irene.

Irene was frustrated. Her hands were fists and her hair fell on her shoulders.

Those two, mused Oberon.

"You go and find Ardora. I'll speak to Despond," Irene told Oberon.

"The humans," said Athena.

I have more important matters to attend to than consoling Ardora, Oberon told Irene.

But he only said such a thing because he was terrible at consoling Ardora.

"We need to solve this issue. That is our duty, Oberon," Irene scolded.

She stood tall, kissed him and said, "Ardora admires you and she will listen. Go on and speak to her."

Oberon took Irene's hand and pressed a kiss into her skin.

And Despond loves you, perhaps even more than I do.

Irene smiled.

And Athena felt awkward sitting there before these two.

Oberon turned to her and said, You busy yourself, Athena. If you cause any trouble you will be hearing from me.

And if you dare tell Edol about any of this, I assure you the consequences will be severe.

"Yes, Oberon," Athena said, but the thought of punishment was almost exciting to the troublemaking Goddess.

Irene slipped away through the ground and Oberon lifted his scythe.

"I simply must find the culprit of this thievery," mused Athena.

Causing such celestial chaos was Athena's purpose. This was fascinating, but upsetting.
> You follow
Ardora was not at her domain.

Oberon looked into the stars and called, Ardora, would you like to speak with me?

There was silence.

He travelled to Earth.

She was not in Flora's old home. She was not in the Arctic. She was not even in the fifth or sixth skies.

Ardora, called Oberon once more.

"Why would Edol ever create these wonderful beings, then take them away from us?"

Ardora.

She was not on Earth. She travelled to a faraway star, sat on the top with her legs tucked close to herself.

Her hair floated through space, led Oberon to her.

May I join you? he asked.

"You may always," Ardora said.

He sat down beside her, looked off into the vast distance of space and time.

"I'm sorry for acting like this," Ardora said. "I really have been investigating the humans. But my mind and my heart are elsewhere."

I assumed as much, Oberon said.

"I don't understand how you can take souls like you do. It's heartbreaking."

Indeed.

"I could never do that."

Ardora rested her head on her knees. When her palms touched the star below her she turned it blue.

That is alright, Oberon said, because you are not here to sever souls. You are here to bring joy to humans.

Ardora slipped her hand into Oberon's.

Oberon felt a coolness wash through his arm.

Your beloved Flora is resting peacefully, Oberon said.

At that, a cold tear dripped from Ardora's eye.

She let her head rest against Oberon's shoulder.

He raised his other, raised his scythe into space and sliced a hole into Heaven.

Edol would berate him for doing such a thing, but Ardora deserved to see Flora one last time.

Stars appeared all around them with each of Ardora's heartbeats.
> You pining
"Irene likes you," Edol told Oberon one day.

Oberon turned and looked at Edol, almost surprised by his words.

That much is obvious, Oberon said.

"Yet you are oblivious to her," Edol said.

Pardon?

"She is taken by you, Oberon. Can't you see?"

Oberon had not seen. Irene had been just another God to him. She tended to the lifeforms Edol willed into existence, but she did have her own charm about her.

And Oberon realized perhaps he was taken by her as well.

Irene and Oberon spent many a day in Oberon's Domain. They spent many other days walking the Earth together.

Oberon admired how much Irene knew about all these living creatures. Irene admired how Oberon could take them away.

Edol could see and predict all, but was surprised when these two fell in love.

Oberon said, Do you suppose she likes flowers?

Edol said, "That's silly, Oberon. Of course she does."

Oberon said, Of course she does.

Oberon could not create flowers. He could not create anything. He was a being of death and only death.

He was alone in his domain another day, focused on a single seedling Irene had gifted him.

It rested in his boney palm.

With his other, he clenched his scythe, tried with all his might to will this seed to sprout.

No such luck.

Oberon sighed.

Irene was elegant and powerful. Sprouting seeds was the least of her worries, yet Oberon struggled with this simple task.

Oberon was certain he was in love when he realized he could not sprout this seed.

Irene was everything he was not, and that was exceptionally attractive to him.

Oberon had a difficult time with personal nuances.

He whispered, Irene, won't you join me? I am unable to sprout flowers for you, but my love for you is otherwise limitless.

And she was there, before him. Her body was nude and humanlike. Her wild, red hair sprouted in every direction, unlike Oberon's seed.

He stood, came close to her. His presence was intimidating, and the small Goddess looked up at him with eyes full of love.

"I am unable to kill. That is what I love about you, Oberon," she said.
> You thievery
Athena crept along one of the tall human buildings. She liked to dance along the wires above the city. She assumed the humans used these to communicate with one another from great distances apart.

When Athena swooped down to look closely at a mother and her child, she cut the wire with her blade. The wire was alive and landed in a puddle on the wet ground.

These humans were fascinating. They used means of electricity to communicate, yet the electricity itself was dangerous.

Athena saw this mother holding a little girl, walked towards the puddle.

Athena was basking in the inevitability when Oberon appeared and threw her against the brick wall of one of the human buildings.

What are you doing? hissed Oberon.

He sliced the topmost part of the wire so that it fell and died.

Athena's eyes were wide, frightened, yet she wanted to feel Oberon's wrath.

"I was watching the inevitable," Athena whispered.

You are forbidden to toil in the lives of these humans, Oberon said.

Oberon's words were dark and deep and terrifying. From beneath his cloak a darkness spread.

But Athena seemed indifferent.

"That is why I am here, Oberon. I know my place. And you should know yours," she said.

Athena grinned wildly.

The wire was dead but the mother fell. With her last strength, she held that little girl in her arms, protected her little head from that wet ground.

Oberon rushed to her side. Athena took notice of his affections towards humans.

"Her heart simply stopped beating," Athena whispered.

Oberon was livid with Athena. The child in her mother's arms began to weep, looked at Oberon with large eyes.

Both Athena and Oberon were startled when a Goddess appeared beside them.

Athena was atonished, watched this white-haired Goddess take the child in her arms.

Humans around them began to shout, point at the collapsed mother. But some continued on, must have not heard the stinging cries of the little girl.

Oberon severed the mother's soul, but there was no soul to sever.

There was no thief.

Unless this Goddess was the Soul Thief.

But if she was, she hardly looked like one.
> You demands
Athena electrified an arrow and shot at this white-haired Goddess.

Oberon shouted at Athena, but the arrow landed in the Goddess' shoulder before it turned to dust and faded away.

This Goddess looked over her pale shoulder at Athena, held the weeping child close to her.

"You caused this," the Goddess whispered, but her voice was so soft and light she was hardly heard.

But Oberon did hear, reached out towards this Goddess to pacify her.

But as he touched her shoulder, he recoiled as a flash of light burned his hand.

She had Athena's powers.

"Tell us who you are!" shouted the startled Athena.

But the Goddess pulled the child close and broke open a seam in the ground, faded in an instant into the Earth, much like Oberon could.

Oberon vanished.

Athena looked on at the dead mother, her child gone and taken by an unknown Goddess.

An unknown Goddess of electricty and light like Athena.

"You humans," hissed Athena at the mother.

The crowd did not seem to notice the child had vanished. Sirens rang in the distance and soon enough the weeping of hundreds of humans was suddenly unbearable to the Goddess of War.

Athena returned to her domain, collapsed upon her velvet sofa.
> You chaos
Athena said, "Who is she?"

A being of light and dark. A being with long white hair unlike anything Athena had ever seen. What was there left which needed its own Goddess?

Athena beckoned Despond, who appeared with a baby bird upon his shoulder.

"What is that?" Athena asked him.

"A bird. Irene gave him to me. His name is Faulkner."

Despond seemed charmed by this little bird, spoke its name lovingly.

Irene had never gifted anything to me, Athena thought.

"There is a new Goddess," Athena said.

"What?"

"Indeed. She is unpenetrable by my arrows. Despond, no one is unpenetrable to my arrows!"

Athena's hair was curled and wild, flew up in different directions as she spoke. Her eyes lit up gold with anger.

Despond was startled.

"What is her name?" he asked.

"I don't know. She vanished into the Earth. I need you to go and find her."

"I'm too busy for such a frivolous matter," Despond said, pet the bird in his hands. "I'm sure we will meet this Goddess in time."

But Athena refused to wait, disappeared and went to look for Irene.

Irene was not there but her domain was ever lovely and lively. Athena touched Irene's flowers and animals and spread invasive creatures as she walked.

Bugs ate the flowers and predatory birds ate those bugs. Irene's Domain would be overwhelmed in time.

Athena was furious for reasons beyond even herself, at this Goddess and at Irene.

Athena shouted, "You little Goddess, come speak to me! Tell me who you are!"

"My name is Mira. You must be Athena," called a soft, familiar voice.
> You meeting
Athena turned to look at Mira.

Mira was taller than Athena and had long white hair that flittered around her. She had the presence of Oberon but the face of Athena.

Mira's skin glowed too, and from her back she sprouted her large, white wings.

Athena was far more intimidated now, stepped back from Mira.

"Why are you here?" Athena demanded.

"I had to rescue that child," said Mira.

While Athena shouted, Mira spoke softly and clearly.

Athena looked Mira up and down, refused to believe she could have created a God as soft yet bright as this one.

Mira seemed to read Athena's thoughts. She said, "You and Oberon created me. And for that, I am thankful. Yet I am very lost and confused. The only thing I know for certain is that my name is Mira."

Mira tried to muster a smile for Athena. But Athena was offended, sulked back and deeper into Irene's Domain.

"That's not possible. What do you do?" Athena asked.

"I don't know," said the Goddess with angel wings.

She said, "I don't mean to frighten you, Athena."

"I'm not frightened," hissed Athena.

Athena vanished, returned to her own domain.

Mira stood, alone, in Irene's Domain.

She went along and vanquished all the pests Athena had put there. It seemed like her calling.

She had not met Irene, but tucked glittering gems in the petals of Irene's flowers.

As the morning light struck the tall windows within Irene's Domain, not only did those gems shimmer, but so did this new Goddess.
> You mira
At the beginning, Mira spent much of her time exploring Earth like new Gods tend to do. She noticed that Edol poured a lot of care and passion into these humans.

The small ones were particularly joyful to watch. While the big humans toiled about at their jobs and watching other humans on flickering screens, these small humans preferred to be outside and playing.

The children on the far side of Earth often played in the large grassy fields Irene had cultivated. The children on the near side of Earth dashed through the stone streets and called Tag! But no matter from where they came, they were all amused by simple objects and created their own tools and toys.

Mira found them clever, how they built these minature forts and houses, and how easily they slipped into games as if they were other humans altogether.

Mira deeply desired to play with them, and it was the day some children on the stone streets built a fort in an alleyway she decided to join them.

So she created her human form.

And Mira's human form was one of these young humans with long black hair done up like the women of the time.

She called herself Mira.

"May I play with you?" she asked the children.

That was a silly question, Mira discovered, because all Mira had to do to play was have her own sword. That was, two pieces of wood bound together by nails.

It was fascinating. These children were fascinating.

Mira enjoyed herself for quite some time. She realized why the other gods admired these beings so much, especially the small ones.
> You continue
Oberon visited Irene's Domain.

There were gems in the flowers and sprinkled all along the ground.

And it was lively and beautiful as always. Birds chirped at Oberon as if to greet him.

But Irene was nowhere to be found.

He sat upon the edge of the fountain that trickled water into the clear pond beneath it.

Irene, he called. My lap is cold, perhaps you could come soothe this issue.

But Irene did not appear.

Irene, Oberon said again. She had been bringing Spring to Earth, but it never took her this long. And besides, she would drop everything for Oberon anyway.

Oberon grew anxious as he called once more.

His Goddess finally appeared. She seemed a lighter shade of green than usual.

"Oh Oberon," she said.

She rushed towards him, kissed him again and again as if they had been apart for centuries.

Irene did indeed slip into his lap, but she was saddened.

What is wrong? Oberon asked. He moved his hands through her hair, which did not float as high as it usually did.

Tears fell from Irene's eyes as she stared at him. Her lips trembled as if words she was forbidden to say desired to escape them.

Irene, said Oberon, put his hand on her face.

She held his hand that held her.

"Not here, come. Come with me."

She pressed her lips against the side of his head as she spoke.

Oberon understood, took Irene in his arms and they travelled to his domain.

Irene refused to leave his arms as he sat upon his throne.

She pulled him close and said, "Edol knows about the humans' souls."

It was inevitable, Oberon said.

"I have reason to believe he is behind this, Oberon. He knew all along. And he didn't do anything to stop it."

Oberon shifted, clutched the arm of his throne. Darkness seeped from his cloak and along the floor.

"I watched him destroy an entire galaxy. He told me not to tell anyone, but I had to tell you."

Irene pressed her face deep into Oberon's robes. Oberon held her, contemplated what this meant for the Gods.

As she cried, the tears rolled down the fabric, sprouted dark seedlings between the stones of Oberon's Domain.
> You simple
Spring was simple in the past. There were many types of animals and plants, but they were only a few compared the the millions that existed later on.

Some of which Edol created, but Irene poured much of her heart into her own new creations.

Oberon insisted she keep record of all these new creatures, but Irene said they were only to exist. There did not have to be a reason or record they did.

Oberon had never thought of life that way before. Edol created living things as if Earth was merely a system, as if it was a duty he placed upon himself.

But Irene created for joy. She wanted something soft to hold when Oberon was not there, so she created deer.

When Irene wanted something sturdy and thick-skinned so that it might live in the cold, she created this enormous mammal that could swim in water.

A mammal that swims? inquired Oberon.

"Yes. Why must they be contained to land? They are large and deserve to swim freely."

They danced in the water like Irene danced in the air. They were mesmerizing to Oberon, but not as mesmerizing as Irene.

Oberon knew better than to keep records, but he did remember every new thing Irene created.

And she had fallen asleep in his arms. Irene rarely slept, but she was very peaceful and beautiful when she did.

But she was always beautiful to Oberon.

Oberon did not sleep. He felt no reason to. But now that he had no souls to sever, what else was he to do?
> You mention
Mira wandered into Despond's Domain one day, for his was close to hers and she must have missed a step.

Despond was started, shot a bolt of fire at her before he realized who she was.

Mira seemed unfazed. The fire struck her but did no harm.

"What are you doing here?" Despond demanded.

"I'm Mira. You must be Despond. I did not mean to come here but I'm glad I finally get to meet you," Mira said.

She smiled but Despond scowled.

"You are that Goddess Athena created," Despond said.

"Yes, but I would like to be known for more than that."

"You have Irene's beauty," Despond said. "But I wonder what Oberon has given you."

Despond didn't have to wonder for long. Mira was direct and did not understand Despond's tone of voice.

"Me too," Mira said.

"Do you have any powers?" Despond asked.

"The humans have no souls. That is because Edol took them all," Mira said.

Despond was silent, stunned.

"What?"

"I don't know what my powers are. But I do know I have callings. And I answer them," she said, then quickly added, "like how I stole that child. I knew I had to, but I didn't know why. But now it has worked out well."

Despond immediately summoned Athena, told Mira to tell Athena what she told him.

Athena was surprised as well, but also excited. This meant chaos.

"Little Goddess of Peace," Athena said. "I don't believe you are of Peace at all."

Mira was confused.
> You oberon
Irene was awakened when the doors of Oberon's Domain crashed open with the fury of three angered Gods and one who simply agreed to follow.

"Edol knew that the humans were losing their souls," Athena said.

Irene looked at Oberon before she stood from his lap.

"We know," Irene said to the Gods.

"What are we to do?" Asked Ardora.

"We should have never trusted Edol," said Despond.

"Oberon should smite Edol," offered Athena.

"I sense the worst is yet to come," said Mira.

The Gods fell silent and looked at Mira.

Oberon stood and then everyone's gazes turned to him.

I will speak to Edol, Oberon said.

"You can't. He's irrational and too powerful," Irene interjected.

We must find a solution to this problem. And if that means I have to face Edol's wrath, I will, Oberon said.

Irene's eyes flickered over Oberon with love and fear.

He went and slipped his hand into Irene's, faced the other Gods.

You all are best to leave. Go far away and hide.

"The humans," Ardora said.

Irene held Oberon's hand close to herself. She said, "Oberon."

He swept Irene up in his arms and kissed her.

Ardora was about to weep but her heart also flittered.

Despond felt the warmth of these two Gods, even if he did not appreciate it.

Athena was bored.

And Mira was impassioned much like Ardora.

Go, now. Leave this galaxy for now. I will try to protect the humans, but Edol is unpredictable.

Irene was hesitant to leave Oberon's side.

Each of the Gods vanished one by one. Mira nodded at Oberon and Irene before she left as well.

Oberon looked to Irene, leaned down on a knee before her.

She was weeping.

I love you, Irene.

"Don't speak to me like that, as if you're going to die," she pleaded.

He held her hands in his own.

I assure you, as long as you exist, my love, I am unstoppable.

"Oberon! I love you!" Irene said.

But as she went to hold him, he vanished her, sent her far away, to the farthest reaches of the universe.

Oberon stood, felt his heart heavy in his ribcage, and went to speak to Edol.
> You conversation
"You have come here to vanquish me," Edol said.

The God of Life and Creation stood by the shattered windows of his domain, gazed down upon the prosperous Earth of his own doing.

What you have done to the humans is sinful, unforgivable, Oberon said.

"It was only a matter of time. Heaven is limited, and so are the Hells. They prefer so much to be there on Earth, so let them be there forever."

Edol's eyes were golden, peered over at Oberon through broken eyeglasses.

Edol said, "Let them be there so that Ardora or Irene might cherish them forever. That is what they desire. That is what Irene desires. But I wouldn't know. She desires you and only you, after all."

This is about Irene, noted Oberon.

Oberon crept closer, floated along the floor. Edol's golden rays extended towards Oberon, as if to warn him.

Another entire universe flashed into existence as Edol struck a bolt of light into Oberon's chest.

Oberon recoiled. His robes were set afire but he quickly put them out.

He summoned his scythe, raised it above his head and brought it down over Edol's head.

The scythe sliced Edol in two. And with Oberon's strike, many, many stars exploded into black holes in the distance.

But Edol was unaffected. He pulled himself back together and shot bolt after bolt of the hideous golden light at Oberon.

This is useless, hissed Oberon.

Oberon's darkness crept up his scythe as he brought it down upon Edol once more. But it was no use. Neither of them could be destroyed.

But Oberon, in a fury, kept slicing at Edol, forced him backwards towards the wall where the glass panes were broken.

"Oberon!" called a voice.

Edol was now more a mass of light than a man, slithered back together as Oberon turned to see who called for him.

Irene.

She raised her arms. Vines tangled up and all around Edol's Domain. They grasped at Edol's limbs, restrained him.

Despond followed suit, blew fire at Edol's mass.

And soon Ardora froze his light.

But none of this was any use.

Edol reformed, tore from Irene's vines and broke free from the ice.

He snapped his fingers and Irene appeared beside him.

"I cannot kill you," Edol declared, "but I can kill that of which means the most to you."

Edol took Irene by the arm, and in an instant drove his fist through her chest.

She gasped. Oberon shouted.

Irene collapsed as her skin and bones began to flake away like a wilted flower.

Oberon was stunned and furious. He felt the fury of all the Gods combined, and now fear that he had lost his true love.

Everything turned dark. The stars all around Earth faded into nothing. Earth eventually faded into nothing.

There was just Edol and Oberon, like it had been at the creation of the universe.

Oberon lifted his mighty scythe, powered by will and fear and unfathomable anger.

The cries of Irene fell silent and the crack of Edol's golden bones and the tearing of his golden skin was the only thing anyone heard for one second.

Edol vanished into dust and shattered Oberon's scythe as he died.

Edol's Domain began to collapse. Oberon took Irene in his arms and forgot about the other Gods.

~~~

And then they were on Earth. Oberon held the wilting Irene in his arms, cradled her, begged her to stay.

"Oberon," she said. Her eyes had turned white. Vines seeped from beneath the soil and entrapped her limbs, and Oberon as well.

She reached up to touch his face, pressed her fingers beneath that dark cloak.

You mustn't, whispered Oberon.

"I love you, Oberon," Irene said. "I always loved you. I think you're perfect."

But her words faded and so did she.

Her skin kept flaking away until there was nothing left of her. Until Oberon held nothing left of her but white roses in his palms.

And in her wake, Irene left a bountiful forest that stretched far along the near side of Earth.

Oberon wept. Oberon felt a deep sadness he had never felt before.

He remained still for several days before Ardora finally found him.

She placed a gentle hand upon his shoulder, before collapsing around him as she held him.

And Oberon turned and held Ardora as well. His tears were endless. As were Ardora's.

But as each of Oberon's tears fell onto the Earthly floor, they sprouted the white roses.
> You creation
As Edol died, Mira turned from white to gold.

They had scattered from Edol's Domain as it began to collapse, found themselves in the stars watching Mira change color.

She was like young star.

Despond watched with amazement. Athena had actually feared this was chaos even she could not withstand.

Mira looked at her hands now turned golden like Edol's.

"Mira," Despond said, "you must be our new Sage."

Mira was not ready for any such responsiblity, but she knew deep in her heart she was meant to be.

"What does this mean?" she asked.

"You must answer that yourself, Little Goddess," said Athena.

"The humans," Mira said.

Athena and Despond looked at each other.

Mira said, "We must return the humans' souls back to them. Immediately!"

She grasped the arms of Athena and Despond, brought them to Earth to fix the disaster Edol had caused.

And these three Gods, of War, of Despair and of Peace, returned to Earth to deliever the humans' souls back to them, where these souls rightfully belonged. And where they would not be touched again in any case of enraged, godly jealousy.

And for once, Athena and Despond found themselves not so much causing trouble, but fixing trouble.

Despond had seperated himself from these pitiful creatures since his loss of his beloved Zacharie, but found a new hope and joy within humans watching them venture into Heaven.

Athena had yet to be convinced these humans were as worthwhile, but did enjoy sending them to the Hells.

And Mira looked on at her work and found that perhaps she belonged here on Earth as well, as not a God to humans, but as a friend.
> You adoration
Ardora finally managed to convince Oberon to return to his domain.

But now his domain was cold and dead without the touches of his beloved Irene.

Ardora replanted the white roses around Oberon's fountain, said to him, "We will never forget her, Oberon."

Oberon stared on at those shimmering flowers as Ardora kissed his head.

And when she kissed him, there formed a new Goddess before them.

A childlike Goddess with skin that was green like Irene's.

This Goddess had Ardora's long green hair but the big blue eyes of Irene, of which looked on at Oberon with the same affection Irene had looked upon him with when they first met.

Oberon was surprised.

Irene, he said.

"My name is Vida," the Goddess said. She had a soft, kind smile.

And in her little hands she had flower seeds. They fell onto the ground and began to sprout.

Ardora lovingly gasped.

Hello, Vida, Oberon greeted, although still shocked. I am Oberon.

"Will you be my friend, Oberon?" Vida asked him.

Of course. I shall be your friend forever if you so desire, Vida.

"I would like that very much."

Ardora felt her heart swell, even if there still existed a hole within it for some time. And Oberon had a hole in his heart that never quite healed, but this new Goddess Vida tried her damnest to fill it at every waking moment.

And Mira enchanted Nicolai Foo-Foo so that he might never die, so he bounced around Vida and made her laugh, which was like beautiful bells to Oberon.
> You end
"And that is why the sun rises and sets every day," Bunni's grandmother told her.

Bunni was deeply unsatisfied with this story.

"But what about Oberon?" she asked. "Is he happy? Doesn't losing the love of his life still upset him? And do we finally have our souls back, Nana?"

"Bunny you are far too inquisitive," Nana laughed. "It's just a story."

"It's just a story," Bunni said.

But Bunni knew better.

"Indeed. Now get some sleep. If you wake up early enough you might see Mira pulling up the sun," Nana said.

Nana kissed Bunni's forehead and turned off the lights.

Bunni knew Mira didn't pull up the sun. And Bunni knew Oberon was still greatly devastated. And sometimes Bunni feared Nana's soul hadn't been returned yet.

She crept out of bed and pulled open the window.

She peered out at the starry night sky, looked around to see if Oberon was nearby collecting any souls.

Alas, there was nothing, and no one to believe her anyway. But Bunni was sure the Wolf in the dark cloak was still out there somewhere, and beside him his daughter Vida laughing and creating life.

It is very late, Bunni, why are you not asleep?

The End.
> You concept Art
<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Spring was simple in the past. There were many types of animals and plants, but they were only a few compared the the millions that existed later on.

Some of which Edol created, but Irene poured much of her heart into her own new creations.

Oberon insisted she keep record of all these new creatures, but Irene said they were only to exist. There did not have to be a reason or record they did.

Oberon had never thought of life that way before. Edol created living things as if Earth was merely a system, as if it was a duty he placed upon himself.

But Irene created for joy. She wanted something soft to hold when Oberon was not there, so she created deer.

When Irene wanted something sturdy and thick-skinned so that it might live in the cold, she created this enormous mammal that could swim in water.

A mammal that swims? inquired Oberon.

"Yes. Why must they be contained to land? They are large and deserve to swim freely."

They danced in the water like Irene danced in the air. They were mesmerizing to Oberon, but not as mesmerizing as Irene.

Oberon knew better than to keep records, but he did remember every new thing Irene created.

And she had fallen asleep in his arms. Irene rarely slept, but she was very peaceful and beautiful when she did.

But she was always beautiful to Oberon.

Oberon did not sleep. He felt no reason to. But now that he had no souls to sever, what else was he to do?
> You discovery
Ardora felt a sadness within her heart. It weighed down within her even as she played with the humans.

She thought Despond must have been behind this, but she hadn't seen him on Earth since they fought.

And now there was a new Goddess running about, one of which Ardora had not even met yet.

Needless to say, Ardora was anxious and sad and knowing her precious humans had no souls was crippling.

Female humans gathered around her and kissed and touched her and she them, but nothing could rid her of these intense feelings.

When a cold tear slipped down her face, Ardora excused herself and travelled to the stars.

She paced around her domain before she felt the pull of harsh emotions somewhere else among the stars.

She stood just outside Edol's Domain, listened closely.

She felt Edol's heart beat wildly. She felt his hot anger and she had to take her fingers from the door lest she burn them.

As she walked along Edol's Domain, she froze the marble floor. The water sizzled and evaporated.

He had struck a bolt of golden light through the tall windows. They shattered and fell and cut his skin.

"Edol," Ardora called.

Edol turned sharply. His eyes were golden before they rested on Ardora, then they faded.

"Ardora," he said.

"What's wrong?" Ardora asked.

Edol stuttered for words.

"It's nothing. Nothing, Ardora. What are you doing here?"

"I felt your anger."

Edol should have known. He should have left the galaxy before he was upset.

"Are you alright?" Ardora pleaded.

Edol felt frustrated. Ardora was just another creation of Irene and Oberon's love and she was miserable for him to bear any longer.

"Yes. Leave me be," he said.

But Ardora did not have a chance to say another word. He vanished her back to her domain.

Ardora knew something was wrong.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Oberon visited Irene's Domain.

There were gems in the flowers and sprinkled all along the ground.

And it was lively and beautiful as always. Birds chirped at Oberon as if to greet him.

But Irene was nowhere to be found.

He sat upon the edge of the fountain that trickled water into the clear pond beneath it.

Irene, he called. My lap is cold, perhaps you could come soothe this issue.

But Irene did not appear.

Irene, Oberon said again. She had been bringing Spring to Earth, but it never took her this long. And besides, she would drop everything for Oberon anyway.

Oberon grew anxious as he called once more.

His Goddess finally appeared. She seemed a lighter shade of green than usual.

"Oh Oberon," she said.

She rushed towards him, kissed him again and again as if they had been apart for centuries.

Irene did indeed slip into his lap, but she was saddened.

What is wrong? Oberon asked. He moved his hands through her hair, which did not float as high as it usually did.

Tears fell from Irene's eyes as she stared at him. Her lips trembled as if words she was forbidden to say desired to escape them.

Irene, said Oberon, put his hand on her face.

She held his hand that held her.

"Not here, come. Come with me."

She pressed her lips against the side of his head as she spoke.

Oberon understood, took Irene in his arms and they travelled to his domain.

Irene refused to leave his arms as he sat upon his throne.

She pulled him close and said, "Edol knows about the humans' souls."

It was inevitable, Oberon said.

"I have reason to believe he is behind this, Oberon. He knew all along. And he didn't do anything to stop it."

Oberon shifted, clutched the arm of his throne. Darkness seeped from his cloak and along the floor.

"I watched him destroy an entire galaxy. He told me not to tell anyone, but I had to tell you."

Irene pressed her face deep into Oberon's robes. Oberon held her, contemplated what this meant for the Gods.

As she cried, the tears rolled down the fabric, sprouted dark seedlings between the stones of Oberon's Domain.
> You bunny
The rabbit named Nicolai Foo-Foo bounced around Oberon's Domain and chewed on the sparse grass.

Irene was scolding Oberon, saying she couldn't keep the grass growing if he refused to water it.

He said, Nicolai prefers parsley. Perhaps you ought to plant some of that instead.

But that was just an excuse so that Irene would turn away from Oberon and bend over to plant it.

He snapped his fingers and the grass all turned to dust.

Irene looked over her shoulder at him but she couldn't keep a mean face.

So she bent over and planted parsley instead.

Oberon could have watched Irene plant parsley until the Hells froze over.

Irene fetched human wine and smoking pipes for Oberon to try. She said the humans turned fermented fruit into wine to create delicious, alcoholic conconctions.

This is peculiar, Oberon said as he tasted it.

He did not so much care for the taste but he humored Irene.

But the smoke was miserable and he said, Why would any human do this? Now this is vile.

"They make that with plants. It might be vile, but these humans are very clever with their resources. They use all these things I create for them. The animals they use right down to the bone. They're very intelligent," Irene cooed.

Oberon pulled her close and kissed her. At this time, Oberon was not all that fascinated with humans yet, although Irene was beautiful even when she swooned over these creatures.

But what now? Oberon thought as Irene rested in his lap. Will my lively Irene ever return?

He touched her hair, tangled it around his fingers.

This was all Edol's fault.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Athena turned to look at Mira.

Mira was taller than Athena and had long white hair that flittered around her. She had the presence of Oberon but the face of Athena.

Mira's skin glowed too, and from her back she sprouted her large, white wings.

Athena was far more intimidated now, stepped back from Mira.

"Why are you here?" Athena demanded.

"I had to rescue that child," said Mira.

While Athena shouted, Mira spoke softly and clearly.

Athena looked Mira up and down, refused to believe she could have created a God as soft yet bright as this one.

Mira seemed to read Athena's thoughts. She said, "You and Oberon created me. And for that, I am thankful. Yet I am very lost and confused. The only thing I know for certain is that my name is Mira."

Mira tried to muster a smile for Athena. But Athena was offended, sulked back and deeper into Irene's Domain.

"That's not possible. What do you do?" Athena asked.

"I don't know," said the Goddess with angel wings.

She said, "I don't mean to frighten you, Athena."

"I'm not frightened," hissed Athena.

Athena vanished, returned to her own domain.

Mira stood, alone, in Irene's Domain.

She went along and vanquished all the pests Athena had put there. It seemed like her calling.

She had not met Irene, but tucked glittering gems in the petals of Irene's flowers.

As the morning light struck the tall windows within Irene's Domain, not only did those gems shimmer, but so did this new Goddess.
> You child
Oberon took up the child in his arms.

She awakened and stared at him with large blue eyes. And from her little head were two red braids, tied with blue ribbons that now threatened to fall from her hair.

She was silent, looked up at Oberon with amazement he only witnessed from Irene.

"Wolf," she said.

Hello, Bunni, Oberon greeted. It has been awhile. My, how you have grown.

She laughed at him and his funny voice.

It was like a chiming bell, her laughing.

Mira looked on at Oberon with similiar wonder before he began to step up and back towards Earth.

Bunni was a good child, spoke in full, coherent sentences but was still mindless enough that she desired to know what was beneath Oberon's hood.

There is nothing there besides an old skeleton, my dear, he said.

But Bunni grasped the edges of his cloak, pulled it down from his head.

She was not at all fearful of this old skeleton. Instead, she poked the holes of his eyesockets and touched his bumpy teeth.

Now now, Bunni, that is rude. You did not even ask. I would have shown you if you asked.

Bunni grinned and said, "I'm sorry."

Don't apologize now. You are curious, Bunni. Make sure you stay that way.

The two arrived at Bunni's mother's apartment. There gathered her family, weeping for the loss of their beloved, but also for her missing child.

"She's been gone for weeks," exclaimed one older woman.

"She's dead, I know it. It is all we have left of Alayane and she's dead," said another.

Bunni appeared on the doorsteps, spread her arms open for her grandmother to hold her.

Oberon loomed near until Bunni was found.

He pulled his hood back over his head and said, Good day, Bunni.

The child did not comprehend the loss of her mother until some time later. And Oberon felt a deep sadness in his chest the day Bunni wept.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Athena electrified an arrow and shot at this white-haired Goddess.

Oberon shouted at Athena, but the arrow landed in the Goddess' shoulder before it turned to dust and faded away.

This Goddess looked over her pale shoulder at Athena, held the weeping child close to her.

"You caused this," the Goddess whispered, but her voice was so soft and light she was hardly heard.

But Oberon did hear, reached out towards this Goddess to pacify her.

But as he touched her shoulder, he recoiled as a flash of light burned his hand.

She had Athena's powers.

"Tell us who you are!" shouted the startled Athena.

But the Goddess pulled the child close and broke open a seam in the ground, faded in an instant into the Earth, much like Oberon could.

Oberon vanished.

Athena looked on at the dead mother, her child gone and taken by an unknown Goddess.

An unknown Goddess of electricty and light like Athena.

"You humans," hissed Athena at the mother.

The crowd did not seem to notice the child had vanished. Sirens rang in the distance and soon enough the weeping of hundreds of humans was suddenly unbearable to the Goddess of War.

Athena returned to her domain, collapsed upon her velvet sofa.
> You goddess
The child's weeping grew silent as Mira held her close. The child listened to Mira's raging heartbeat as they fell through the crevice Mira had struck through Earth.

Mira had shimmering white hair and white skin. She had large angelic wings that extended as she left Earth. They moved aside rocks and boulders as she descended to her domain.

And she indeed did descend, like Oberon when he desired to return to his domain. But she had light and electricity in her palms, much like Athena.

Mira did not know why she existed. She had just met Sage Edol when an overwhelming force compelled her to take this child.

And she set this child down upon a pillow in her stone domain before she realized what she had done.

The child was now asleep, seemed lulled by Mira's calm aura, even if Mira did not feel calm at all.

She brought her fingers to her long, smooth hair and grasped the locks.

"Oh no. I've done something wrong. I've done something terribly wrong," she whispered.

Mira had little idea of what she had done wrong exactly, but she knew that she was a Goddess, and this sleeping child was human. And human children were perhaps not meant to be in Gods' Domains.

Mira was the Goddess of Peace and Tranquility, and for a Goddess of Peace and Tranquility, she was not so good at her work.

She slipped into her stone throne, anxiously gazed upon this child with red hair and a soft, snoozing face. She felt the child's small breaths and it seemed to calm her.

"Why am I here?" Mira asked herself.

I would like to know the same, Oberon said.

Mira gasped, looked over to see the tall and daunting Oberon standing beside her.

"I'm sorry," she stuttered.

She stood from her throne. Her wings flapped and pulled her from the ground.

Oberon looked between Mira's fantastic wings and the child who rested.

My name is Oberon.

"Are you a God?" she asked.

I am, Oberon said. And so are you.

"My name is Mira," said Mira.

It is a pleasure to meet you, Mira.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Athena crept along one of the tall human buildings. She liked to dance along the wires above the city. She assumed the humans used these to communicate with one another from great distances apart.

When Athena swooped down to look closely at a mother and her child, she cut the wire with her blade. The wire was alive and landed in a puddle on the wet ground.

These humans were fascinating. They used means of electricity to communicate, yet the electricity itself was dangerous.

Athena saw this mother holding a little girl, walked towards the puddle.

Athena was basking in the inevitability when Oberon appeared and threw her against the brick wall of one of the human buildings.

What are you doing? hissed Oberon.

He sliced the topmost part of the wire so that it fell and died.

Athena's eyes were wide, frightened, yet she wanted to feel Oberon's wrath.

"I was watching the inevitable," Athena whispered.

You are forbidden to toil in the lives of these humans, Oberon said.

Oberon's words were dark and deep and terrifying. From beneath his cloak a darkness spread.

But Athena seemed indifferent.

"That is why I am here, Oberon. I know my place. And you should know yours," she said.

Athena grinned wildly.

The wire was dead but the mother fell. With her last strength, she held that little girl in her arms, protected her little head from that wet ground.

Oberon rushed to her side. Athena took notice of his affections towards humans.

"Her heart simply stopped beating," Athena whispered.

Oberon was livid with Athena. The child in her mother's arms began to weep, looked at Oberon with large eyes.

Both Athena and Oberon were startled when a Goddess appeared beside them.

Athena was atonished, watched this white-haired Goddess take the child in her arms.

Humans around them began to shout, point at the collapsed mother. But some continued on, must have not heard the stinging cries of the little girl.

Oberon severed the mother's soul, but there was no soul to sever.

There was no thief.

Unless this Goddess was the Soul Thief.

But if she was, she hardly looked like one.
> You inquiries
Who are you? Oberon asked.

She was white-haired and white-skinned, this Goddess who held tightly the child in her arms.

She had met Oberon's gaze before Athena shot her with an arrow. But the arrow did nothing but shatter and turn to dust.

The Goddess winced, looked at Athena and said, "You caused this."

"Who are you?" demanded Athena.

Oberon reached for this Goddess, recoiled when her light burned his palm.

And suddenly, this Goddess struck a crack in the ground, sank deep into the Earth and vanished.

This Goddess had the powers of both Athena and Oberon.

And Athena watched Oberon vanish to find Edol.

Edol was not at his domain. Edol was not even among the stars.

Oberon did not mind that a new Goddess appeared, but he did mind that she carried a child with her, into parts of the universe no human was to see.

Edol, demanded Oberon.

He raised his scythe and split the marble floor of Edol's Domain in two. If anything, Edol would be upset Oberon did such a thing and rush to berate him.

But Edol was gone.

Irene appeared by Oberon's side.

"Oberon, what is happening?"

There is a Goddess running about with a human child, Irene, Oberon said.

"Athena?"

No, no. A new Goddess. She was created by Athena and I. And I cannot find Edol.

"Edol went to another galaxy for awhile," Irene said.

The darkness within Oberon's cloak flickered and crept along the floor.

At a time like this? Oberon hissed.

Irene touched his shoulder and immediately the darkness dissipated.

"I will go search for Edol. You find this Goddess," Irene said.

Oberon would regret agreeing to such a mission.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Ardora had tears in her eyes, stared at Despond before she vanished.

"She can't treat me like this," Despond told Irene before he left as well.

Athena had been looking between Ardora and Despond, basking in their delicious feuding. She turned and looked at Oberon and Irene.

Irene was frustrated. Her hands were fists and her hair fell on her shoulders.

Those two, mused Oberon.

"You go and find Ardora. I'll speak to Despond," Irene told Oberon.

"The humans," said Athena.

I have more important matters to attend to than consoling Ardora, Oberon told Irene.

But he only said such a thing because he was terrible at consoling Ardora.

"We need to solve this issue. That is our duty, Oberon," Irene scolded.

She stood tall, kissed him and said, "Ardora admires you and she will listen. Go on and speak to her."

Oberon took Irene's hand and pressed a kiss into her skin.

And Despond loves you, perhaps even more than I do.

Irene smiled.

And Athena felt awkward sitting there before these two.

Oberon turned to her and said, You busy yourself, Athena. If you cause any trouble you will be hearing from me.

And if you dare tell Edol about any of this, I assure you the consequences will be severe.

"Yes, Oberon," Athena said, but the thought of punishment was almost exciting to the troublemaking Goddess.

Irene slipped away through the ground and Oberon lifted his scythe.

"I simply must find the culprit of this thievery," mused Athena.

Causing such celestial chaos was Athena's purpose. This was fascinating, but upsetting.
> You soothe
Despond was simple to find because he left a trail of fire in his wake.

Irene found him striking stars in space and turning them red with his touch.

"Despond," called Irene.

He did not look at her, turned to a small planet and set it afire.

She drifted towards him, put a hand on his shoulder.

He was hot to the touch.

But he trembled, and when he looked over his shoulder at Irene, there were tears dripping from his eyes. His face was so hot they immediately evaporated.

"My love," Irene said.

Despond was silent, allowed Irene to hold his head and shoulders close to her.

"I fell in love with a human, Irene. I loved a human, Irene. But now he's dead, Irene."

Irene had never known such a thing. And if Oberon knew, he never told her.

"Despond, oh Despond. I'm sorry. It's terrible. It's miserable. I know. I watch my creations die every year."

"Why would Edol create these humans when they simply die?" Despond pleaded.

He held Irene close to him, wept into her hair.

With every tear, peppers would bloom, fall away and drift through the endless space.

Irene did not know the answer to that.

At that moment, Irene felt as if she did not know anything.

Why was Edol so merciless like this?

She ushered Despond at least back to his domain.

Irene planted prickly cactus and bloomed them all around Despond's Domain.

Despond sat and watched her. He admired her gentle touch of life.

"I feel like I can only destroy," he said to her.

She formed something in her palms, opened them to Despond.

It was a baby bird. A yellow-eyed hawk.

Despond took it as gently as he could. It chirped softly in his hands.

"What does this mean?" he asked.

"I think you have powers unknown to even yourself, Despond," Irene told him. "I have faith you can raise this little bird into something strong and powerful, just like you."

Irene smiled at Despond, who was rather taken by this twittering creature.

"Thank you, Irene."

"Always, my love."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The night was indeed peaceful on Earth. The Spring rains finally gave way to the stars that glittered in that black sky.

This was a time before the humans polluted the sky with their own light. The stars above seemed taken aback, decided to shine less and less in the following years.

But humans had existed for a few thousand years as Irene and Oberon walked through bushy plains in North America.

She held his hand tightly in her own, pointed at the stars Edol had created, and their names and how far they were from this planet Earth.

Oberon cared only for one star Edol had created, and she was walking beside him, and as she walked flowers sprouted in her footsteps. And as she touched him, vines grew up his arms and bloomed.

He knew all the stars in the universe, their locations and their names, but he told Irene he did not, so that she would go on and on with that sweet voice of hers.

He said, I always thought humans were peculiar, spending their time staring up at orbs of light that are certainly not as spectacular as they seem, but from here they are almost magical.

"Most things are magical," Irene said.

Oberon felt the only thing that was magical was the warmth of love for this Goddess inside his chest.

"Don't stare at me like that," Irene teased.

She leapt from her feet, danced through the air and lit these vast grasslands with tiny orbs of light like the ones in the sky. They were insects that flittered through the air, called to one-another with their own light, of all things.

Oberon was not fond of insects, but again, he knew these were almost magical.

And if Irene found anything magical, Oberon was sure to as well.
> You argument
Ardora had always been emotional. It was part of her nature.

Despond had always been calculating. It was part of his nature.

They clashed. And often.

They clashed like the humans on Earth did. They had different ideals, different desires. Ardora could not fathom how Despond was so despaired with an Earth like this to explore. Despond could not fathom how Ardora was always so forgiving of these sinful humans.

Despond collected scars on his human form from Ardora.

He said, "You're not supposed to use your powers in your human form."

Ardora just threw sharp icicles at him.

But for a short time at the beginning of their Godships, Ardora and Despond quite admired each other.

Ardora was older than Despond but she found him handsome and clever.

Despond thought Ardora was prettier than even Irene and he admired her willpower.

But Ardora became upset one rainy day on Earth, when Despond set an entire human village on fire.

He did not so much start it himself. He simply, accidentally, knocked a torch from its place, blew its flames higher and higher until the humans started running and weeping.

"What have you done?" demanded Ardora.

"Just a bit of fun, Ardora," Despond assured her.

It was at that moment Ardora suddenly did not know this newly-created Despond to be who she thought he was.

She watched her precious humans weep as they lost their homes in this raging fire. She implored Irene to bring in rain, but it helped these wooden homes little.

With a fist of ice, she struck Despond's face, scarred his human form for the rest of his existence.

Athena appeared at Edol's feet.

Edol knew it was only a matter of time, but he was surprised nonetheless.

"Hello," he said to this new Goddess.

She was shy, peered up at him with eyes like Despond's but wild red hair like Irene's.

And she had the body of Ardora all the while.

"You must be Athena," Edol tried.

Athena looked over her shoulder, down to Earth and saw Ardora and Despond fight for the first time.

And she laughed.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Irene stepped into this stone house behind Oberon.

Oberon barely fit through the small doors. His scythe appeared in his hand as a mother and father held their dead child in their arms.

Irene had not understood at first. She had watched Oberon take the souls of humans before, but not a child's.

"Oberon," Irene gasped, but he raised his scythe and split the child's soul from her body.

Irene had dashed forward, reached and touched the child's forehead.

When she did she formed a crown of lilies around the child's head.

Irene, said Oberon in surprise.

The parents gasped and the mother wept.

Irene looked back up at Oberon, who had to take her in his arms as she wept as well.

"What is your name?" Edol asked.

Despond sat before him, his eyes wide with tears.

"I am Despond," Despond said.

"Hello, Despond," Edol said.

When Edol pulled Despond to his feet, Despond burned Edol's hands with fire.

Edol was not surprised, smiled kindly at Despond.

With his other hand, Edol brushed the tears from Despond's cheeks. They dripped away in beads of light.

Edol said, "I've been expecting you, Despond. It was only a matter of time. But my poor, dearest Irene. . ."

Oberon remained in the stars for three days to console Irene, even if it meant his work would later be overwhelming.

When he first met Despond, Oberon asked, Why does Irene feel this way? I've never seen her like this before.

Despond said, "She is mourning like the humans mourn their dead."

Oberon had not felt sadness before that moment, before watching Irene mourn.
> You child
Irene had found a baby rabbit on Earth. She held it tightly in her hands, brought it to Oberon's Domain.

The rabbit was grey with white markings and long, floppy ears. It was curled close to itself in Irene's palms.

Oberon said, It is a rabbit.

Irene said, "Yes. His mother died. He was the only baby she had."

Such is life, said Oberon.

"What shall we name him?"

Well, he is very strong, surviving this far. He needs a strong name as well. Like Nicolai.

Irene giggled. "That name is bigger than he is! Why not Foo-Foo?"

Foo-Foo? said Oberon.

"It's cute, Oberon."

It may be, but rabbits are often meals for foxes and wolves. Nicolai shall not face the same fate.

Irene smiled and kissed Oberon's cheek.

"Nicolai Foo-Foo," she said.

Now that is preposterous.

"You're impossible, Oberon."

I am not impossible, merely inevitable.

Oberon was growing keen with humor, because humor meant Irene would laugh. And all the birds she created could never laugh the sweet sound she could.

Nicolai was a sturdy rabbit and Oberon kept him with him in his robe.

The rabbit would later jump from Oberon's shoulders when Oberon was severing souls.

Nicolai, Oberon would call. And the rabbit would come running. He was more like a dog, this Nicolai. It must have been Irene's magic.

Oberon admired this rabbit.
> You interaction
Oberon found himself admiring a small town on the far side of Earth.

The humans that walked these cobblestone streets were kind. They smiled and said Hello to one-another. The merchants sold fresh fruits and the stores were lively in these Winter months.

He was not on Earth to sever souls at that moment. He enjoyed humans and their societies quite a lot, and learning about them was enjoyable.

Oberon would have never admitted anything of the sort before he met Irene.

A child held the hand of her mother, stared up at Oberon with wide eyes.

Oberon had walked on, but the child turned and looked at him. Her gaze was steady, full of glittering wonder that children tend to have.

Oberon paused in his steps, caught the intense gaze of this little girl.

He raised his hand, waved to her as humans do.

She waved back and giggled.

Oberon was astounded. He looked around at the other humans, but none did see him.

The girl's mother pulled her along, asked, "What are you looking at, dear?"

Oberon appeared at the girl's side. She had light hair tied with blue ribbons and a little matching dress.

Oberon found her cute, especially with the toothless smile she gave him.

Hello there, he said.

"Hello!" she replied.

"Bunni, who are you talking to?" asked her mother.

This girl's name was Bunni. It was fitting. Her braids looked like rabbit ears.

"Big wolf," she said.

"A wolf? You're so silly, Bunni."

Her mother swept her up in her arms, pressed a kiss against her red cheeks and she giggled.

Bunni waved at him over her mother's shoulder.

Oberon said, Goodbye, Bunni.

"Children can see you?" Irene asked.

She was in his lap, tucking violets into his robes as they relaxed at his domain.

No, they usually cannot, Oberon said. But this girl, she did.

"Magical," Irene cooed.

Indeed.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Ardora kissed the hand of her beloved Flora, who promptly blushed and hid her face.

"Meara," Flora called softly to Ardora.

Meara was Ardora's human name.

"Don't weep. I can't stand when you weep, my dearest," Ardora whispered against Flora's skin.

Flora managed to smile since her father had been killed.

"You weep far more than I," Flora responded.

Despond and Athena would pay for this war.

But for then, Ardora kept Flora company. Soon, Ardora pressed her lips against Flora's and they lost each other in those silk sheets of Ardora's bed.

It felt natural that Ardora admit to Flora who she really was. The other Gods would be upset, but Ardora knew for certain this Flora was bright and beautiful and deserved the world.

"What have you done?" Despond hissed when Ardora arrived back at her domain.

"Leave my domain at once," Ardora said.

"You keep playing with these humans and you're bound to cause trouble."

"I have caused trouble?" Ardora shouted. "You took the lives of thousands of people! And for what? Some frivolous argument with Athena!"

"But I have never once told a human anything about myself, about us."

"Perhaps you should, Despond. We are to care for Edol's beings. You don't even care for yourself."

Ardora froze half of Despond's body in this disagreement. Irene had to heal him, would have scolded these two had she not felt upset for each of them.

Humans were pesky, but lovable.

Humans were also mortal.
> You disagreement
Good does not exist without evil.

Despond was not evil. Despond knew he was not evil. Oberon knew Despond was not evil.

Yet there was always a thought in Despond's mind that perhaps he was. If Ardora was so kind and good, then he must have been the opposite.

Irene cared for them both. Irene's love knew no bounds, even if Ardora's did.

Irene and Despond were in her domain one afternoon. She was healing the scars Ardora struck across his arms.

And every touch formed a flower against Despond's skin. Ardora would pluck them and set them into his hair.

But he refused to smile at her.

"This isn't fair," Despond said.

"You two will always clash," Irene said.

"Edol favors her."

"Edol favors no one," Irene tried.

"Yes he does, Irene. He favors those humans. He favors Ardora and he favors you. It's obvious."

Irene was silent, healed the rest of Despond's arm. His flesh turned red again and he sighed in relief.

"I'm sorry," he said.

"No. You will say what you will. Edol is mysterious, and it is often frustrating. If I were you I would be upset as well," Irene said.

Irene stared at Despond lovingly, even if he always held a frown.

"Do you think I'm evil?" Despond asked.

Irene looked at him sideways.

"Of course not," she said. "I love you. And I love Ardora. Neither of you are good nor evil. You are as complicated as the humans you despise."

Despond huffed, turned away. He shook the flowers from his hair but said, "Thank you, Irene."

She kissed his cheek, tangled flower seeds in his hair so they would grow back later.

Despond was created when Irene watched Oberon take the soul of a human child. It upset her so that she wept for three days.

Despond had appeared at Edol's feet with tears in his eyes.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Edol's golden eyes were wide at the sight of the nude humanoid before him. But he knew she was a God. She formed ice with her hands.

Ardora's eyes were red with fiery emotions, even if her skin was blue. And the stone floor upon which she sat froze at her touch.

"Who are you?" Edol asked her.

"I am Ardora," she said, and that was the only thing she knew for certain.

Edol gave her his hand, lifted her to her feet. She was graceful and her limbs were slender. Her hair flowed much like Irene's, through the air as if the air was instead water.

Edol quite liked Ardora, and even Despond when he appeared. But Edol did not realize Oberon and Irene were strong enough to create beings all their own.

Ardora appeared alongside the earliest humans. And she adored these humans with all her heart. But it was not for some several thousand years before she met a woman she adored even more than the rest.

When she walked alongside humans, Ardora had the appearance of a light-skinned, brown-haired human. But no godly power could remove her beauty.

This woman she adored was the daughter of two hardworking parents. They lived in a stone house near a kingdom on the far side of Earth. Her father was a cobbler and her mother worked hard taking care of the home and family.

Her name was Flora, and Ardora had never met a human as beautiful and distinct as this Flora.
> You war
"What are you doing?" Despond snarled at Athena.

Athena merely grinned, charged her army forward in attack.

When Despond went to pierce her armor with his javelin, she vanished.
As did the army behind her. The sound of metal armor striking the ground echoed across the lands.

When Despond turned to look at his own army, they were mostly dead.

Men were still with arrows through their skulls. Some wept and some were on the verge of death. Those of the latter Despond struck with bolts of fire, as to kindly end their suffering.

Oberon berated both Despond and Athena for this unecessary war. Several thousand humans died.

Oberon's day had been long and busy.

Athena never had an army at all and was not upset by Oberon's words. She was the Goddess of War.

Despond later struck her with fire and scarred her human form for this mindless battle.

And Despond was still wary of Athena. He found pleasure in the torture of corrupt humans, but Athena was simply ruthless.

But Athena did not strive for death. She just adored chaos.

And Ardora loathed both Despond and Athena, for her human lover's father was killed in this war.

Ardora wept for her lover, Flora, and for Flora's father.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Athena brushed Ardora's leg as she sat down beside her.

Despond sat across from Ardora, leaned back heavily and crossed his arms. His face had thawed but his grimace had not.

Ardora had been trying to meditate when Irene and Oberon stepped through the grand doors.

"You all have been informed about the matter at hand," Irene began.

Ardora immediately wept and Despond was suddenly interested.

"What does this mean for humans?" Despond asked.

"It means they cannot pass on to Heaven or the Hells. It means there will be wandering souls on Earth until the end of time," Irene said.

Ardora sobbed.

Ardora, Oberon said.

"I'm sorry," wept Ardora. "But these humans mean so much to me. Who will I play with now?"

Despond huffed. Athena looked between them and hid her smile.

"I think we should tell Edol," Athena interrupted.

No one will tell Edol, Oberon said.

"Are you afraid of what he might do?" Athena asked.

No, but you all should be.

There was silence.

"Who has the power to steal souls?" Despond mused.

"No one but us," Irene said.

She was on the arm of Oberon, clasped his hand in her own. This gesture seemed to calm Ardora. Until she was no longer calm.

For Ardora said to Despond, "Stealing souls is the kind of wicked sin Despond would commit!"

Despond sat up, pressed his hands against the wooden table.

"Why would I ever care about the souls of these pesky humans?" Despond asked.

"You care about them just as much as I do," Ardora argued.

"Oh you do, Despond, don't you?" Athena pressed.

"What about that man, Despond? You were with him until the day he died. You wanted to keep his soul for your own."

Tears ran from Ardora's eyes, dripped onto the table and turned to ice.

"Ardora," Irene called softly.

It had been not a man, but a woman for Ardora. She was not only upset for the loss of all these human's souls, but one in particular.
> You men
Despond was often agitated with humans. They were weak and horrid to look at.

But perhaps he was rather upset these humans admired Ardora so much.

When Despond walked Earth, he looked similiar to Ardora's human form, with white skin and brown hair. He was handsomer than humans and he took pride in that.

But some humans were simply handsome, and that could not be argued.

Especially once Despond found himself in a small tavern in a kingdom on the far, watery side of Earth.

A group of men terrorized the keep, reach and groped the girls who served them and shouted and carried on.

Despond was naturally drawn to them.

He walked by, intended on creating a scene.

One of the men shouted, "Pretty boy!"

Despond turned with a smile on his face.

But he saw one of the young men.

Blond hair and green eyes. He had fair skin and a hard jaw.

Despond felt a deep sadness within this particular man.

"Soldiers have seized the brothel across the way," Despond said, raised his hand towards the doors. "The girls are running. You all best catch them."

Whether it was godly persuasion or mere lust, the men all dashed out those doors. Soldiers began seizing the brothel across the way.

Despond preferred convenience.

But that blonde-haired, sullen man remained. He looked at Despond.

Despond sat down, ordered a drink for himself.

"Who are you?" the man asked. He had a thick accent that most of these humans did.

"Peterus," said Despond. He looked away. This young man was exceedingly handsome. Despond wouldn't be caught dead admiring a human.

Despond asked, "And yours?"

"Zacharie."

"What ails you, Zacharie?"

"Pardon?"

Perhaps this was too forward. If only Ardora was here, thought Despond. She knew very well how to speak to these creatures.

And if creatures they were, Despond found himself attracted to creatures.

Peculiar.

Especially the feeling in Despond's gut.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Athena vanished.

"She's miserable. She's always causing trouble down on Earth," Ardora said.

Ardora was wary of Oberon. They did not speak often, even if Ardora was the child of Oberon and Irene's love.

Ardora did not understand how her existence came to be from the God of Death.

The thought of death was frightful to Ardora. Despond was everything she was not, but the thought of death was even more petrifying.

But she was respectful of Oberon, invited him to sit.

He did.

"Good morning, Oberon. I don't see you often," Ardora said.

Her face was beautiful. Her eyelashes were long and her lips plump. She rivalled Irene in this way, but Oberon would never admit such a thing.

Good morning, Ardora, said Oberon. That is true. I am too busy.

"And I have not seen Irene as of late either. Is she preparing for Spring?"

Yes, she always is. There is always a new flower or tree. The squirrels are repopulating at an alarming speed as well.

Ardora laughed even if Oberon was confused as to why.

I assume you have heard about what is happening on Earth, Oberon inquired.

"Yes. I don't know how this could happen. My loves don't deserve this."

Ice formed on Ardora's palms. She said, "It's upsetting. I'm incredibly upset."

As am I. I implore you to go to Earth and invesigate this matter. You are comforting to humans, Oberon said.

Ardora smiled and her smile was striking.

"Humans are comforting to me," she said. "I will immediately."

Do not tell Edol about this.

"I would never."

Thank you, Ardora.

Ardora nodded, stepped towards Oberon and placed a kiss on his head.

Oberon was very taken, shooed Ardora away with a hand.

Get on, he scolded.

Ardora smiled again, disappeared to Earth through a waterfall.

Oberon looked at his palm and found a white rose.
> You earth
Earth was a passion project for Sage Edol.

He created the universe, but in all its vastness it was still seemed strangely empty.

Oberon hadn't minded the emptiness, spent most of his time travelling to stars, slicing them through their cores and leaving blackholes in his wake.

But Edol was pressing atoms together in more and more intricate ways.

And suddenly he formed one living thing, a small ameba that carried its own life, and with it, was able to form more of itself. Humans later called this DNA.

But humans did not form until much later.

Oberon admired the dinosaurs until Edol struck all those dead with a meteor. That was a busy day. And then he admired the furry mammals that existed thereafter.

But soon those died as well. It seemed Edol was trying again and again to create some perfect being.

Oberon argued that Edol was too prideful, said that while Edol thought all his beings were perfect but killed them anyway.

Oberon did not admire life like Edol did, but it seemed neither did Edol for some time.

But the furry mammals became smaller, then they resorted to walking on two feet.

They act like us, Oberon said one calm afternoon.

"Indeed," said Edol. "Just as I planned."

Oberon was suspicious of such a statement.

Oberon knew well Edol never planned a thing.

But it almost seemed like he did plan these two-footed mammals.

Humans emerged. They stood tall and spoke simplistic words. And Edol was sure that the female humans were beautiful, so that their species could carry on.

Oberon did not find them beautiful. The dinosaurs had been strong and mighty and cruel. These humans had flesh that easily bruised and bled, and their bones were weak and breakable.

"Perfect," Edol had said. But Oberon said no such thing until Irene was created.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The Goddess Athena inquired as to why these men were fighting.

The man who grasped the collar of the other shouted, "Non-a yer business, woman!"

The other had a nose that had since been smashed inward. Blood dripped from his face and his eyes were swollen.

Humans are cruel and merciless, Athena thought.

She watched the man die before them. The other must have sobered up, gasped and dashed away.

Athena searched for a soul in this dead man.

He had none.

As he pulled out of his body, he stared at Athena.

"You allowed this to happen," said the man to Athena.

"I'm sorry," said Athena.

The man wandered in the direction of the other.

It was true. Humans were dying without souls.

"This must be the work of Oberon," Athena mused.

Athena was mischievous in this way. She knew very well Oberon would never commit such a sinful act.

She would tell Edol immediately.

The Goddess Athena did no right or wrong. It was the Gods Ardora and Despond who did right and wrong.

Athena was merely playful, especially when this Earth had potential crimes to commit.

She returned to the stars, searched for Edol.
> You despond
Despond sunk back to his domain. It was within the inner circle of Earth, where the core was hot and smoky and more comfortable than Ardora's fortress of ice.

He preferred the warmth like she preferred the cold.

He touched his face. Ardora had froze his skin with her ice strikes. She was perpetually ill-tempered and it often seemed like Despond was the only God willing to listen to her.

She had those humans. Those humans loved her.

No one loves me, thought Despond.

Despond was the God of Despair. His creation was unfair. He was not particularly despaired himself, but he had not a soul who cared for him like those humans cared for Ardora, or like Irene cared for Oberon.

Edol was fond of Despond, but Edol wasn't often around this Earth he so adored.

Oberon appeared in Despond's Domain.

Despond was startled, sat up from his silk cushions atop the magma floor.

Your face, inquired Oberon.

"I know. Ardora is upset with me. I'm staying here until she cools down."

Despond smiled but Oberon did not understand jokes.

You cannot stay here forever, especially when humans are dying without their souls, said Oberon.

Despond was surprised at such a statement.

"Without their souls?" Despond asked.

Yes. Do you have anything to do with this?

"Tsk! Not at all. I'm not fond of humans and I especially don't care enough to take their souls."

Oberon loomed closer Despond. His long robes caught fire as he stepped along the magma but they did not burn.

If I discover you had anything to do with this, warned Oberon.

"You know I respect you, Oberon. I would never do such a thing. If anyone is behind this, it is Ardora. She adores those pesky humans enough that she just might be behind this thievery."

Oberon vanished and Despond huffed at his leaving.

"Farewell."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Irene told the Goddess Athena about the matter.

"Missing souls?" Athena asked.

"Yes. Oberon went to Earth to search, but we don't understand. This shouldn't be possible," Irene said.

"Edol's Earth is a place I still have yet to fully understand myself," admitted Athena. "But I will search at once."

"Do not tell Edol about this. Oberon has already upset him. If he discovers his precious humans are walking about without souls, he might just strike Oberon dead."

The two sighed at the joke.

Athena touched Irene's shoulder.

"I won't," Athena assured Irene.

"Thank you."

Athena stepped down to Earth. She cast away her armor for a form-fitting yet conservative gown.

Earth had since become rather grey after the war. The air was darkened with smoke as the humans filled their chimneys with wood and fire.

Athena did not take notice of nature as much as Irene did, and was instead rather fascinated by the new technologies of this new human age.

Of course, the countries, as the humans called them, on the far side suffered worse from the war than these countries did.

And what of war now, thought Athena. She would have no place in this human age of peace.

She would have to take to growing plants like Irene, and at that thought she scowled.

She walked the streets of one small village before travelling to another. Then she travelled to a city somewhere on the near side of Earth.

It was lively and beautiful.

Athena watched one man strike another right on the streets. They were drunk.
> You irene
Irene was a small Goddess with skin as green as the plants she grew and hair red with the love she had for Oberon.

Her feet padded along the ground and flowers sprouted from between the stones.

She always had an animal companion or several by her side and adored the humans Edol created.

But above all, she adored Oberon.

She was sure no other God saw her slip into Oberon's Domain.

He was still at Earth, gave Irene ample time for her to fill his domain with flowers and birds.

They would wilt and fade after time, but that only meant Irene could do this all again the following days.

She touched the walls and vines grew there. She stepped and below her feet corn sprouted. She dipped her hands into Oberon's fountain and formed fish and frogs. She reached through the air and birds landed upon her shoulders.

And she stepped back, admired her work. Oberon would scold her every time for this, but they both knew he enjoyed her gifts very much.

And Irene was fascinated with Oberon's powers. She could only give life, and he could only take.

That is why he always took her gifts. It was inevitable he did.

Irene moved her fingers through her long flowing hair. Atop her head appeared white roses.

White roses were Oberon's favorite.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I do not understand, said Oberon.

"Where are they coming from? Where are their souls?" inquired Irene, who quickly moved beneath Oberon's arm for comfort.

Irene was upset. The flowers in her red hair wilted at the sight before them.

Humans were dying, but they were not dying at all. They were walking Earth without souls. They walked Earth in bodies whose souls had been stolen. They were vagrant and confused.

And so were these two Gods.

"Oberon," insisted Irene.

I have never witnessed anything like this before, admitted Oberon.

"But you must know. You know the location of every soul in and out of Earth."

Indeed. That is what makes this so mysterious.

"We will have to tell Edol about this."

Not him, snarled Oberon, as if he could. Oberon's voice was always low and monotone but Irene found it charming.

Oberon turned and left Irene's side. His dark robes followed behind him without a sound.

Irene quickly followed as well. Each wilted flower fell from her hair, landed upon the stone floor beneath them and turned to dust.

A thief, said Oberon.

"Perhaps," said Irene.

Inform Athena of this, but she shall not tell Edol. Have her visit Earth and investigate. As will I. I have souls to reap before this thief can.

"Be safe," insisted Irene.

She kissed him, tucked a white rose into his boney hands.

You should not warn me, my love, Oberon said. You should warn those who dare steal from me.
> You oberon
Oberon travelled to Earth.

He was exceptionally fond of Earth and its inhabitants, especially when Edol created Irene to look after all these living things.

And only living things they were to Oberon until Irene said one soft day, "They have personalities and voices all their own. All of them. From the smallest flower to the tallest elephant."

Elephant? Oberon asked.

"Oh yes. The funny names humans give animals," Irene giggled.

That laugh was charming. And so were these funny humans.

None did see the tall and foreboding Oberon walk their streets. He was invisible to them until they died.

And he searched for lost humans until another died.

An apartment in a Central City. A man hung himself.

This world and all it has to offer, mused Oberon, yet they choose death instead.

Oberon was fond of himself, but could not fathom that humans were as well.

Irene was fond of him. Irene was perhaps the only living thing fond of him.

He sliced this man's soul free from his body.

But when he lifted that terrifying scythe of his, there was no soul to sever.

The rope finally snapped and the the wooden beam over the man's head gave way before his neck did.

The man pulled himself from his body, looked over his body silently.

Then the man turned to Oberon.

There was no fear in his dark eyes. This had been a very thoughtful death.

Good morning, said Oberon.

"Are you the Grim Reaper?" asked the man in a thick, northern accent.

That is one of my names, said Oberon.

"Afterlife, huh?" the man mused.

I regret to inform you that your soul has been stolen, Oberon regrettably informed the man.

"What?"

Humans are quizzical, thought Oberon.

Oberon explained, You will not have an afterlife. Your soul is gone. Your soul has been stolen.

"What?" tried the man again in disbelief.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Dear Natalie,


First of all, happy anniversary of the day we first met, my love, my sweet darling.


Twenty-two years is a long time to be together, to be so closely emotionally connected.  And you mean everything to me.  I know sometimes it's hard for us to say it to each other.  Long days of work, children, and just--it's just hard in the moment to pause for a second, look at each other, and say it.  But I love you.  I love you.


I love you when you are asleep, and I love when I just look at you at breakfast.  I love you when I'm at work, and I love you when you get into bed, tired from the day, letting dreams lull you, your hair settling on the pillow.


So I was thinking a lot about what to get you for a present this year, to celebrate.


I made this for you.  I hope it means as much to you as it does to me.  I'm right here with you, as you play, loving you.  I'll click this first link for you if you want (I know you aren't used to these things!)
> You it's Very Easy, Your Love
I know you don't really play "computer games" (as you call them!) but this isn't like when I suggested you play Doom back in our freshman year, and you got really frustrated and kept shooting when you didn't want to and walking into walls, and you claimed the "game was impossible and nobody could control a keyboard and mouse at the same time."  That was a debacle.  But this is just just a choose your own adventure--remember them?  Trust me, this is easy.


See, click your choice below, just like I did for you on the previous page.   Go on, click your choice (and there's only one to choose from here!  Later pages might have more though!)
> In the Cafeteria
So, I thought it would be fun to sort of relive or replay how we met, to remember some special thoughts, and think about what was magical about it.  So we can remember all those fun things we did a long time ago.


So let's remember together!  It was September, the very beginning of college, just before classes were about to begin.


I was sitting in the cafeteria, the big one, the Flynn Cafeteria.  Try to imagine it.  I was sitting in the back, by the window, where I was feeling a little lonely.  I didn't like my roommate, I found college overwhelming so far, and I was sitting with my tray by myself.


I think I was eating corn chowder.


And I'm reading a thick book.  It might have been Boswell's Life of Johnson, which I'd been in the middle of when college started, and I brought it just for moments like this.  I know, I know.  It was super nerdy.  You walked in, got your food, and approached.  I remember were were wearing a loose purple linen shift and jeans.  And black boots.  Your legs looked really good.


What do you remember from that moment?  Do you remember it at all?
> You of course you remember!
You looked at me, noticing me, when hundreds of people had walked past me that day.  I wasn't expecting to make friends, let alone meet the girl who would become the love of my life.  We were both so young, both eighteen, with infinite time to find each other.

 

Remember what you did?
> You approached you, making right for you, a smile on your face.
Yes, you remember!


It was so unlikely that you would have been there.  You, of all people.  Fate was impatient, and thrust us together as early as possible, I think.  We must have recognized each other, my Natalie.  It's funny to picture younger you--before I could rest my hand on your lower back and sweep you into a kiss, my other hand behind your head, fingers in your hair, lips on your neck.


Like I am doing now.


Because we were just strangers to each other.  You walked up to the table where I was sitting.  Then what did you do, my love?
> You asked you directions to the library.
Ha, ha, no.  I know you don't really play these sort of things, but listen, no listen.  What you do is you click the line that say the thing you actually did.  You see?


I'm going to put a link down there to the previous page, and this time make sure you click the correct one, the thing you really did, not this wrong thing that I'm sure you clicked by accident. 


Don't click this one again, do you understand?  It's not that complicated.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Yes, you remember!


It was so unlikely that you would have been there.  You, of all people.  Fate was impatient, and thrust us together as early as possible, I think.  We must have recognized each other, my Natalie.  It's funny to picture younger you--before I could rest my hand on your lower back and sweep you into a kiss, my other hand behind your head, fingers in your hair, lips on your neck.


Like I am doing now.


Because we were just strangers to each other.  You walked up to the table where I was sitting.  Then what did you do, my love?
> You sat down with you.
I looked up and saw you, and then I looked back at my book.  It would have been very easy for you to walk past, to say nothing, to ignore me entirely.  In fact, it was the obvious thing to do.  It was right at the start of school, your hair was long and rippled with chestnut curls, and your next four years stretched out before you with possibility.  But you saw me, and you decided that this was a moment to act, to approach, to find me.


And then, what did you do?
> You met your eyes and said hello.
Yes.  You sat down and stayed there, and said hello.  Who does that?  Only at certain moments, in certain contexts, and certain fragile moods and confluences of life can someone sit down with a stranger and talk to them, to actively seek out friendship, to make a connection.


Try doing that on the subway, or at work, or at a movie theater, or a park bench.  You will be rebuffed at best, receive a restraining order at worst.


And why would such an attractive girl come sit down with me, and stay there?  It was fall, and I can't get that shirt and jeans out of my mind, and the shape of your body was visible and distracting.


I'm sure you remember how I looked up, trying to assume some semblance of cool.


I've told you about what experience I'd had to that point.  Not much.
> You that wasn't obvious, though. You seemed like a nice-looking guy.
I'm glad to hear it.  I thought it was painfully obvious back then.  I had no smooth talk, no "moves" (what was a "move" even?) and no idea how to improve my look or my lack of poise.  At least, that's how I thought of it.  I'm always my harshest critic, though.
> You small Talk
I'm sure I said something like "Hey" or "Are you going to the thing tonight?"  Something like that.  It sounded good in my head, and...acceptable out loud.  But I wished I had said something better.


But I do remember what you said back to me, the sentence that made me fall in love with you.  I'm sure you remember too.
> You say "Hey, I know you. You live in my dorm, on the top floor."
Exactly, yes.  And I smiled at you, and you reached out to see what book I was reading at the same moment I reached out to pull it back, a little embarrassed.  Our hands almost touched.


I remembered noting how small you were.  Just delicate all around.  It's a cliche of fiction to say some woman is delicate, and it is an annoying word, and I detest these trite novel writers devoting time to talking about a woman's delicate spray of freckles across her nose (puke) or her delicate and narrow dancer-like arms (double puke), or her slender and delicate wrists (etc.)


You were not fragile, far from it, but you were small, and quick and almost feline in eye and affect.  I swear, I could have circumnavigated your waist-equator with both my hands, or very nearly, just like the real Magellan.


Now, of course, we have both suffered from the thickening indignities of middle age, and your chestnut hair is shot through with icicles.  More than shot through.  And I see you have thrown out all of your college clothes.  I would have thought you'd keep some for memory's sake.  They wouldn't fit now, I suppose.  It would be pleasant if you could dress up that way again.  But I suppose it would be absurd.  But you might try that tightly woven side braid you favored.


I hope this all comes back to you.  You are remembering well, and I love you.  Later on, in the days to come, we grew closer.  There was one conversation we had--where was it?  I want to say in a pizza place?  Getting coffee?--where we realized something deep about us. I'm sure you remember what it was, that epiphany we had.
> You talked about the idea of someday having a family together.
Yes, we did talk about that, didn't we?  But I don't remember if we talked about it as a real thing to be considered, or just as a general notion.  Because I remember--we used to take those little trips, those overnight vacations together, in college, you and I, between the end of classes and our final exams. 


As if we were escaping reality, we hopped on the commuter rail or a bus (neither of us with a car as yet!) and found a cute hotel or bed and breakfast, or once, a ski resort, or a dormmate's parents' unused summer cottage.


At hotels, we check in furtively, wondering if we ought to give false names, as if it were the 1950s.  The desk clerk didn't care.


But then!  To have a room to ourselves, playing house, with our own temporarily-ours bathroom, and fridge, and bed--as if we did not often share a bed in our dorm.  But this was a queen-sized bed, and in the dorm, it was a twin, with a mattress the thickness and texture of a piece of sandpaper.


This room was ours, sensually ours, a love nest.
> You were sitting eating pizza.
Yes!  Yes!  You remember what I'm about to say!  We were on one of these excursions, sophomore year?  We were so in love, and sitting in that pizza place.  Benito's?  Molto Bene's?  I don't remember the name, though I should.


Somehow, and I suspect, because you ensure it would be so, the conversation turned to children.  This was not idle talk, but real questions.


"I can't imagine ever having children," I recall saying.  "No intent.  I think of diapers and vomit, and ointment, and horrible school plays and having to watch you swell up in pregnancy, and children's teeth falling out everywhere, and falling from playground structures leading to ER visits overnight without a pillow or good coffee.  I think of having to smile with mock euphoria at their pride in achieving some cheap trinket at miserable Chuck-E-Cheese, and my face is sore just thinking of holding that dead rictus of a smile.  We ought to just be together, you and I.  I don't need anything but you."  And I took your hand.


You had asked me if I ever thought about wanting children.


I felt I had answered the question wholly.  And then, you looked down for a moment.  I assume you recall what you said.
> You say "But I want six kids,"
What was there to say to that, your eyes so trusting, your kittenish arms so slender, so delicate.  Your petite hips, as yet unsullied by the indignities of childbirth?


It was a crossroads.  A moment much like the dilemmas I suppose I am presenting to you in this amusing diversion of a quiz, as I stand here over you, admiring you as you play.  There was no equivocating, no third choice.  No looking away from this sudden stark choice before me.


I could have you, sweet Natalie, with whom I was in love, sitting across from me, knee touching mine, gently, lips curling in a soft smile, sure that I was joking about not wanting children, poised to laugh in relief and worship at my wit and we would live happily ever after, tra la, the eight of us.  We would be matriarch and patriarch, maw and paw, and our six fat children to-be, already somehow imagined by me with mucus running down each and every one of their noses, and/or bleeding from skinned knees..


Or I could slip away, insanely parting fro you at once, from the girl I loved, for no reason other than that an imagined future might prove nauseating.  It would be as mad as if we parted because I liked Worcestershire sauce on my steak and you eschewed meat altogether.  Strange, unaccountable, suggestive of a certain difference between us, but to part over it?


You recall, naturally, my response.


 
> You remember that you said you would have children with you, gladly.
Did I say that explicitly?  I remember that I forced my smile, willing it to turn upwards.  I wanted to be agreeable, to effortlessly be the man you wanted me to be--but more, I wanted to see that I was making an effort to be that way.


To agree kindly, even as you saw that I did not agree, and that, in my heart's heart, I felt unkind.


That I would agree to the life you imagined, making the supreme sacrifice--my life, my youth, my happiness--just to obey the hormonal juices making your mouth say what you deeply desired.


Yes, of course, my sweet Natalie.  And I promised myself that anything I said out of love or duty or momentary weakness of misplaced post-coital bliss could ever, ever overwrite this firm moment of certainty that this was not what I wanted.  That any future lies or claims of happiness were hereby declared null and void well in advance.


These words all ran through my mind, bitter and ice-cold, like black tea left with the teabag soaking in it overnight on the windowsill.


But did I come around, in the end, as you promised I would?  That when I met my children, I would fall in love with that, and look back and see that I had been wrong?
> You yes, you did. You came to love them.
Actually, it's true, and it's also true what they say:  happy wife, happy life.


And I am so happy.  I was actually pretty stupid back then.  So I admit it.  I was wrong and you were right, and when I wipe their cute mouths of applesauce and they sneeze directly into my eyes, I still love them.


Because love doesn't work by logic, it works with a strange sense of its own, and time makes that happen, just like you said it would, and one of us had to yield, and I couldn't let you go, not when finding you in a maze of choices is so hard, and there are so many paths that lead to anger and sadness and violence and insanity, I just want to hold on to you, and I don't care about anything else.  I love you in your sweat pants.  I love you with your white-flecked hair.  I love you with your aging features.  I love you.  You.  Everything from you in good, and that means them as well.


And I'm happy, really happy.


Really.


Happy anniversary.  I love you, Natalie.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Did I say that explicitly?  I remember that I forced my smile, willing it to turn upwards.  I wanted to be agreeable, to effortlessly be the man you wanted me to be--but more, I wanted to see that I was making an effort to be that way.


To agree kindly, even as you saw that I did not agree, and that, in my heart's heart, I felt unkind.


That I would agree to the life you imagined, making the supreme sacrifice--my life, my youth, my happiness--just to obey the hormonal juices making your mouth say what you deeply desired.


Yes, of course, my sweet Natalie.  And I promised myself that anything I said out of love or duty or momentary weakness of misplaced post-coital bliss could ever, ever overwrite this firm moment of certainty that this was not what I wanted.  That any future lies or claims of happiness were hereby declared null and void well in advance.


These words all ran through my mind, bitter and ice-cold, like black tea left with the teabag soaking in it overnight on the windowsill.


But did I come around, in the end, as you promised I would?  That when I met my children, I would fall in love with that, and look back and see that I had been wrong?
> You you...hoped you would. But you don't know if you did.
I'm glad it takes a storygame to make you admit that, Natalie.  I told you.  I could not love them.  I told you.  But do you understand my thought process now?  I couldn't make you understand any other way.


You sit here clicking (painfully so--it's the top, the point of the mouse that does the job!) these choices.


And the house is very quiet, isn't it?  When was the last time it was so quiet?


This is the last choice, Natalie.  Go into the playroom.  Tell me what you see.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>What was there to say to that, your eyes so trusting, your kittenish arms so slender, so delicate.  Your petite hips, as yet unsullied by the indignities of childbirth?


It was a crossroads.  A moment much like the dilemmas I suppose I am presenting to you in this amusing diversion of a quiz, as I stand here over you, admiring you as you play.  There was no equivocating, no third choice.  No looking away from this sudden stark choice before me.


I could have you, sweet Natalie, with whom I was in love, sitting across from me, knee touching mine, gently, lips curling in a soft smile, sure that I was joking about not wanting children, poised to laugh in relief and worship at my wit and we would live happily ever after, tra la, the eight of us.  We would be matriarch and patriarch, maw and paw, and our six fat children to-be, already somehow imagined by me with mucus running down each and every one of their noses, and/or bleeding from skinned knees..


Or I could slip away, insanely parting fro you at once, from the girl I loved, for no reason other than that an imagined future might prove nauseating.  It would be as mad as if we parted because I liked Worcestershire sauce on my steak and you eschewed meat altogether.  Strange, unaccountable, suggestive of a certain difference between us, but to part over it?


You recall, naturally, my response.


 
> You think you muttered something into your cup and changed the subject.
Yes.  Although we stayed together during college, in my heart, I'd already left, and I severed my attachment, memory by memory.


When I touched you, I was elsewhere.  When you made plans for afterwards, I knew that it was just a story.  These children, these phantom, not-yet-existing children had managed to sever us and I hated them.


They were monsters, demon-children, to see love between us and kill it, Oedipus-like, heartless.


And then, without a word, after graduation, I left you sleeping in our shared dorm-room bed.  The room was already packed up, boxes ready for us to move in together in some faraway city.  You'd found a place, and spoke of first and last months' rent and deposits and speaking of how the apartment had an extra little room just big enough for storage or soon a crib.
> You but you were still there when you woke up! You didn't leave.
I know.  I took one step out the door and shook my head.  What an asshole I was.  This was life.  This is love.  You were sleeping soundly, and I loved you.


I looked outside, past the quad, and out to the street where people were walking, some of them holding hands, some of them with children.  Nobody looked tortured or miserable or about to blow the city up.  I looked back at you.  You were young, and I was young, and I had no idea that I, over twenty years in the future, would be watching me as if from above, watching young me make what I thought was a crushing decision.


So I'd stay.  We'd been together for four years.  That was long enough to know.  My father said I was too young to know, and that if he could he'd try to keep me from "jumping off that cliff."  I guess he felt that way about me and my brother.  But what did he know, anyway?


Your arms were slender, stretched out, and the back of your neck was exposed, where I loved to kiss.  I kissed it, and sat next to you, and didn't realize that I was giving a gift, not to you, but to me, to older me, to me right now, standing next to you, my older but no less beautiful Natalie.


I never told you how close I came to leaving.  But now you know, and I'm sorry, and happy anniversary.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Yes.  Although we stayed together during college, in my heart, I'd already left, and I severed my attachment, memory by memory.


When I touched you, I was elsewhere.  When you made plans for afterwards, I knew that it was just a story.  These children, these phantom, not-yet-existing children had managed to sever us and I hated them.


They were monsters, demon-children, to see love between us and kill it, Oedipus-like, heartless.


And then, without a word, after graduation, I left you sleeping in our shared dorm-room bed.  The room was already packed up, boxes ready for us to move in together in some faraway city.  You'd found a place, and spoke of first and last months' rent and deposits and speaking of how the apartment had an extra little room just big enough for storage or soon a crib.
> You and you were gone when you woke up.
I could not put enough distance between us.  You know that, or you must have guessed.  But I never, never, never stopped loving you and thinking about you. 


Even when you moved, even when you got married a few years later to that balding ignoramus and had the children you wanted, and forgot about me, I still loved you.


So that's why I'm here.  And that is why I am standing here, watching you, standing over you, hands in your hair, caressing you while you play my storygame.


Your house, you will notice, is quieter than usual, and this is the last link, and you have to press it.  There is no going back.  It's our anniversary tonight, of the day we met, and I think you almost forgot.  But now you remember everything, don't you, my love, my Natalie.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Yes!  Yes!  You remember what I'm about to say!  We were on one of these excursions, sophomore year?  We were so in love, and sitting in that pizza place.  Benito's?  Molto Bene's?  I don't remember the name, though I should.


Somehow, and I suspect, because you ensure it would be so, the conversation turned to children.  This was not idle talk, but real questions.


"I can't imagine ever having children," I recall saying.  "No intent.  I think of diapers and vomit, and ointment, and horrible school plays and having to watch you swell up in pregnancy, and children's teeth falling out everywhere, and falling from playground structures leading to ER visits overnight without a pillow or good coffee.  I think of having to smile with mock euphoria at their pride in achieving some cheap trinket at miserable Chuck-E-Cheese, and my face is sore just thinking of holding that dead rictus of a smile.  We ought to just be together, you and I.  I don't need anything but you."  And I took your hand.


You had asked me if I ever thought about wanting children.


I felt I had answered the question wholly.  And then, you looked down for a moment.  I assume you recall what you said.
> You say "Thank god! Me too. I don't want any children either,"
God, imagine if you had really said that.  Imagine it, really.


You know, and I know, you didn't say that.  But what a fantasy.  How things might have been.  And it's all right, I think, to fantasize about this, to imagine it.


We spoke of everything that day, that week, that month, for hours and h ours.  We talked and discussed everything, and you wanted a family.  It's hard to imaging you every saying that to me--that you might not want kids.  I'm surprised you even clicked down this path.
> You just imagine with you. No kids.
It's hard to imagine.  Sometimes I think the shrieks of glee and wails of disappointment (indistinguishable) have permanently dismantle some part of my brain responsible for the higher imaginative functions.  But I will try.
> You imagine just you. Really imagine it.
What would that even mean?  We wake up and feel like sleeping more, and so we sleep.  We get Mexican food and drink bad margaritas, and walk home late.  Think of how empty the clothes hamper would be, how full the fridge is of food we like, how unsticky the floor!


The notion of being able to have sex while making any sound at all!  Or, more poignantly, to bite into a potato chip without six pairs of ears being alerted and demanding what is "fair"!


No birthday parties to plan, no "plays" with incoherent plots and inaudible narrators to sit and applaud through with gritted teeth.


Think of the silence, where we could gaze at each other and be in love in the morning, as the sun warms us, curtains open, arms twined around each other without any one else around beseiging our bedroom door, swarming in, one child having slept on our floor, another actually having somehow slept in our bed ("he was scared"), but only us, us, us.


When people are as in love as we are, the rest of the world melts away adn we don't need anything or anyone else.


And here we can at least fantasize about it.  I like that you want to.  It's such a modest fantasy, to think of kissing you for more than four seconds at a time without you needing to take someone's temperature or sign a permission slip.
> You but this seems a little sad and bitter when you say it. One child would be all right.
I'm sorry that my pleasant fantasy doesn't quite mesh with yours.  I'd hope we could, somehow, daydream.  You find my story sad with no children in it? 


All right, look--one child.  Imagine one child, then, and forget the rest.  We enjoyed all the pleasures of raising a baby, youth, et cetera, and now let us say we have a ten-year-old, no a twelve-year-old.  Of of our more isolated daughters, entering her brooding adolescence, so she's mostly in her room all day, downstairs, door shut.


Can we still have this fantasy, then, of being together, of soaking in other completely, if we stipulate one child in this fantasy?
> You that's all right sounding. You could have had fun like that.
We could have been sitting on our patio, drinking--I want to say iced tea with mint, in a big round glass pitcher, sitting across from each other.  I would have the crossword puzzle at my side, but not be doing it.  The pleasure is in having the leisure to do it. 


And you would be curled into my arm, not sleeping, but not not sleeping either.  And I would feel your sleepy warmth, the smell of our soft hair, and we would watch the world get dark around us, knowing that our daughter was safe and teenage angsting in her room, playing music, perhaps, but with headphones, not disturbing our reverie.


Yes, we have a meeting with her French teacher next Tuesday, and there is the hearing for the shoplifting charge the week after that, but this is now, and it is night, and I can looking into your pale blue eyes, the same eyes, your eyes, my Natalie, and kiss you.


It is a modest fantasy, but it is enough.  I love you, and I love you in the past, and I love you now, and our daughter is kicking the door of her room as if she wished to knock it off the hinges, and I will love you in the future, I swear.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I'm sorry that my pleasant fantasy doesn't quite mesh with yours.  I'd hope we could, somehow, daydream.  You find my story sad with no children in it? 


All right, look--one child.  Imagine one child, then, and forget the rest.  We enjoyed all the pleasures of raising a baby, youth, et cetera, and now let us say we have a ten-year-old, no a twelve-year-old.  Of of our more isolated daughters, entering her brooding adolescence, so she's mostly in her room all day, downstairs, door shut.


Can we still have this fantasy, then, of being together, of soaking in other completely, if we stipulate one child in this fantasy?
> You think you're done with this game. You're getting all angry.
Don't be like that, Natalie, don't you be that way.  I hope you aren't going to pick this path, but I know you well enough by now that I will swear you'll find your way here eventually.


You always did pick at me and pick at me when tried to imagine a better life, one where we could actually be happy with the person we each decided to be happy with--go figure.  You always shot me down when I imagined it.


Maybe that's why I left and why I made sure never to fix the broken side window frame in the basement that I always said was too small for anyone to fit through, and you sit here, Natalie and play this game.  You read what I wrote about you, and think about us when we were happy.  I don't care how many times you have to click through this, how many wrong turns you take.


You find that happy ending, and the new chef's knife you bought is sharp, and the children are asleep, and we have all night, all night.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>What would that even mean?  We wake up and feel like sleeping more, and so we sleep.  We get Mexican food and drink bad margaritas, and walk home late.  Think of how empty the clothes hamper would be, how full the fridge is of food we like, how unsticky the floor!


The notion of being able to have sex while making any sound at all!  Or, more poignantly, to bite into a potato chip without six pairs of ears being alerted and demanding what is "fair"!


No birthday parties to plan, no "plays" with incoherent plots and inaudible narrators to sit and applaud through with gritted teeth.


Think of the silence, where we could gaze at each other and be in love in the morning, as the sun warms us, curtains open, arms twined around each other without any one else around beseiging our bedroom door, swarming in, one child having slept on our floor, another actually having somehow slept in our bed ("he was scared"), but only us, us, us.


When people are as in love as we are, the rest of the world melts away adn we don't need anything or anyone else.


And here we can at least fantasize about it.  I like that you want to.  It's such a modest fantasy, to think of kissing you for more than four seconds at a time without you needing to take someone's temperature or sign a permission slip.
> You it sounds like heaven.
I'll tell you the story, and you just imagine.  Close your eyes and fantasize.  Well, no, I guess that won't work if you are reading this.  Just picture it.


Imagine me driving, slightly unsafely, in our new red convertible, with no room in the back for car seat or booster, driving with one hand on the wheel, my other around you.  The wind is whipping your chestnut curls back, and you are wearing those sunglasses I like with the slight cat's-eye tilt, your face and features looking small and sharply defined.  You are wearing the dark crimson lipstick you used to wear, your mouth a cupid's bow.


Because in this story, we are young and fresh and free.
> You drive fast, just the two of you.
Think of all the money we have, and we park our car in front of our building, a townhouse in the cooler part of town, and we walk the steps with untired legs, very much not toting a stroller up the steps. 


And we sit on our balcony and drink coffee with no children clambering on us or plummeting to their deaths over the sheer parapet of the balcony.  We talk all evening and make love thrice and go out to dinner, sex-dazed, the entire Sunday paper consumed, and eat adult food.  The restaurant does not have plastic utensils, novelty placemats, or have laminated menus with pictures of the food in it.  And we go to bed after ten p.m., if such a thing is conceivable.


 
> You hhhh. Mmmm.
I see you shuddering in pleasure and flushing pink around your cheeks, and I know.


It is my favorite fantasy as well, and now I will kiss behind your ear.  I love you too.  Happy anniversary, Natalie.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I'm sure I said something like "Hey" or "Are you going to the thing tonight?"  Something like that.  It sounded good in my head, and...acceptable out loud.  But I wished I had said something better.


But I do remember what you said back to me, the sentence that made me fall in love with you.  I'm sure you remember too.
> You say "You're taking me out tonight."
No, that's not what happened.  You wouldn't have done that, touched me straight away.  You've always been reluctant to touch, a natural timidity, or delicacy, or whatever you want to call it.  You warm up, of course, letting me slide my hand into your sleeve to touch your upper arm lightly, a caress that we both know drives you crazy, and then you'll respond, perhaps, shivering and touching your lips to my jaw, telling me you love me.


But you would not, you would certainly not, have touched me like that, right there in the cafeteria.
> Back then, yes. You didn't like to touch back then.
Yes, I know.  I remember.  I worked in a library back in high school, and when I should have been working, I read all of the books on relationship and sexuality, all written, no doubt in the 1970s and 80s, aged even when I got my knowledge-seeking adolescent mitts on them.  "Take it slow," they sagely says.  "Offer massages with no thought of carnal reciprocation."


That's the phrase they used.  Carnal reciprocation. 
> You but you was worth the wait.
Were you though?  And are you?  You had, and have, this strangely passive, dreamlike way about you, in life, as in sex.  As if sex is a thing done to you, not by you--performed in your general vicinity, or to someone near you.  Almost as if there were a voodoo doll of you that I was caressing, and you feel what I do to it, but at a distance, while your own body remains untouched, feeling the pleasure at a remove.


I used to ask you--perhaps this was all the way back in senior year--we had been together for three years--three years!--what you most wanted in bed, what you fantasized about, what you wanted most of all, and you would shyly stammer something actionable out after a lot of coaxing and sweet wine.


But never once would you ask the obvious follow-up question about me.  And naturally, you didn't because it would imply that you would do something with the information.  I have here a list that I wrote for you of desired actions on your part in order from most to least preferred.  It is to the left of the computer, Natalie.  I gave it to you in your birthday card almost twenty years ago as a sort of present to you, so you would know what I, what the person you loved wanted.


Peruse it now.  Have you ever performed any action on that list, ever?  Look, for example, at #31.  It could be performed very quickly, with eyes closed, if you preferred.  Look at #7, which is common, I would guess, throughout this fair land amongst loving couples.  I would suggest that this list could double as a list of activities that I have never engaged in.


And so, I think you understand why I have suggested you play this game now.  I know that it is important to remind you of the love you and I shared, and the passion from back then.  You must have felt something jolt within you, and the first year was *good* and more frequent--every night, sometimes!  So having played this, with my list before you, won't you choose something?  I'm not even talking about the top ten.  I don't dare to dream.  But #51?  #92?  Natalie, please.  I'm going to end this page.  You don't even have to rate the game or leave a comment.  Just pick *something* that involves some movement and even feigned enjoyment.


Please, Natalie.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Yes, I know.  I remember.  I worked in a library back in high school, and when I should have been working, I read all of the books on relationship and sexuality, all written, no doubt in the 1970s and 80s, aged even when I got my knowledge-seeking adolescent mitts on them.  "Take it slow," they sagely says.  "Offer massages with no thought of carnal reciprocation."


That's the phrase they used.  Carnal reciprocation. 
> You it takes you a long time to warm up.
Everything was lovely between us, everything, but there there was this unspoken tension that came between us every.  Single. Night.  When we were seniors--together for three years!--we were together, having been out in the city, walking in the evening, holding hands, having watched fireworks over the river.


We had sat on a bench, watching the water, talking about our hopes and dreams, and I was touching your upper arm under your sleeve.  You were talking about where you wanted to travel someday, and we were laughing sadly about a favorite restaurant of ours that had closed a few years ago, and then I knew, I knew, that tonight, if I continued to walk that delicate line of maintaining your calm, of praising you, of eye contact, that later I would have your clothes off.  It felt like a parlor trick, a sleight-of-hand that I was engaged in, as if I were flexing some muscle that released pheromones, but I didn't have one-hundred percent control of that muscle, and if I lost focus, that magical haze that was surrounding us would fade away.


And indeed, that is precisely what happened, and you kissed me later that night and started talking about something your grandmother had said to you when you were little (this is a bad sign) and that you were really stressed out about an exam (no, I can see this isn't happening tonight) and finally that you were really tired and a little headachy (forget it.) 


I tried to administer CPR to our dying night in bed with you, using the standard method of mouth-to-mouth and chest pressure, but no use.
> You were young, and that was just where you was at the time.
I didn't sit you down to listen to excuses.  I expected that you would find yourself here, pleading youth.  But I have here, to the left of the computer, a chart, or graph, I suppose.  If you will examine it carefully, you will find a pathetic line notating sexual contact by month.  You will see that in general the line does not exceed once per calender month, and that in fact, it dips to zero several times in a given 30 days.


This data is troubling.  You can see that the red line indicates menstrual cycle (no correlation); the blue line indicates the academic year (children's schedule and out-of-the-house-ness--no correlation); the yellow line indicates the standard American economy in case you had money woes (no correlation); the green line is the average temperature in our area (no correlation)  In short, there is no external reason that I can discern for your lack of interest.


It is frustrating, Natalie.  To cajole, to hope, to express delight at sweat pants, and to evince concern at headaches and sleepiness, and to facilitate late-night work for you when we should be otherwise occupied.


And so, this storygame.  You have played through the logic of the situation, and you did not seem to be getting the hint.  You told me once that the surest way to get you out of the mood was to mention that I was annoyed that you were not in the mood, a crazy paradox that led me to this moment.  Playing here, reading my thoughts, do you see now, what you need to do?  The black line on the graph is dangerously low, approaching zero for several months straight.  Remember young you and young me, how we loved enough other and wanted each other.   Do it for their sakes.  What's wrong, Natalie?  What's wrong?


You can end the game now, and you don't even have to rate and comment.  That's not what I want from you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No, that's not what happened.  You wouldn't have done that, touched me straight away.  You've always been reluctant to touch, a natural timidity, or delicacy, or whatever you want to call it.  You warm up, of course, letting me slide my hand into your sleeve to touch your upper arm lightly, a caress that we both know drives you crazy, and then you'll respond, perhaps, shivering and touching your lips to my jaw, telling me you love me.


But you would not, you would certainly not, have touched me like that, right there in the cafeteria.
> You but what if you had? What if you had touched you?
It's nice to think about, here from a distance of 20+ years, getting the focus of our former selves just so, to think of what our younger selves might have done, could have done, should have done.


You would not approve, I think, of my fantasizing about a winsome, nubile, and wasp-waisted girl of eighteen, sooty-lashed, surprisingly large-breasted in spite of her slimness--and now, perhaps you are angry at my words, but what if that girl were you, twenty-plus years ago you, that all would be well  That was the body, that is the body that I have planted my flag in, after all, and you were the moon, and I were an astronaut claiming outer space for America--I want to say Buzz Aldrin, but that might not be right.


 
> You know there was that hidden nook in the cafeteria near where people bused their trays.
It's pleasant to imagine, isn't it?  And I would write this if I thought anyone but you would see these words.  But if you are here, if you have clicked these links, you must want to fantasize with me, and it's just you and me, Natalie, just us, and we're just thinking about our past selves.


Part of the fun is that they don't even know, limited by being trapped in the past as they are.


If you had taken my hand suddenly, and with a look, a furtive tilt of your head, a slight movement, you could have indicated that hidden nook where people bus their trays by placing them on a rather old-fashioned chain-and-gears conveyor belt that led to the automatic dishwasher.


The meal (was it brunch?) had just started, so nobody would be returning their trays, not yet, so the nook would be wholly abandoned.  Minimum of ten minutes before anyone could possibly be done, plus there was chocolate cheesecake that day, so add, say, three minutes for that, for a total of thirteen minutes.  Assume someone might rush or not like the food, so knock half of that off for a very conservative and enticing six-and-a-half minutes of guaranteed, pure uninterrupted pleasure in the privacy of the nook by the tiny and rather dark busing area.
> You shouldn't have leaned back on the conveyer belt. That was a mistake.
Yes, that's right.  You leaned way back on the conveyer belt.  Let's say I thought that was hot, like, even though it was kind of wet and probably had a few suds on it, you didn't care, because you were so turned on, you didn't care if you got a little messy, which I thought forebode well for my prospects.


So then I came closer to kiss you...
> You when your shirt and jeans belt loop both got stuck in the metal conveyer belt, trapping you.
Are we doing slapstick comedy here?  You were kind of getting me worked up.  Seriously, Natalie.
> You it's funny. You're totally trapped, and then the conveyor belt starts moving.
OK, fine.  We can do it your way.


So for some reason, the conveyor belt starts moving, I don't know why, there's no dishes or trays yet, but all right.  They are warming it up.  So now, I have a dilemma.  You are about to be pulled into the automatic dishwashing system.  But there's probably workers back there who will notice you and shut it down before you are submerged into the scalding hot water and industrial-abrasive spray and caustic chemical.  Probably. 


They have the radio on back there, really loud, so screaming won't work.


So the question, really, is, since the conveyor belt is going pretty slowly, do I try to rescue you and be a big hero, or do I try to get a minute of touching in while you are being pulled into the wall?
> You think you'd be a big hero.
It figures you'd pick this, but all right, let's see what I can work with.  I pull you, but you can't be freed.  So I realize that if I run out of the nook and alert everyone, all of the students around would just look at me dumbly and you'd be gone.  So my only choice is to ride the conveyor belt with you.  So I hop on, on top of you.


Remember, we haven't really met yet.  I have no idea who you are.  We don't know each other's names, even.


And we're being pulled into the wall, down the conveyor belt, being blasted with alternate blasts of acid and base, and being scrubbed and tossed around by inside-the-car-wash brushes.  I'm tearing your clothes off, not erotically, just to free you from the belt, and finally the material gives way, and we are covered in first-degree burns, having fallen to the floor of the dishwashing automaton I imagine back there, and the burns are smeared in detergent and no-stain Krystal Klear solution, and you are howling in pain, naked and wet and slippery and red, and on top of me, but I've saved you, and even when the workers finally find us, we are there, joined in love, squeaky clean and asking each other our names.


You have a really sick fantasy mind, Natalie, and I love it.


Happy Anniversary.  I'm going to remember this one.  Maybe some day we can make it real.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>OK, fine.  We can do it your way.


So for some reason, the conveyor belt starts moving, I don't know why, there's no dishes or trays yet, but all right.  They are warming it up.  So now, I have a dilemma.  You are about to be pulled into the automatic dishwashing system.  But there's probably workers back there who will notice you and shut it down before you are submerged into the scalding hot water and industrial-abrasive spray and caustic chemical.  Probably. 


They have the radio on back there, really loud, so screaming won't work.


So the question, really, is, since the conveyor belt is going pretty slowly, do I try to rescue you and be a big hero, or do I try to get a minute of touching in while you are being pulled into the wall?
> You of course you'd touch you.
Of course.  There was no way out of this--you were about to be fed into the boiler or the mangler, or however they cleaned things here.


These were your last moments on earth, and I don't see why you wouldn't want to feel some erotic pleasure in those moments.  A choice between terror and terror+pleasure seems like a no-brainer.


So of course I touched you.  Your clothes had to stay on, of course--that was what was snagging you into the conveyer belt, but I took pleasure in your overall shape, tracing the perimeter of your body, touching you, feeling you with firm hands, making you gasp--although it is possible that could have been the boiler or the mangler--even as each part disappeared into the chute, which was a shame, because I feel like I could have given you a really good send-off if I'd had just two more minutes.  I enjoyed your feet last, actually going so far as to remove your shoe and sock and kissing your big toe.  Not really my thing, but a send-off for you.


Afterwards, I noticed the emergency shut-off button nearby, but it was, of course, too late.  I sincerely hoped you had enjoyed those last moments.  I notice as usual, even in your fantasy, it's all me pleasuring you, not vice versa, but I'll let it slide this time.


You've got a rather enticing imagination, Natalie, you know.  I didn't know you had it in you at the time.  I had to extract it from you little by little, giving you the courage to tell me what you really liked, what you really wanted.  Come on.  Let's go upstairs.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Yes, that's right.  You leaned way back on the conveyer belt.  Let's say I thought that was hot, like, even though it was kind of wet and probably had a few suds on it, you didn't care, because you were so turned on, you didn't care if you got a little messy, which I thought forebode well for my prospects.


So then I came closer to kiss you...
> You and you leaned forward hungrily. You wanted you.
We hadn't even learned each other's names, but we felt the pull of unresistible lust.


It is not like now, scheduled, lights set to 1, almost sterile, after a single glass of sweet wine for you.


A to-do list on the night table in case you think of an appointment you need to make for kid #5.


I might enter the bedroom, your sweat pants and T-shirt folded primly on the green tall-backed chair.  I don't even notice how sad this all is because of my ILF fetish, as it were.


But no, this isn't like that.


 
> You right. This is better. Imagine if you had, really imagine it.
I'm picturing button thumbed open, and clasps managed, zipped worked down, belts loosened, you leaning back against the aluminum-trimmed institutionally-gray-painted wall where in five-and-one-quarter minutes now, people will arrive to bus their trays.


I slide my hand lightly up your upper arm, no matter that there's no possibly way past-me could now that that is your on-button, but never mind, I do it anyway.


We'll introduce each other later, but for now, hands, and mouths, and other parts make their introductions first, and the low din of brunchers behind the low wall serves as our background.


What if that's how we met?
> You but what if it were *always* like that? If you never stopped being that way?
That's interesting.  At some point we'd forget all civilized norms--and why wasn't this our story, it occurs to me, being in the lawful possession of two healthy, well-functioning, 18-21 year old bodies, of our preferred respective genders and orientations?


to find ourselves in the same time and place, with no supervision, utmost privacy, and minimal responsibilities, aside from a paltry five-page essay on the Etruscans or whatnot--why, to be very specific, did we not mark every square inch of that campus with unrestrained and fancy intercourse hour after hour?


But we can imagine it and think about our housemates senior year, jealously audience to us, through the paper-thin walls of our suite.
> In the balcony during plays.
Yes, sure, in the balcony during a production of The Good Woman of Setzuan (warning in the program that this was a mature play and would involve brief nudity in the third act--a prophecy that was all too true.  Also in the first and second act.)


Lit only by colorful reflections of stage lights, your breasts pale green, some kind of forest scene on stage, not that we were watching.  The balcony was abandoned, and it was a pleasure to have you sitting on my lap here in this place of art and culture.  It was really the only way to enjoy theater.
> The bathroom at the library.
Yes, that bathroom in the library with the graffiti, with the scrawled word, written in black marker, SEX, right on the wall as if we were being closed captioned for the hearing impaired.


In the student center's multi-purpose room, having filled out the proper paperwork to reserve it between 3:50-4:20 p.m., to use the multi-purpose room for our singular purpose.


In the fine art studio, after hours, tangled in a complex nude figure study up on the platform.  A pose too difficult for the Basic Drawing students to render.


In the "Books Written by Faculty!" aisle of the school bookstore, always empty, showing our school spirit on a cushion of T-shirts, pennants, and sweaters.


In our graduation robes, nothing underneath, hands still warm from shaking the university president's hand after receiving our diplomas, cum laude, behind the auditorium.


 
> You can think of dozens of others.
Me too.


But the point is that with that start, propelled by those fireworks, how could we not be on a different trajectory--we could still be those kids, but just a bit older.  We could still be insatiable for each other, still in love, as hungry was we were that first time in the cafeteria.  That didn't happen, but you see it could have.


Let's take those memories and go upstairs, and pretend, and defy time for a while.  Happy anniversay, my Natalie.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>That's interesting.  At some point we'd forget all civilized norms--and why wasn't this our story, it occurs to me, being in the lawful possession of two healthy, well-functioning, 18-21 year old bodies, of our preferred respective genders and orientations?


to find ourselves in the same time and place, with no supervision, utmost privacy, and minimal responsibilities, aside from a paltry five-page essay on the Etruscans or whatnot--why, to be very specific, did we not mark every square inch of that campus with unrestrained and fancy intercourse hour after hour?


But we can imagine it and think about our housemates senior year, jealously audience to us, through the paper-thin walls of our suite.
> In the science labs.
Sure, the science labs, why not.  In the biology lab, with a captive audience of fruit flies (Drosophilia) and zebrafish (Danio rerio) we indulged in the activities that only a few hours before the basic biology students had learned about in a highly clinical way, making the sterile lab less sterile.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I'm picturing button thumbed open, and clasps managed, zipped worked down, belts loosened, you leaning back against the aluminum-trimmed institutionally-gray-painted wall where in five-and-one-quarter minutes now, people will arrive to bus their trays.


I slide my hand lightly up your upper arm, no matter that there's no possibly way past-me could now that that is your on-button, but never mind, I do it anyway.


We'll introduce each other later, but for now, hands, and mouths, and other parts make their introductions first, and the low din of brunchers behind the low wall serves as our background.


What if that's how we met?
> You wonder...maybe you wouldn't ever introduce ourselves. What if you walked away and never talked again?
It would have been amazing, and we would have pulled our clothes back up or down, realizing that we had stolen something forbidden from the dragon's hoard without waking the guardian.


I would look at you for one moment more, still tasting your mouth in mine, and then, I think, we'd walk away.  I'd return to my table and collect my things, abandoning my now cold corn chowder, and you would have already walked away with dignity (but you and I would know, with secret indignity).  You would walk out, a half-smile on your crimson-painted lips, and enjoyed going about your day knowing what you'd just done.


But it was enough.  Anything afterwards would be anti-climactic, so to speak, a slow deterioration, an attempt to recapture something.


And so we should remain strangers.
> You can agree to that. Total strangers.
Well, total stranger who see each other.  We'd see each other at school functions or in a dark parking lot, and feel each other's eyes on each other's bodies.


And then, forever after, we both would carry that germ of thought within us--at work, at the gym, in bed with our later lovers.  That someone whose name we never learned, had absorbed us completely, had consumed some part of us that nobody else could ever wholly have us.


We'd think about each other, I suspect, and return in dreams of freedom and wildness when our current relationships grew stale.  And our image of us would grow brighter even as our memories of everything else got dimmer.  More of an idea than a person, with each passing year, central to our existence.


I don't know if I wish that we'd gone down this path.


The fact that you've chosen it must mean you want to, that you would have wanted to.   We could have been each other's bright spot in the past.  I wonder if there's a way to find that, to untangle the maze of our choices, and find the way it should have gone, to relive it right.


I love you, Natalie, and I loved you, and I will love you.  But I think I love past you, potential-you, nameless you, you about whom I have so little information-you best.  If I am ever unfaithful to you, ever, it's with that girl, when I close my eyes.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's pleasant to imagine, isn't it?  And I would write this if I thought anyone but you would see these words.  But if you are here, if you have clicked these links, you must want to fantasize with me, and it's just you and me, Natalie, just us, and we're just thinking about our past selves.


Part of the fun is that they don't even know, limited by being trapped in the past as they are.


If you had taken my hand suddenly, and with a look, a furtive tilt of your head, a slight movement, you could have indicated that hidden nook where people bus their trays by placing them on a rather old-fashioned chain-and-gears conveyor belt that led to the automatic dishwasher.


The meal (was it brunch?) had just started, so nobody would be returning their trays, not yet, so the nook would be wholly abandoned.  Minimum of ten minutes before anyone could possibly be done, plus there was chocolate cheesecake that day, so add, say, three minutes for that, for a total of thirteen minutes.  Assume someone might rush or not like the food, so knock half of that off for a very conservative and enticing six-and-a-half minutes of guaranteed, pure uninterrupted pleasure in the privacy of the nook by the tiny and rather dark busing area.
> You went back there first, and then, you left the cafeteria, laughing at you.
That's.. not a good fantasy.  I don't see why you'd want to tell the story that way. 
> You it's funny. You go back there, anticipating, pants unbuttoned or something, and you've already left the building.
All right, so I'm just standing back there in the dark, pants down around my ankles for some reason, and you've already left for class, having totally forgotten about me at that point.


And let's say, for some reason that professor whom I really respected and required a letter to get an internship has been eating there, and he didn't like his corn chowder, and let's also say he was diabetic, so that throws off the calculus for how long there would be privacy there.  Professor Gilman walks back into the nook and sees me, and I'm trying to blend into the shadows now, but that's not going to work.  I can't pull my pants up because that's not going to do any good.  He's already seen that they are down, so my only chance is to see to it that he doesn't know who I am.  He approaches me to scold me, and I just run for it.  If I can make it out of the cafeteria, I can get up the stairs and into the bathrooms on the second floor.


But at this point a group of every attractive girl on campus has walked back there to bus their trays, and I run right through them to escape the nook, my pants sort of around my knees, half-hitched up, and the professor is shouting my name, and I trip and fall on the floor directly in front of the front door of the cafeteria, pants down, with, let's say, a bloody nose.


Then everyone laughs and points at me.  Meanwhile, you have purchased a bubble tea and are sitting in your anthro class across campus.


How's that?  Is that a good fantasy for you?  Sort of hit all of your buttons?  Are you breathing a little heavily now, Natalie?  Well, I hope not.  I sincerely hope not. 


But I spent the time to write this out for you just in case you have certain fetishes and desires that you've never told me about.  I sincerly pray that, while I'm standing here watching you play, you do not get to this page.


Although it would, I suppose, be useful information to know.


Happy anniversary.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's nice to think about, here from a distance of 20+ years, getting the focus of our former selves just so, to think of what our younger selves might have done, could have done, should have done.


You would not approve, I think, of my fantasizing about a winsome, nubile, and wasp-waisted girl of eighteen, sooty-lashed, surprisingly large-breasted in spite of her slimness--and now, perhaps you are angry at my words, but what if that girl were you, twenty-plus years ago you, that all would be well  That was the body, that is the body that I have planted my flag in, after all, and you were the moon, and I were an astronaut claiming outer space for America--I want to say Buzz Aldrin, but that might not be right.


 
> You but you just gazed into each other's eyes, didn't you\? You were in public.
Yes, we just gazed at each other.  We were in public.   We'd known each other for just a few minutes, but something had clicked. 


In the months to come, I remember you saying  that you could imagine us married.


But what if you  had said that right then, talking about us as a unit, inseparable, a twinned set, right there, five seconds after meeting me.  You wouldn't have been wrong. 


Maybe you would have leaned forward and laughed and brushed your hair back, and you said it with that intuitive and charming way that I've come to associate with you at your smartest.   Let's say you weren't trying to be cute or flirt with those words--although they were cute, and they were flirtatious--but merely stating with a bit of humor the facts of the case. 


We were perfect for each other.


The cafeteria, let's say, was thinning out, although I suspect part of that was the way we were obviously, ostentatiously, falling love, right there in public.  It was somehow invisibly oozing all over everyone and it was too embarrassing for everyone to be around, but we didn't care, did we?
> You soon, there was nothing but each other. Everything else faded away.
It was solipsism, but with two people.  We'd wake up on a lazy Sunday holding each other, having embraced all night, pressed together in a tiny twin bed, you, my tiny twin.  I would stroke your hair, slightly warm, eyes still sleep-sealed like a new-born kitten's.


Your curves draping over my body, fitting perfectly, as if you were my own custom-tailored set of clothes, not that clothes had much to do with our mornings.  The sun rose and fell and rose and fell.  Did we get hungry or thirsty or ever need the bathroom or to get air?  I don't remember it ever being so.


We stopped using language almost, creating our own private language of syllables and looks.  Classes must have come and gone, and the janitors must have been perplexed by the chair we had propped against our doorknob to prevent anyone getting in, even after the semester had ended.  At least, that's how I remember it.


I kissed you, and an hour went by.  The room smelled of sex, and the telephone had been ringing (something something the bursar needed to be paid, and students were not allowed in the dorms during summer break, and we had long ago been kicked out, and your legs were wrapped around me.


And it's been so ever since then, at least, in my mind it has.  When I'm at work, when we're at our table, when we dine out, when we are at the public library, it's only you.  My lips are never off yours, even at family court, or while I am talking to my grandmother on the phone, or at parent-teacher conferences, perhaps, perhaps I'll remove my hand from within your shirt or stop whispering to you, but only perhaps.


Natalie, I could write this all day, and it is painful to have to write in English and not in our secret language.  But this is for you on our anniversary, although every day is an anniversary of a day we've been in love, and actually, perhaps I will publish this, because everyone deserves to see what perfect love looks like.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Yes, we just gazed at each other.  We were in public.   We'd known each other for just a few minutes, but something had clicked. 


In the months to come, I remember you saying  that you could imagine us married.


But what if you  had said that right then, talking about us as a unit, inseparable, a twinned set, right there, five seconds after meeting me.  You wouldn't have been wrong. 


Maybe you would have leaned forward and laughed and brushed your hair back, and you said it with that intuitive and charming way that I've come to associate with you at your smartest.   Let's say you weren't trying to be cute or flirt with those words--although they were cute, and they were flirtatious--but merely stating with a bit of humor the facts of the case. 


We were perfect for each other.


The cafeteria, let's say, was thinning out, although I suspect part of that was the way we were obviously, ostentatiously, falling love, right there in public.  It was somehow invisibly oozing all over everyone and it was too embarrassing for everyone to be around, but we didn't care, did we?
> You you're just not real, though, you know. You think you know there's no Natalie.
Is this the center of the labyrinth then?  Have we gotten to the middle of the spider's web only to discover that I'm the fly trapped in the middle?  Hardly.


Natalie, you know perfectly well that you are real, that we have been in love for decades.  I would not sit here, spending days and days without sleeping, getting fired from work for scribbling in a notebook and on my laptop drawing out flowcharts, to write a long, long interactive storygame as a testimony of my love to you if you were not real.  So I don't really know why you would say that, or why I would include this path.  It doesn't make sense, and it hurts my feelings.


If you weren't real, then why do I have this picture of you here, or this picture from a magazine that reminds me of what you would look like?  To whom did I write all of this poetry?  And all of these stories?  With whom have I been in love for so long, dreaming of, knowing that at least, at least, no matter what my failures and sorrows were, at least I found someone who I loved.


If that, nothing else matters.  Please, Natalie, don't not be real.  I didn't write this to have you tell me that.  If you're real, tell me.  Touch me.  Turn around from your chair and reassure me.  I don't want to look up and see a blinking cursor as the only movement in this house.  If I turn around, I know you'll be there.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I'm sure I said something like "Hey" or "Are you going to the thing tonight?"  Something like that.  It sounded good in my head, and...acceptable out loud.  But I wished I had said something better.


But I do remember what you said back to me, the sentence that made me fall in love with you.  I'm sure you remember too.
> You say "You're that cute guy who plays basketball."
As you know perfectly well, I was not, nor never I never been, on a basketball team, or played basketball, even "pick-up" basketball.  You would not have, nor did you say such a thing to me.


I recognize that you will never actually find your way to this page because you would not be so forgetful about our meeting, about that magical day.
> You you're pretty sure you said it, though. You *were* into basketball then, you're sure of it.
Yeah, maybe you said it to someone, but not me.  So my question is, what basketball player were you flirting with on the same day, maybe the same hour that you met me?  Did you sit down with him, whoever he was, and tell him he was special, too?


Who was he, Natalie?  See, there's a reason I said I'd watch you play.  Who was he?  Move that mouse and click his name.


 
> You marvin.
Marvin, with his scraggly half-beard and misspelled tattoo?  I'm surprised.  He left school after that first year, didn't he?  I remember him falling down during a game and they said he took it like a soldier.  He said in an interview for the school paper that he can't remember the last time he cried or felt real pain.


That was kind of a while ago, going on twenty years, but I'm going to see if Marvin still holds to those rules.  Now you stay here.  You did good clicking on his name.  I always wondered, and now I know.  When I get back, you're going to tell me everything about Marvin, and then we're going to pull those memories out of your head, like they never happened--out of our heads.  We'll take a shower and clean everything off.  This explains a lot, how I could always smell something on you, like a wolf smelling that some puppy had come browsing around its territory.


Fifteen miles away.  I'll be right back.  Don't get up from this chair. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Yeah, maybe you said it to someone, but not me.  So my question is, what basketball player were you flirting with on the same day, maybe the same hour that you met me?  Did you sit down with him, whoever he was, and tell him he was special, too?


Who was he, Natalie?  See, there's a reason I said I'd watch you play.  Who was he?  Move that mouse and click his name.


 
> You earl.
You disgust me, Natalie.  But it explains why he gave me that look of ownership when we started officially dating a bit later.  Like a landlord handing over the keys of a filthy apartment he and his friends had been partying in.


He's dead now, of course.  He died as vilely as he lived.  Oh, you didn't know?  That's because I deleted the message from your inbox, so I could tell you here.  Let you know that someone broke into his apartment.  I understand he took ten times his usual dose.   He bled from his eyes and rolled off his bed and his jeans fell down around his knees and that's where he stayed.  For a week, I think.


That's what I heard.  I guess I've gotten the confirmation I needed now.  Hope you enjoyed your game, Natalie, and had as much fun as I had making it.  Love you always.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Yeah, maybe you said it to someone, but not me.  So my question is, what basketball player were you flirting with on the same day, maybe the same hour that you met me?  Did you sit down with him, whoever he was, and tell him he was special, too?


Who was he, Natalie?  See, there's a reason I said I'd watch you play.  Who was he?  Move that mouse and click his name.


 
> You nobody, nobody!
You probably feel my hand, which was caressing your hair while you were playing, tighten, right now, as you read, wrenching your hair to the roots now.


This won't do, Natalie.  This isn't love.


Go back and look at the previous page, if you can see it through tears.  What was his name?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As you know perfectly well, I was not, nor never I never been, on a basketball team, or played basketball, even "pick-up" basketball.  You would not have, nor did you say such a thing to me.


I recognize that you will never actually find your way to this page because you would not be so forgetful about our meeting, about that magical day.
> You ...sorry, yes.
I didn't catch that.  What did you say?
> You said, "sorry, yes." you're sorry.
Good.  That's better.  Do you think you can continue without making any more mistakes?  Between this and last night's so-called "baked" ziti, I don't know anymore, Natalie.  I really don't know.  How a person fucks up baked ziti is really beyond me.


It's pasta, sauce, and cheese.  You put some spices on it.  You put it in the oven.  It's not that fucking complicated.


Listen.  You said, "Hey, I know you. You live in my dorm, on the top floor."  Now you say it, the way you said it then. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Yes.  You sat down and stayed there, and said hello.  Who does that?  Only at certain moments, in certain contexts, and certain fragile moods and confluences of life can someone sit down with a stranger and talk to them, to actively seek out friendship, to make a connection.


Try doing that on the subway, or at work, or at a movie theater, or a park bench.  You will be rebuffed at best, receive a restraining order at worst.


And why would such an attractive girl come sit down with me, and stay there?  It was fall, and I can't get that shirt and jeans out of my mind, and the shape of your body was visible and distracting.


I'm sure you remember how I looked up, trying to assume some semblance of cool.


I've told you about what experience I'd had to that point.  Not much.
> No kidding that the guy sitting reading Boswell's life of Johnson was inexperienced. You was just being nice.
Ouch, Natalie.  That stings.  Yeah, I guess I was pretty nerdy back there.  I didn't know what to do.  I loved books; that's all I had for company at the moment.  Listen, Boswell's Life of Johnson is very good.  No?  I shouldn't try to defend my nerdiness?  Fine.  I guess I've always looked to words for solace in moments like that.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I looked up and saw you, and then I looked back at my book.  It would have been very easy for you to walk past, to say nothing, to ignore me entirely.  In fact, it was the obvious thing to do.  It was right at the start of school, your hair was long and rippled with chestnut curls, and your next four years stretched out before you with possibility.  But you saw me, and you decided that this was a moment to act, to approach, to find me.


And then, what did you do?
> You jumped up, suddenly realizing you was late for class.
Ha, ha, no.  I know you don't really play these sort of things, but listen, no listen.  What you do is you click the line that says the thing you actually did.  You see?


I'm going to put a link to the previous page and this time make sure you click the correct one, the thing you really did, not this wrong thing that I'm sure you clicked by accident. 


Don't click this one again, do you understand?  It's not that complicated.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You looked at me, noticing me, when hundreds of people had walked past me that day.  I wasn't expecting to make friends, let alone meet the girl who would become the love of my life.  We were both so young, both eighteen, with infinite time to find each other.

 

Remember what you did?
> You ignored you, heading for the table where all those other guys were sitting.
Just like that?  Hardly.  You would never have done that.  You went to my table.  You looked at me--you must have looked at me, you freely admit that, because you can't ignore someone if you don't notice them first--and then you came over to me.


We joked about what if you had gone over there.  How things would have been different.  Worse.  Sadder.  Bleaker, and lonelier for both of us.  But you didn't turn away, you wouldn't have. 


So I don't understand how you could be here on this page, why I waste the time to write it, imagining worlds in which you don't or won't remember.  Torturing myself, imagining futures and pasts that weren't, will not, must not have, can't have would, insert the tense of your choice, real.


But go ahead, then.  Distort our story if you insist.  Please.
> You distort your Story
If you remember it, tell it right.  If it meant something, show me that.   Show me that you care, show me that you remember, show me that we at least share this much. 


What do you remember when you think of that time?
> You you're just remembering a fight you had, but you don't want to.
Fights always began the same way.  I would get quiet, trying not to say anything, and then you would immediately come up to me and say "why are you angry?" and that would make me furious.


I'd say, "I'm not angry," and you would look concerned and sweet and say something like, "Because you seem really angry."  And that would do it, that would put me over the edge.


Now that we're thinking about the cafeteria, I'm starting to think about a fight we had there once as well.  I think I know which one you're thinking about, where you said that I wasn't looking up when you were talking, that I was distracted, and that I needed to put you first when we were together.


 
> You if this storygame is going to bring up bad memories, you should stop.
Fine.  We can stop.
> You are you angry?
No.
> You because you seem really furious.
Now I am starting to get angry, yes.  And the whole point of this was to celebrate you, us.  And you being so obstinate or obtuse that you can't just click the right links is annoying me.


If you are trying to start an argument, I won't take the bait.  I'm sorry, Natalie, OK?  This was a stupid idea.  I don't know what you want me to say, and it's hard to write an apology in advance like this, not even knowing if we're going to really have the fight that leads you down this path anyhow.   But I think I know you well enough to know we will.


I've learned all too well over the years that I shouldn't even respond to this kind of provocation.


I have mastered the art of gentle nods and kind eyes.  Agree to be agreeable, while not agreeing.


You run the show, of course, the diva lyric soprano on the stage of the opera, while I play the role of supporting choric singer or trusted stagehand.


If you don't want to play with me, to remember our story together, to think of young us, but instead to focus on the bad, and resist, I will not protest.  I'll even show you how to delete this game.  Just go find that red "x," I don't care.


Let's just don't fight.  Let's close this up, then, and resume our usual evening activities.  If we have to be in bed tonight (magazine, sweat pants, game show, your body covered with two comforters and a small blanket) and have it be uncomfortable and awkward, I'll never get to sleep. 


Let's just forget about it, forget about it, forget about it.


 

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Fights always began the same way.  I would get quiet, trying not to say anything, and then you would immediately come up to me and say "why are you angry?" and that would make me furious.


I'd say, "I'm not angry," and you would look concerned and sweet and say something like, "Because you seem really angry."  And that would do it, that would put me over the edge.


Now that we're thinking about the cafeteria, I'm starting to think about a fight we had there once as well.  I think I know which one you're thinking about, where you said that I wasn't looking up when you were talking, that I was distracted, and that I needed to put you first when we were together.


 
> You yes, you remember that. You were thinking about Quinn.
I suppose I was thinking about her.  I'd gotten a letter from her, and I started thinking about high school friends.  She wasn't anything special to me that you knew about, I think, but you got jealous and perceptive, and asked questions.


You could tell I was thinking about her letter when you were talking.  I wanted to listen to you, and wanted to touch you, to run my hands through your hair, to pan for red gold with both hands in the river of your curls, but I was also thinking about Quinn with 10% of my mind, about what she meant when she said she missed me.


I wonder if that moment, where you sort of snapped at me a little and told me I wasn't paying full attention to you, is where we drifted apart.
> Yes. You did drift apart around then.
We said our goodbyes and walked away.  I suppose we felt we'd found a new friend.  Here's an old diary entry from that time.  Listen:


August 31, Train to school, did errands, got cafeteria card.  Went up for honor club, don't think I'll get in.  Chatted with new people, Donna, Karen, Michael.  Dorm looks ok-ish.  Helped Irene and Max (guy with green hair) move in.  Saw Sam by mail room.  Band coming to school "Solid State" and I might go.  Met Natalie in cafeteria.  There's a desk in the bathroom of the dorm???  Bill on my hall plays bass.


So, there you are, in the middle, worth mentioning, but no more special than helping Irene and Max (with his green hair) move in.  We met, we liked each other, and from then on, we were that person we saw on the way to and from classes, a mandatory, "Hi," and "Good morning, Natalie."  Later it became "Morning," because saying "Good morning" was, I guess, just too intimate.  Passing acquaintances, I think, is the term, and we were always passing, never once going in the same direction.
> You but then you were in the laundry room together, alone, a year later.
All right.  I guess we can tell the story this way.  It doesn't really matter, because we find each other in the end.  It's a story about how two people meant to be together find each other.  When isn't so important.  It could have happened a thousand different ways.  We're opposite poles of magnets in a shoebox full of styrofoam.   Shake the shoebox long enough, and we're going to find our way to each other and click together.


You were doing your sweaters, remembering to take them out before the dryer load, actually hanging them up to dry.  I was just finishing my laundry, and we said hello, as we did.


But then, I felt, something shifted.  We had missed our opportunity back then, a year ago.  And we were a year older.  I looked at you, and at your clothes in the laundry basket.  It felt intimate, somehow, to see you like this.  You looked somehow slenderer than last year, but it may have been just how large your laundry basket was.
> You would have asked you if you could carry your laundry up.
I would have.  And you would be a little older, maybe a little more jaded from a year of experience, disappointed by Lionel or Bud or Max or Cassie.  You would have some wounds, some visible in your face, some less so.


And me too.  I would have gone out with, let's say, Teresa, and then, over summer break, Quinn for a while.  But these relationships didn't last.  It doesn't really make sense that they would.  You don't fall in love with someone on the first day.  You grow together, and you grow apart, and then, if it's meant to be, you run into each other again.


That's what happened here, in this story.  I put your laundry down on your bed, and looked around your room.  I'd never thought about your room, or about you, really, since a year ago, but this was the start of something new.


You smiled at me and asked me if I was going to the game, and I said yes, although I had no idea what game she was talking about (Settlers of Catan? Football?) and we agreed to meet later that night.
> You and you fell in love forever that night.
We were shivering at the football game, and I had brought a blanket, and we cuddled under it, and drank hot cocoa I had in a thermos.  I wasn't the boy with Gulliver's Travels dumbly staring at you across a table, but a man, or nearly, and I had been working on my shoulders and arms a lot, and I held shivering you and gave you a real story of meeting, not a stupid story about saying hi in a cafeteria.


We looked at each other,  your chestnut curls falling over your face, your crimson lips parting a little, showing me you wanted me to kiss you, but I knew, and the home team was scoring, and I kissed you as the crowd screamed.   Then I pulled back a little and looked at you, and took your chin in my hand and tilted your chin up, just a little.  Like we've seen in dozens of movies, and then I kissed you again, and the camera pulls back, let's say, and we are in silhouette against the darkening sky.


You're right, Natalie.  It's much better.  Let's forget all the other parts.  I like this version better.  Come here, and let me kiss like that right now.  Just hit that final link below and look at me that way that you did then.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I would have.  And you would be a little older, maybe a little more jaded from a year of experience, disappointed by Lionel or Bud or Max or Cassie.  You would have some wounds, some visible in your face, some less so.


And me too.  I would have gone out with, let's say, Teresa, and then, over summer break, Quinn for a while.  But these relationships didn't last.  It doesn't really make sense that they would.  You don't fall in love with someone on the first day.  You grow together, and you grow apart, and then, if it's meant to be, you run into each other again.


That's what happened here, in this story.  I put your laundry down on your bed, and looked around your room.  I'd never thought about your room, or about you, really, since a year ago, but this was the start of something new.


You smiled at me and asked me if I was going to the game, and I said yes, although I had no idea what game she was talking about (Settlers of Catan? Football?) and we agreed to meet later that night.
> You but you didn't really click.
Yes, we did click.  We did click.
> You no, you really didn't. Honestly you sort of just wanted you gone.
Fine, then, Natalie.  Then fuck you.  I don't know what kind of story you're trying to tell, but it sounds like a story about wanting me gone.  So why don't I go.  I didn't tell you, but I have my bags packed already, and I don't need you, and I don't need these stories.  I'm taking your car, too, because it's the better car. 


Enjoy playing the rest of this game.  Maybe you'll see how much I love you if you try some other fucking paths, but it won't matter, Natalie.  Because you always do this.  You aren't funny, and you aren't the young, sweet Natalie who I fell in love with, but someone cruel and unable to love, and I deserve better than you.  Don't say anything.  I don't want to hear it.  There are some choices you make that you can't take back.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>All right.  I guess we can tell the story this way.  It doesn't really matter, because we find each other in the end.  It's a story about how two people meant to be together find each other.  When isn't so important.  It could have happened a thousand different ways.  We're opposite poles of magnets in a shoebox full of styrofoam.   Shake the shoebox long enough, and we're going to find our way to each other and click together.


You were doing your sweaters, remembering to take them out before the dryer load, actually hanging them up to dry.  I was just finishing my laundry, and we said hello, as we did.


But then, I felt, something shifted.  We had missed our opportunity back then, a year ago.  And we were a year older.  I looked at you, and at your clothes in the laundry basket.  It felt intimate, somehow, to see you like this.  You looked somehow slenderer than last year, but it may have been just how large your laundry basket was.
> You and you talked for a minute and then you said goodbye.
...right.  We said goodbye, I guess.  I'm not sure what the point of telling this story this way is.  But all right.  So what happens then?  How did we fall in love, then?
> You found ourselves sitting next to each other in chemistry class in junior year.
All right, fine.  So let's say, we were in chemistry class, which I was taking as a requirement, and you were taking because you hated your physics class and needed a hard science for a prerequisite or something.  You slide next to me.


"Hey, uh, Nicole.  Natalie, sorry."


"Hi."


We might think about the cafeteria and also the laundry room.  Probably not.  Two years ago, one year ago.  Probably less than five minutes combined in two years, that's 5/1,051,200 minutes, and my calculator can't do that calculation of percent.  9.5 somethingsomething e-7.   Not sure what that means.  But a very small percent of your life, is my point, had been spent in my company.


I only sort of remembered why I knew you.  You sort of start to recognize people at college, and you were just one of those familiar faces.
> You but then, you slowly started connecting, whispering in class and looking at each other.
This is all right, Natalie.  I see why you like this.  We were maturer, studying together.  We were growing into adults, both of us twenty now, less driven by hormones and more by recognition of someone special.


We shared a book at one point, when you had forgotten yours.  You often left your books in your dorm, you'd tell me, not on purpose, but because you didn't want to remember, because they were heavy, the backpack sitting achingly on your small frame.  Of course I said I'd be happy to carry them for you in the future, and you said you didn't mind sharing.


We started whispering in the back, sharing things about us, and I looked at your chestnut curls during class when I should have been learning about chemical bonds.  But in a sense, I was learning about bonds.  Words were bonding us, and something was happening, just the two of us sitting there.


Anyone who has ever been in love understands about just sitting and basking in someone's presence.  We were falling deeper in love, just sitting, my hand touching your hand as we turned the pages.
> You actually, although it was nice, you wouldn't say you fell in love.
So, what then?  What happened?  We took the class, got our grades, and went on our way?


We just stayed casual acquaintances, drifting away, and then we graduated, and then what?
> You didn't see each other again until seven years after college, in a club.
I don't go to clubs, of course, so I don't know why I would find myself in one, but let's say I stopped in on a whim, feeling a bit older--28 now!--and wanted to try to meet someone. 


The music was pounding and violently trying to expel me, perhaps recognizing me as too old or uncool to be in here.  I screamed out my drink order, choosing something I thought was cool, a Scotch on the rocks, and then I saw you.


You'd be dancing, looking, well, you were 28 too, but you wouldn't look it.  You'd be wearing a dark green, fairly tight dress, and low heels, and larger earrings than I'd ever seen you wear.  Gold circles with a bird in the middle.  And your chestnut hair would be a little shorter than before, which was a shame.  I wanted to see that mane of curls, but you didn't maintain in the way I liked it, because I wasn't a part of your life, anyway.


You'd be dancing in the middle of the din, with some girlfriends, the lights flashing over you, and you'd look up and I see you, and it would all come back to me.  The whole world, the whole universe of possibilities.  I'd see you and your beautiful face.
> You you'd slightly nod, not really remembering you, and dance away. And never see you again.
Then, goodbye, imaginary Natalie.  It could easily have so.  It's a horrible, sad, whimpering end of a story but also traumatic and all too possible.


I would have looked after you as you disappeared into the crowd, your small body quickly out of sight hidden by the other dancers, and I would drink my Scotch on the rocks--disgusting-tasting--and be deafened by the bass, and sit on the side for a while, and gather my thoughts, and then try to chat up two girls from Jersey completely unsuccessfully, coming out fifty dollars the poorer after buying them both cosmos.


And that, my Natalie, is where I would be seven years after college without you.  You would be lovely, dancing, having the time of your life, no doubt attracting a troop of sailors on leave, while I was sad and broken.  That, of course, is my point.  You are everything to me, and I know what you are, and how lucky I have to have you dance towards me, not away, to walk towards my table at the cafeteria, not past.  I know, Natalie.  And I love you, and I can't bear to think about it anymore.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I don't go to clubs, of course, so I don't know why I would find myself in one, but let's say I stopped in on a whim, feeling a bit older--28 now!--and wanted to try to meet someone. 


The music was pounding and violently trying to expel me, perhaps recognizing me as too old or uncool to be in here.  I screamed out my drink order, choosing something I thought was cool, a Scotch on the rocks, and then I saw you.


You'd be dancing, looking, well, you were 28 too, but you wouldn't look it.  You'd be wearing a dark green, fairly tight dress, and low heels, and larger earrings than I'd ever seen you wear.  Gold circles with a bird in the middle.  And your chestnut hair would be a little shorter than before, which was a shame.  I wanted to see that mane of curls, but you didn't maintain in the way I liked it, because I wasn't a part of your life, anyway.


You'd be dancing in the middle of the din, with some girlfriends, the lights flashing over you, and you'd look up and I see you, and it would all come back to me.  The whole world, the whole universe of possibilities.  I'd see you and your beautiful face.
> You say "Finally. It's you," you'd mouth. "I've been waiting for you."
I'd see that, and understand you across the dance floor, and everyone else would disappear, whisked away by the invisible stage manager.


It doesn't matter how long it takes, how many near misses there are, how many detours, and wrong turns, and foolish choices, and stupid miscalculations, we were meant to find each other, in this crowded club.  In this crowded world.


Always, Natalie. It's fun to joke about it and laugh and think about possibilities like you always do, you and your warped sense of humor, but in the end, everything leads here, here to this desk, where you sit with me.  The lights are off, and the edges of your features are lit from the computer screen like a Vermeer painting, and you are beautiful, and you are forty, and your hair is soft, and you are mine. 


And now I will go upstairs and take out the garbage, and load the dishwasher, and do the little daily tasks, which I can only do, and only feel happy about, because you are here, and you are mine.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>So, what then?  What happened?  We took the class, got our grades, and went on our way?


We just stayed casual acquaintances, drifting away, and then we graduated, and then what?
> You never saw each other again.
That's...horrible.  That's not how this is supposed to end.


But...if you want it to go that way, I guess I can imagine it.  We graduate and go our separate ways.  You move to Cleveland and get a job in a biochem firm, let's say you get married to a real estate attorney that you met in a bar on trivia night.


You got eleven out of fifteen questions right, tying for first place.  This real estate attorney was your randomly-assigned partner, let's call him Walter, and together you got the difficult bonus questions (Pugatorio, Archie Moore, Balboa) at the end, and you two split the winnings of free movie tickets to the premiere of some artsy foreign film, a large popcorn, a box of Sno-caps, and a Pepsi.


The film had some nudity in it, artistic, but you know, still nude, and you and this trivia loving Walter felt something pass between you.  You ended up with him.


And as for me...
> You probably ended up with Quinn.
Now, why would you bring her up?  You know I don't think about her anymore.  But if you insist, I will think about her, and her soft black straight hair, and her soft skin, tall and curvy, so different from your body.  More attractive, I'd say--really, anyone would say.


But I guess you remember that.  I kept a picture of her on my desk freshman year, specifically to make you jealous and think I was wanted by other girls, which, I guess, I was in Quinn's case.


That would be interesting to end up with Quinn in this story.
> You so you're with Walter and you're with Quinn. You're both happy enough.
Right, so you're in bed with burly Walter, not only post-coital, but pre-coital, because Walter is the man.


But in this brief refractory period in which Walter must regain his vital energies, you bend down, your chestnut curls which I have completely forgotten about embracing the side of your face, and you take our your college yearbook, and you flip through the pages, looking at everyone.


I'm in bed with Quinn half the country away, and I'm, as always, enjoying her long, long dancer's legs.  She does vinyasa yoga daily, and she makes French press coffee in the morning.  She dances ballet for city theater four days a week, and teaches at her own studio the other three.  She's busy, but undistracted, the picture of serenity.


You flip through the pages of your yearbook, and remember, and then you come upon the page with my face on it.


Meanwhile, after throughly satisfying Quinn who turns out to be an energetic demon in bed with very exotic tastes and fixations, I too, coincidentally, grab my yearbook, having to reach over Quinn, grazing her body accidentally, thus provoking what is sure to be a third round between us, her with her dancer's stamina, naturally.


I look through and happen to pause at the picture of you.
> You but you get bored of looking at photographs. You have ideal partners right here in bed with you.
Walter is relatable and muscular and funny and good and trivia, and Quinn is creative and artistic and funny and beautiful and lithe, and they are both completely in love with us.


You have a patio with driftwood furniture, and I have a greenhouse with rare orchids, and everything is right, and Walter is turned on again, and Quinn is scratching her nails on my back again, and the yearbooks fall on the floor.


There might have been a different world, but there isn't.


Is that the story, you want to hear, Natalie?  How things might have been, how we might have been happy with other people?  Perhaps so.  But there is no Walter, and while there is a Quinn, I haven't heard from her in decades.  It's a fiction.  We have our real story, and it's unglamorous and has no adventure or dangerous sex or anything, just love--soft golden love that fills the day.


If that's enough, then kiss me now, because I understand about wanting to scare yourself with thoughts of other futures, to think of how close we come to not being here in this room together.


And if that's not enough, then please, by all means, you go find your Walter, and I will look up Quinn.  We are here now, but we don't have to be.  It would be so easy to leave.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Right, so you're in bed with burly Walter, not only post-coital, but pre-coital, because Walter is the man.


But in this brief refractory period in which Walter must regain his vital energies, you bend down, your chestnut curls which I have completely forgotten about embracing the side of your face, and you take our your college yearbook, and you flip through the pages, looking at everyone.


I'm in bed with Quinn half the country away, and I'm, as always, enjoying her long, long dancer's legs.  She does vinyasa yoga daily, and she makes French press coffee in the morning.  She dances ballet for city theater four days a week, and teaches at her own studio the other three.  She's busy, but undistracted, the picture of serenity.


You flip through the pages of your yearbook, and remember, and then you come upon the page with my face on it.


Meanwhile, after throughly satisfying Quinn who turns out to be an energetic demon in bed with very exotic tastes and fixations, I too, coincidentally, grab my yearbook, having to reach over Quinn, grazing her body accidentally, thus provoking what is sure to be a third round between us, her with her dancer's stamina, naturally.


I look through and happen to pause at the picture of you.
> You and suddenly, everything seems wrong and the world starts to fall apart.
It's all a lie, all of it.  The house is a lie, and Walter is a lie, and even this version of Quinn is a lie.  Because we did meet, and we were in love, and fate didn't fail us.  That happy future would have been miserable, and I can't tell this story without hearing how hollow it is.


And you knew that, Natalie.  It's a ghost story, but we were the ghosts.  Yes, we could easily have missed each other.  But we didn't.  We made it onto the lifeboat, and we're safe, watching everyone around us drown.  We had to find each other, and we did, and now everything is all right.


We are older, so only now do we realize how close we come to loss, how deep that abyss is, how sad most of the paths in life are, and how many choices lead to sorrow.  But we're safe.  We're here, and happy anniversary, my love, my Natalie.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>That's...horrible.  That's not how this is supposed to end.


But...if you want it to go that way, I guess I can imagine it.  We graduate and go our separate ways.  You move to Cleveland and get a job in a biochem firm, let's say you get married to a real estate attorney that you met in a bar on trivia night.


You got eleven out of fifteen questions right, tying for first place.  This real estate attorney was your randomly-assigned partner, let's call him Walter, and together you got the difficult bonus questions (Pugatorio, Archie Moore, Balboa) at the end, and you two split the winnings of free movie tickets to the premiere of some artsy foreign film, a large popcorn, a box of Sno-caps, and a Pepsi.


The film had some nudity in it, artistic, but you know, still nude, and you and this trivia loving Walter felt something pass between you.  You ended up with him.


And as for me...
> You ended up sad and alone.
Uh, OK, this is a really weird story to tell, and I'm not sure why you are requesting it.


But, all right, I'm sad and alone.  Let's say I live in a basement apartment in the more waterlogged part of Northern Florida, the foundation having been soaked through by horrible flooding dozens of times this month.  The walls are so sodden I could put my finger through it, and roaches and termites, and house centipedes, and I don't know, boll weevils, are infesting the place.


I'm eating a can of fruit cocktail, the kind with gelatinous pear, peach, pineapple--all one orange/beige color, with a single florescent cherry slice, a color that never existed in nature.  I'm saving that dyed cherry piece for last.


Let's say I'm wearing gray socks with a hole over the big left toe, so my toe is sticking out.  And I'm thinking about college.  It's actually more pathetic that I'm a college graduate, and I'm here, with my toe and my cherry slice.  Let's say I work in a factory.
> You no, a sleep study test subject. That's your job.
Ha, ok.  I'm a sleep subject test guy.  So all I do in the day is lie on an uncomfortable mattress with a catheter and electrodes on me and sleep on demand.


Then I come home and just pretend to read or watch some stupid show.  I can't sleep because if I sleep now, I can't sleep at work.
> You meanwhile, back with Walter, you're looking at your college yearbook.
Right, so you're in bed with burly Walter, not only post-coital, but pre-coital, because Walter is the man.


But in this brief refractory period in which Walter must regain his vital energies, you bend down, your chestnut curls which I have completely forgotten about embracing the side of your face, and you take our your college yearbook, and you flip through the pages, looking at everyone.


You flip by and remember, and then you come upon the page with my face on it.
> You and you feel a shiver, like something's gone horribly, terribly wrong with the universe.
Like a ghost passing over you, or the spirit of a dead future, you touch my face, or rather, the picture of my face.  My face wouldn't look quite like that any more, as time had passed.


You'd know something had gone wrong, that you'd gone down some horrible path that you couldn't return from.  But you couldn't quite identify it.  You were happy, and you didn't know me, not really, and that chill you got was like the chill of deja vu, noticed, dismisses as inexplicible, and forgotten.


You'd keep the yearbook open to that page though, returning to it on your desk for the next week or so.  It reminded you of...something.  Some younger Natalie, I guess.  Some way that your current self has betrayed your past self.


It's too sad, Natalie.  I don't want to think about this.  Look at me.  We're here.  We did find each other, and there is no such person as Walter.  We can kill him with a thought.  It's just us, and Fate didn't betray us, and we can tell these ghost stories only because we know they aren't true.  Happy anniversary, my love.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Right, so you're in bed with burly Walter, not only post-coital, but pre-coital, because Walter is the man.


But in this brief refractory period in which Walter must regain his vital energies, you bend down, your chestnut curls which I have completely forgotten about embracing the side of your face, and you take our your college yearbook, and you flip through the pages, looking at everyone.


You flip by and remember, and then you come upon the page with my face on it.
> You but Walter is turned on again, and you slam the book and laugh and dive under the covers.
I put the slice of artifical cherry in my mouth and taste the false sweetness for a moment.


It didn't have to be this way.  There could have been something I did to twist fate so wretchedly.  But maybe it wasn't me.  Maybe it was something you did.  Or didn't do.


I think about you, though you don't think about me.  You are in ectasy with Walter, no doubt, screaming his name, when my name could easily have been there, touching his chest, when my chest could have, should have been there.


There's a whole part of your mind where I would have fit into that's missing, and you don't know it, and you'll never know it, because Walter is there, and he's good at trivia, and that's what the world would be if you hadn't approached my table that day, my Natalie.


That's a future that exists, and it's one I avoided because you came and saved me from it.  I don't quite understand why you wanted to hear that story, but it is a love story, and you are sick, sick, sick, Natalie, and come here and kiss me.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Uh, OK, this is a really weird story to tell, and I'm not sure why you are requesting it.


But, all right, I'm sad and alone.  Let's say I live in a basement apartment in the more waterlogged part of Northern Florida, the foundation having been soaked through by horrible flooding dozens of times this month.  The walls are so sodden I could put my finger through it, and roaches and termites, and house centipedes, and I don't know, boll weevils, are infesting the place.


I'm eating a can of fruit cocktail, the kind with gelatinous pear, peach, pineapple--all one orange/beige color, with a single florescent cherry slice, a color that never existed in nature.  I'm saving that dyed cherry piece for last.


Let's say I'm wearing gray socks with a hole over the big left toe, so my toe is sticking out.  And I'm thinking about college.  It's actually more pathetic that I'm a college graduate, and I'm here, with my toe and my cherry slice.  Let's say I work in a factory.
> You right, a factory worker in a shoe-odor-eater assembly line.
So I go in, and I just press this lever down that presses a sort of metal horseshoe shape on every hundredth odor-eater than comes don't the line, just to make sure the thickness is correct, and I have to be careful that it's exactly every hundreth, because of the timing of the assembly line.


But it's the least important job in the whole factory, even though if I mess up, I'll be fired and humiliated.


I have to count silently to a hundred in my head, over and over, so I can't even think my thoughts for my whole fourteen-hour shift, with thirty minutes for lunch, and two five-minute bathroom breaks.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>This is all right, Natalie.  I see why you like this.  We were maturer, studying together.  We were growing into adults, both of us twenty now, less driven by hormones and more by recognition of someone special.


We shared a book at one point, when you had forgotten yours.  You often left your books in your dorm, you'd tell me, not on purpose, but because you didn't want to remember, because they were heavy, the backpack sitting achingly on your small frame.  Of course I said I'd be happy to carry them for you in the future, and you said you didn't mind sharing.


We started whispering in the back, sharing things about us, and I looked at your chestnut curls during class when I should have been learning about chemical bonds.  But in a sense, I was learning about bonds.  Words were bonding us, and something was happening, just the two of us sitting there.


Anyone who has ever been in love understands about just sitting and basking in someone's presence.  We were falling deeper in love, just sitting, my hand touching your hand as we turned the pages.
> You and you were completely in love.
Slowly, it happened.  We didn't expect it, but maybe we should have.  We drew our chairs a little closer together.  We stopped happening to sit together, and starting going to class together and sitting together on purpose, in "our" seats.


We studied together, and then one day we put the books down and looked at each other.  Do you think that's how it would have happened?  Would we have asked each other about past loves and figured out all of our past near misses?  Or would we forget that and touch lips to each other and be thankful that we'd found each other, even after two years, lost, down the drain.  But that didn't really matter.  We would have been twenty, and your hips were slim and your wrists were narrow and covered in bangles, and your lips were crimson, and your hair was an impossible burst of chestnut curls, and your eyes were pale blue and young and unlined.


I would have longed for those two years, though.  Two years!   Two full years of loving you--the sweetest, least jaded version of you I could possibly have loved, but it doesn't matter. 


Perhaps we found each other when we most needed it.
> You it was the right time, you think. You wish it had happened then, not before.
Maybe so.  I would have had more experience, and you would have been ready to commit fully to me.  But that's all right.


Let's make this our story, then.  We met in chemistry class, let's say, and everything else, all the other stupid stories there could have been--just forget it.  We had a mature, older, and sweeter meeting, and our lips touched, and we were already thinking about graduation and jobs, not the new vista of college.  It was a more mellow wine, not as youthful, but that's all right.  I think it's all right.  I'm a little embarrassed by my freshman year self too.


Happy anniverary, then, Natalie, two years fewer than I thought, but happy anniversary nevertheless.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>All right, fine.  So let's say, we were in chemistry class, which I was taking as a requirement, and you were taking because you hated your physics class and needed a hard science for a prerequisite or something.  You slide next to me.


"Hey, uh, Nicole.  Natalie, sorry."


"Hi."


We might think about the cafeteria and also the laundry room.  Probably not.  Two years ago, one year ago.  Probably less than five minutes combined in two years, that's 5/1,051,200 minutes, and my calculator can't do that calculation of percent.  9.5 somethingsomething e-7.   Not sure what that means.  But a very small percent of your life, is my point, had been spent in my company.


I only sort of remembered why I knew you.  You sort of start to recognize people at college, and you were just one of those familiar faces.
> You and you didn't talk at all. You just sat next to each other and listened to the lecture.
No, we didn't.  It was a boring lecture about quanta or something.  We didn't listen to the lecture.  We were right next to each other, and we were realizing that we had waited for so long.  But now, we were orbiting around something special, orbiting around happiness, circling it, recognizing that all we had to do was reach out our hands and touch each other and the past, missed opportunities wouldn't matter.


Yes, we'd have lost two years of youth and happiness, but really, it didn't matter.  We'd found each other, and Fate kept shoving us together until we got it through our skulls that we were meant to be together.
> You no, you didn't talk. And you stopped sitting next to each other because there was a drip in the ceiling above your seat.
So now, you're saying that instead of sitting next to you, I was sitting next to a bucket slowly filling with water?  And you were where?
> Down by the front sitting next to Kevin and Paul.
How about this for a fantasy.  Fuck you, Natalie.  You aren't playing right, and I don't know why you sickly want to fantasize about us never meeting, never falling in love.  Why don't you go enjoy Kevin and Paul.  Sit right next to them.  Walk home with them and do whatever you want with them.


Fine.  So we never fell in love.  Maybe we never met at all.  If we never met, I can't leave you.  I don't know whose stuff this is, or whose bed this is that I'm tearing to shreds, or who car this is that I'm beating the hell out of with a crowbar, but we never met, we never fell in love. 


And I hope you and Kevin and Paul are very happy together and you learn a lot of chemistry together.  Happy fucking anniversary, Natalie.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No, we didn't.  It was a boring lecture about quanta or something.  We didn't listen to the lecture.  We were right next to each other, and we were realizing that we had waited for so long.  But now, we were orbiting around something special, orbiting around happiness, circling it, recognizing that all we had to do was reach out our hands and touch each other and the past, missed opportunities wouldn't matter.


Yes, we'd have lost two years of youth and happiness, but really, it didn't matter.  We'd found each other, and Fate kept shoving us together until we got it through our skulls that we were meant to be together.
> You all right, you guess. You might have. You might have talked and clicked and fallen in love.
Try to be a little more enthusiastic, Natalie.  This is your fantasy and our story.  We were--we would have been--in love.  The world was ensuring it.   Say it with some enthusiasm.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>We said our goodbyes and walked away.  I suppose we felt we'd found a new friend.  Here's an old diary entry from that time.  Listen:


August 31, Train to school, did errands, got cafeteria card.  Went up for honor club, don't think I'll get in.  Chatted with new people, Donna, Karen, Michael.  Dorm looks ok-ish.  Helped Irene and Max (guy with green hair) move in.  Saw Sam by mail room.  Band coming to school "Solid State" and I might go.  Met Natalie in cafeteria.  There's a desk in the bathroom of the dorm???  Bill on my hall plays bass.


So, there you are, in the middle, worth mentioning, but no more special than helping Irene and Max (with his green hair) move in.  We met, we liked each other, and from then on, we were that person we saw on the way to and from classes, a mandatory, "Hi," and "Good morning, Natalie."  Later it became "Morning," because saying "Good morning" was, I guess, just too intimate.  Passing acquaintances, I think, is the term, and we were always passing, never once going in the same direction.
> You gradually stopped saying even "morning." Just nods at one point.
And so, with a pathetic whimper, that was it.  We passed each other, we glanced at each other, then we stopped even doing that.  It became awkward.  I started to reroute my walk to the academic quad to avoid you.  I started to make fun of you to my friends, "oh, there's Natalie."  Because the moment we started ignoring each other, you seemed to be everywhere.


I didn't know why I had found you attractive.  You were short and you wore mildly unfashionable clothes.


And that was it.  One of hundreds of people I met at college, and later, years and years later at a reunion I saw you.  I looked at you across the function hall.  "Oh, there's...hm."  I couldn't conjure your name up.  Nicole?  Natasha?  Didn't matter.


I swirl my glass of brandy around.  There was a thought I'd had about you a long, long time ago, but I can't remember it.  It probably wasn't important.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>So, I thought it would be fun to sort of relive or replay how we met, to remember some special thoughts, and think about what was magical about it.  So we can remember all those fun things we did a long time ago.


So let's remember together!  It was September, the very beginning of college, just before classes were about to begin.


I was sitting in the cafeteria, the big one, the Flynn Cafeteria.  Try to imagine it.  I was sitting in the back, by the window, where I was feeling a little lonely.  I didn't like my roommate, I found college overwhelming so far, and I was sitting with my tray by myself.


I think I was eating corn chowder.


And I'm reading a thick book.  It might have been Boswell's Life of Johnson, which I'd been in the middle of when college started, and I brought it just for moments like this.  I know, I know.  It was super nerdy.  You walked in, got your food, and approached.  I remember were were wearing a loose purple linen shift and jeans.  And black boots.  Your legs looked really good.


What do you remember from that moment?  Do you remember it at all?
> You mostly remember you checking you out.
I have to say that I'm surprised that's what you noticed most of all.  It's just funny that when I ask the question, you don't think about what you did, or what you said, how how you sat down and we connected on a deep level?


It's all right now.  I mean, I think I know you by now, and where your mind tends to go.  I guess we've always been a little bit of a mismatch in certain ways.  I guess in an ideal world, both partners are matched:  their sex drive, their particular desires, their every little desire for something, matched to a desire to give that thing, like a brand-new jigsaw puzzle, solved in one particular way, and all the pieces fit, with no pieces left over or lost behind the radiator.


 
> You so you looked you up and down the second you saw you\?
Hell, yes.  Why wouldn't I?  You looked good.  You aren't very curvy, but curvy enough, especially for someone with a small frame like you, and my eyes traced over and in your shirt's neckline, and I guarantee you that if you had walked past me I would have turned around and watch you walk away if I thought I could get away with it.
> You of course. You was looking too.
I see what kind of stories you think you're going to get here.  I'm trying to help you remember, and all you want to do make up some stories of a different kind.  Because I don't think you were looking at me that way.  I think you were just walking.  Now get a hold of yourself.  We can get there, and I like where you're going, but we have to work into it slowly, all right?
> You fine. But you're thinking about it.
I'm sure you are.  Now listen up.  Remember.  Think about that day.  Think really carefully.  I want to relive it with you.  Do you remember going into the cafeteria?  You have the weirdest smile on your face, I'm sure of it, right now, but try to get your mind in the right place.  Do you remember?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Hell, yes.  Why wouldn't I?  You looked good.  You aren't very curvy, but curvy enough, especially for someone with a small frame like you, and my eyes traced over and in your shirt's neckline, and I guarantee you that if you had walked past me I would have turned around and watch you walk away if I thought I could get away with it.
> You ew, no, you don't want to think about you doing that in that moment.
Sorry, Natalie.  I guess I've always been a little focused on sex.  I don't think it's that weird.  I have certain desires that I know don't completely match up with yours, but that's got to be true for everyone, don't you think?  I mean, I put some of these branches in here just...just to amuse myself, not that I think you'd be interested in thinking about how they might play out, but just for fun.  Just to fill out the choices, you know?


But they could have happened, you know.  It wouldn't have taken much.  But definitely don't click them if you see them.


So anyway, just try to think about coming into the cafeteria, ok?  Do you remember that?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>On Saturday, December 17th, 2005, I proposed to Katrina, my girlfriend of five years.

This storygame is based off of my actual proposal to Katrina. I've tried to keep thisas close to how it happened / was planned as possible. Since this is a choose-your-story, you will probably have a slightly different experience, but all paths will lead to the same place, since it was planned that way.

You will be reading this story from the perspective of Katrina.
> You oK, you've got it!
It's Thursday night, a little after 9:00PM, and you just returned home from a twelve-hour workday. But it's all good -- this is the start of a long weekend --  your Birthday weekend -- and you've got five days before you have to return to the daily grind.

You see that Alex's friends are over, feasting on Chinese food, and have ordered your favorite dish: General Tso's Chicken. You chow down while they finish up judging some $100 make-a-game contest for their website. They wrap things up after an hour or so, leaving just you, Alex, and a quiet house.

You're a bit tired, but are a bit anxious about tomorrow. It's your birthday, and you're dying to know what Alex got for you. He's been talking about it for a few weeks and seems to have been having some shady dealings with some strange people. You have a good idea of what it is (an artifact of some sort) but really want to know what it is ...
> You say "Alex, can you give me my gift tonite?"
You ask Alex if he can give you the gift tonite, but he denies, insisting it will have to wait.
> You say "Pleeeaaassee ... I'm sooo curious ...."
You beg and plead, but Alex still insists that you wait tomorrow. Phooey.
> You oh well, off to bed
After such a long work day, it's great to finally get to bed. You fall asleep without any problems and sleep in for a long time. A verrrry long time. A verrrrrryyyyy looooong time.
> Twelve Noon
You wake up and do the morning thing, rushing a bit because you're just dying to know what Alex got for you for your birthday. Alex tells you to sit down at the kitchen table and close your eyes. He runs off and retreives your gift, placing it down right in front of you.

"Happy Birthday, Katrina" he says.
> You open Your Eyes
You open your eyes and see a medium-sized Shabti statuette enclosed in a glass case. The artifact is 7.5" long and is in pristine, museum-quality condition. Compared to the small (1cm) sized bead from last year's gift, this thing is huge -- and in great condition.  How could Alex have gotten this?


You also see a piece of paper under the case ...
> You what's The Paper Say?
Wow, it's the accompanying Certificate of Authenticity. It says that the piece is an Anubis Shabti and is from the  Twelfth Dynasty (Approx 1908 BCE). It was discovered by Miriam Lichtum in 1967. That's pretty neat!


You absolutely love the gift. Being a huge fan of Egyptian things -- especially artifacts -- this is more than you could ever want for your birthday! You are a bit curious how Alex was able to obtain such a nice piece, though ...
> You ask Alex how he got this
Alex explains ...

Strange thing, really. I called the Cleveland Museum of Art to see if they knew a reputable artifact dealer and they refered me to the Egyptian Antiquities Society in Chicago. I gave them a call and they kinda laughed at me, saying they really only work in the tens-of-thousands of dollars.

A few weeks later, this one guy from the Society, Dr. Evans, called me back and said that he found something that would fit my profile perfectly. Since these artifacts cannot be shipped, he brought it to Cleveland from Chicago.
> You interesting ...
The rest of your Birthday isn't too eventful. You do the normal birthday stuff: go to your family's house for cake, go out to dinner, and relaxed for the rest of the night.

Throughout the day, you can't stop thinking of how cool the artifact is. It does seem a bit creepy -- after all, this was buried with some guy almost four thousand years ago. But it is so neat to own such an amazing piece of history.
> The Next Day ...
The rest of the weekend was fun and relaxing, but nothing to write an adventure game about. You did find a few hours of free time while Alex was busy at work. During those few hours, you ...
> You ... Watched some television
It's amazing how much time flies while you're watching TV. It's not like you really find anything new, but it's always entertaining. Before you know it, it's Sunday night, and time for bed.

As you and Alex get ready for bed, Alex complains that two of the fish died.
> Monday
Monday was a pretty relaxing day: sleeping in, shopping, and just hanging out. Nothing notable happened, although as you get ready for bed, Alex mentioned that some more fish died.
> You on to Tuesday ...
Another day of rest and relaxaction. Might as well, it's been a long year -- you've been going to classes at night after work for the past five years, so it feels really great to finally have a break and nothing to worry about.

 
> You off to work tomorrow ...
Yicch -- nothing like going back to work after a small vacation. But it's all good, it's a short week and was a normal day. No staying late required. Woo!

After work, you and Alex stop and do a little bit of shopping. You arrive home and notice that the cat must have completely gone insane. All of the statues and trinkets on the shelf that the the Artifact sat on were knocked over. Some books and magazines were on the floor, fallen from another shelf. It's almost as if a small earthquake happened.

You're not quite sure how she could have possibly gotten up on the shelf to knock all those artifacts and trinkets over. It also is a little weird that the door on the glass case was open. Oh well, those are cats for ya.
> You on to Thursday ...
Another uneventful day at work. After getting home and eating dinner and watching TV, you get ready for bed. You fall asleep and are a ....
> You ... Light sleeper
As you're sound asleep, you are jarred awake by a loud noise ....

SLAM!

Alex awakes too, and you are both completely dazed. You look across the room and see that the door is closed. it must have slammed shut. This wasn't the first time you've been awoken in the night by a slammed-shut door. In the summer, when all the windows are open, a bit of wind will cause the doors to slam shut.

But of course, it is the middle of the winter, and no windows are open ...
> You that's weird ... Back to sleep
Finally it's Friday! After a long day of work, you decide to just stay home and watch a movie tonight. You have a big day tomorrow: shopping with your friend and a girls-night-out for your Sister's birthday. Plus, Alex has to go to work early tomorrow morning; he's been complaining about that for weeks.


 You end up watching Sahara, an action movie about Treasure Hunters and Africa. It was a pretty fun movie.
> You off to bed ...
The alarm goes of bright and early at 7:00AM and Alex jumps out of bed, rushing to get to work. He was supposed to be there at 7:00 .... whoops!
> Back to sleep ...
After falling back to sleep, you're rudely awaken by the telephone ...

RING! RING! RING!      RING! RING! RING!

Who on earth could be calling at 8:30 in the morning on a saturday? Probably a telemarketer ...
> You pick up the phone
It's Alex.

Sorry to wake you hun, but Dan* just called. His harddrive crashed last night and needs another one for his MP3s so he can do his DJ gig. It's in Akron tonite, so he needs to stop by and pick it up around 10:30AM or so.

You're not too happy about this. You actually sayed up till about 3:00 AM watching another movie, so you need some serious sleep!

* or, as some know him, march5th00
> No way, you're too tired
You tell Alex that you're too tired ...

He reallllly needs the drive. He has no music and needs to try to retreive it from his hard drive ...
> You can't he buy a hard drive?
You ask if he could go to Best Buy and pick up a hard drive. They sell them for fairly cheap, afterall.

He is completely over the limit on his credit card. Besides, why spend $100 when I have one I'm not even using. He'll only stop in and out.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>After falling back to sleep, you're rudely awaken by the telephone ...

RING! RING! RING!      RING! RING! RING!

Who on earth could be calling at 8:30 in the morning on a saturday? Probably a telemarketer ...
> You ignore the phone
You let the answering machine pick up the phone and once again there is peace in the house. No loud phone ... or ....

RING! RING! RING!      RING! RING! RING!

Argh! Why won't they let you sleep?!?!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Another uneventful day at work. After getting home and eating dinner and watching TV, you get ready for bed. You fall asleep and are a ....
> You ... Heavy sleeper
As you snooze, you're awaken by a girl-like shriek:

Eeeaaaahhh!

It was Alex, and he's fallen down on the floor. You jump up and ask what is wrong. He says that he swear he saw someone standing in the office, by your new artifact.

He gets back up and takes another look -- nothing. "Heh," he says nervously, "amazing what you see when you're half asleep."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The rest of the weekend was fun and relaxing, but nothing to write an adventure game about. You did find a few hours of free time while Alex was busy at work. During those few hours, you ...
> You ... Surfed the net
It's amazing how much time flies while you're surfing the net. It's not like you really find anything new, but it's always entertaining. Before you know it, it's Sunday night, and time for bed.

As you and Alex get ready for bed, Alex complains that two of the fish died.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The rest of the weekend was fun and relaxing, but nothing to write an adventure game about. You did find a few hours of free time while Alex was busy at work. During those few hours, you ...
> You ... Researched the artifact
You grab the artifact and fire up google.


What do you want to know?
> You what is a Shabti?
Shabti or Ushabti (Egyptian language) is a funerary figurine which served as a dead man's deputy in order to do labor for him, mostly agricultural, in the afterlife. They existed between the Twenty-first dynasty of Egypt and the end of the First Intermediate Period.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab the artifact and fire up google.


What do you want to know?
> You why is Anubis depicted in the corner?
You find the following information about Anubis. However, you cannot find any examples of him being depicted on Shabti statues. That's a bit odd ...

Originally, in the Ogdoad system, he was god of the underworld, and his name is frequently thought to have reflected this, meaning something like putrefaction. He was said to have a wife, Anput, who was really just his female aspect, her name being his with an additional feminine suffix (the t), who was depicted exactly the same (though feminine). His father was originally said to be Ra, as he was the creator god, and thus his mother was said to be Hesat, Ra's wife, who later was identified as Hathor (who her identity was remarkably similar to). As lord of the underworld, Anubis was identified as the father of Kebechet, the goddess of the purification of bodily organs due to be placed in canopic jars, during mummification.

As ruler over the dead, he was given titles such as He who is set upon his mountain, in reference to his sitting atop desert cliffs to guard multiple necropolis, and Chontamenti (also spelt Khentimentiu, and Khentamenti), meaning Lord of the Westerners, in reference to Egyptian belief that the entrance to the underworld was towards the west, since that was the direction in which the sun set. As ruler, he was also said to have been victorious over the dark forces (described as nine bows), which also, naturally, lurk in the underworld, gaining him the title Jackal ruler of the bows.

As king of the underworld, he was also considered to be the one who weighed the heart of the dead against the feather of Maàt (the concept of truth), gaining him the title He who counts the hearts. One of the reasons that the ancient Egyptians took such care to preserve their dead with sweet-smelling herbs was that it became believed Anubis would check each person with his keen canine nose. Only if they smelled pure would he allow them to enter the Kingdom of the Dead.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab the artifact and fire up google.


What do you want to know?
> You what's with the headdress?
You can't really find anything of note about this figure's headdress. From what you remember, you don't normally see a statue with a headdress but no beard, especially from this time period.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab the artifact and fire up google.


What do you want to know?
> You what does the inscription mean?
The inscription is very difficult to make out, and you can't translate it at all. Normally, spell 472 from the sixth chapter of the Book of the Dead is inscribed in full on Shabtis:

Illumine the Osiris NN, whose word is truth. Hail, Shabti. If the Osiris NN be decreed to do any of the work which is to be done in the Khert-Neter, let everything which standeth in the way be removed from him - whether it be to plough the fields, or to fill the channels with water, or to carry sand from (the East to the West). 'Here am I', you shall say, 'I shall do it.'

The only word you can make out in the inscription is Burden.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab the artifact and fire up google.


What do you want to know?
> You enough Research ...
How time flies when you're researching. Before you know it, it's Sunday night, and time for bed.

As you and Alex get ready for bed, Alex complains that two of the fish died.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The bed is lovely. You are quite comfortable underneath your fluffy blanket, and sunlight has just begun to stream through the window. Perhaps there are birds twittering somewhere far away, but you don't pay much attention to anything. Everything is soft and warm, and soon you are nearly asleep again.


Then there is something against your lips. It is soft and warm too, and you smile. Your mouth is full of sweetness and the taste of great ripe blackberries. You picture them hanging on the bush, gleaming dark on a summer day. Now it is like wine, and now like honey.


The thing against your lips pushes a little harder, and the flavor grows stronger. The wine goes sour and the honey is sickly sweet. The berries seem to burst and spill their rotten juice. There are flies and maggots now, crawling and fluttering and devouring your tongue and face. You scream and they swarm down your throat. You open your eyes; the room has gone terribly dark, and everything is cold.


Sprawled across your body is a woman with purple lips, so purple they seem almost black. She studies you dispassionately for a moment as the insects crawl about your stomach and chew your organs. You cannot scream any more, you cannot even think. You only look at her beautiful face and those lips. You watch her spread a pair of vast silverly wings around you, until you are utterly alone. 


Then she bends forward and gives another kiss. 
> You continue...
You wake up gasping in a pool of sweat. It takes a few minutes before you realize it was a dream, the same dream that's come many times over the past year. Sometimes there will be a month in between the nightmares, sometimes only a few days, but they always come back, and they are always the same.


It's funny. The dreams look real, and indeed they even taste real, but after a couple hours you can never seem to remember exactly how those dark lips tasted or how the air grew hideously cold. You can't even remember what the woman's face looked like, only that she was very beautiful.


Today you'll have to force the images from your mind even faster. You can't afford to have these phantoms dancing around in your head during the examination, not after you've worked so hard just to have the chance at entering the College. It's been your dream for years, and who could blame you? The College is practically on your doorstep. Students come from across the country and some from the far corners of the world, but the great iron gates are barely ten minutes from your house. You passed them every day when you walked to school. Behind the gates you saw the students, laden with piles of old books, and the professors, some wizened old men, others .


Once you even caught a glimpse of the Chancellor himself, Dr. Fogg, stooping down to speak to a gardener. He wore a plain black suit, not much different from any merchant or gentleman, but his white beard grazed the grass as he peered through tiny spectacles at the flowers.


You head downstairs. Mrs. Littlethwaite, your family's cook, brings a plate of eggs, sausages, potatoes, and mushrooms, but you can only pick at the food. The sour dream taste is fading, but it doesn't leave much of an appetite behind. Still, you force down a cup of tea and manage some potatoes.


"Your father is in his study," Mrs. Littlethwaite calls from the kitchen. The order is left unsaid, but it still fills you with dread. You climb the narrow stairs and knock on his door. A moment later he calls you in.


He sits behind his desk, upon which sit a number of papers and a small brass balance. Augustus Latimer is tall and thick with a short beard. He motions you closer, still copying something from a huge ledger book. You stand silent as the minutes go by. You're not late, but every second makes you more and more nervous. All your notes are in a satchel upstairs- you'd like to be inside the examination room already, studying them one final time.
> You finally he sets down the ledger.
"He regards you for a moment and sighs. "Have you prepared as well as you can?"


"I've studied everything covered in the entrance exams, Father. Theology, natural philosophy, literature, the rudiments of daemonology, mathematics. And Latin and Greek, of course." You shift from one foot to another, hoping he won't comment.


He looks down at his paper and back to you. "Mathematics?"


"Yes sir. Arithmetic, geometry, algebra, and calculus."


"You never showed much interest in figures when I tried explaining the business."


You hold his gaze for as long as you can. "I'm afraid not, Father."


He only sighs again. "Very well. The College is certainly respectable, and the daemonologists do good service to the Church and the King, but I cannot say I approve of you joining them. Too many are disreputable, too many are foreigners, too many swindle superstitious old women. Too many are selfish and care only for increasing their own power. Too many care only for their work and do not think of the consequences of their magic." He pauses, and you are about to respond when he continues. "Your brother did quite well at Cambridge, you know. Dr. Burney is a friend of the family, and I am sure a letter would secure admission there. His brother is Bishop of Norwich, and I know many other churchmen besides. I'm sure we could find you a position, some well-endowed parsonage perhaps. Unless you're quite determined to continue on this course?"


The old argument, and on examination day too. At least it's helping you forget the dream. "I think my talents can best serve the nation this way, Father."


"Very well. You may go." His eyes linger for a moment on the portrait of you mother, and then he opens the ledger book and begins copying again. The scratching sound seems to follow you as you leave the study and climb to your room. You snatch your satchel and go back down the stairs. You're almost out the door when you see Mrs. Littlethwaite emerge into the entranceway. She's holding something.


"I thought you might get hungry during the exam. It's only a few scones, but it's better than nothing. Good luck dear." Her wrinkled face breaks into a smile, though she's crying a little too. You bend down to give her a quick hug, which makes her blush and sends her scurrying back to the kitchen.
> You to the Gates
It is overcast this morning, but the August sun still beats down and makes the whole city sweat. You pass traders, their carts full of apples and cheese and fish, beggars hunched over beside the street, and old men smoking outside a tavern. A priest, his face red above his starched white collar, yells at a group of schoolboys who nearly knocked him over chasing one another. Only a few months ago you were one of them, studying at St. Stephen's School in the south of Covingsford.


Soon you are at the Iron Gates of the College. They are only opened today, for examinations, and in June, when each graduating class departs, diplomas in hand, to war with the supernatural enemies of the kingdom and of all mankind. A bald man stands just inside, marking off names on a paper and wearing an annoyed scowl. He asks yours, and after you've told him, directs you down the path to Dodley Hall. 


The College is full of old stone buildings and neat lawns, and you follow the thin line of prospective students to a particularly large hall near the center of the grounds. The vast antechamber is packed. Most are around eighteen or so, around your age, but there are a handful of adults and even a plump and cheerful old man in a tattered coat. You catch a few snatches of whispered conversation, although everyone is too busy reviewing their notes to really talk. You do the same, letting your eyes wander across Cromwell's classification of lesser spirits, not really taking much in. There are a few hundred people here, and you wonder how many will gain admission. You can always try again next year, but there's a limit to your father's grudging tolerance for this ambition.


Nearly an hour passes in nervous anticipation before the bald man bangs a gong and the room goes entirely silent. Another man, standing behind a small podium, clears his throat. Everyone presses forward to hear while he smiles down indulgently, his red hair and moustache expertly coiled. "Welcome to the admissions examination for Covingsford College. I am Dr. Sidney Ffoukes, and you have already met my colleague Dr. Coghill." The bald man scowls. "In a moment, we will begin calling your names. When your name is called, please proceed to your assigned examination room. A member of the faculty will be waiting to evaluate your fitness for study at this institution. He will disclose his decision, which is final, upon completion of the examination. Good luck to you all."


The crowd waits expectantly for a moment. Coghill hands Ffoukes his list. "Mr. James Day." Day is short and thin, and he goes completely pale at his name. "Mr. Day, your examination will be in room 1." Ffoukes gives a little nod, and Day, trembling, walks down towards the door. The crowd gives him a wide berth, all eyes watching. He disappears through the door.


"Mr. Thomas Wesley" is called next, then "Mr. George Ryder" and "Mr. George Townsend." Then Mr. Patrick Warren, Mr. Phillippe Maréchal, and Mr. Ramsay Bennet. The names and faces fade into a blur as you try to focus on your notes.
> You hours drift by...
The room is much emptier now. Coghill and Ffoukes take turns calling names, and you watch a fat servant bring in bowls of stew and white bread for them to share. You remember Mrs. Littlethwaite's scones and pull them from your satchel. They are soft and crumbly and sweet, and they help keep you calm while you watch the others muttering Latin to themselves and pacing around the room.


"Do you have anything else to eat?" Startled, you turn to find another examinee staring at your satchel. His clothes are a little worn and he looks a bit older than you, though some of that might just be because his skin is drawn and sallow. His eyes have a strange, piercing glint, but then he smiles. "Us forgotten ones have to stick together, don't we?"


You hand him the rest of your last scone and introduce yourself. He eats it quickly and does the same. He is Peter Aubrey, from London, and he has been an orphan since his parents' deaths at sea some years ago. His uncle raised him, but he too died this past year. "But his friend, the learned Mr. Clark of Southwark, was quite kind to me. He knew Dr. Buckstone, one of the professors here, from Eton, and wrote him a letter asking the College to examine me."


You talk with Peter for the next hour, happy to have something to take your mind off what lies in the next corridor. When Ffoukes finally calls out your name, you barely feel nervous at all. Peter shakes your hand, and then you walk through the door and along the hall to room 11. You hadn't talked much about the exams themselves (better to avoid anything that might aggravate your nerves), but you hope he's well prepared. He certainly needs a place more than you do. 


You knock on the door and a weak voice calls you in. Banishing the image of your father and his study from your mind, you head inside to find a truly ancient man, his skin like old parchment. He squints at you. "Name?" he titters, his accent Scottish.


You answer, and as he writes it down you watch his hand trembling. You hope they'll be able to read it later- if you're admitted, that is.
> You he coughs and begins to speak.
"I am Dr. Thewliss, professor of Historical Studies and Daemonography." You bow and he continues. "The examination is straightforward. There are no tricks. Do not try to be clever. Answer the questions in good, plain language and you will do splendidly."


He glances down at his papers. "Explain Lagrange's Mean Value Theorem."


You rattle off the definition exactly as you memorized it. "Any part of a continuous smooth curve will certainly include a point at which the curve of the slope and that of the section will be precisely equal, sir."


"How did Hibbert explain the transmission of infectious diseases?"


You think for a moment. "Hibbert believed that diseases were spread solely through contaminated water, sir. He held that patients should be allowed only clean water and coarse bread to cure every kind of disease."


Dr. Thewliss scratches his nose. "And was this effective?"


"No, sir. Hibbert's patients recovered at the same rate as those of any other doctor. He himself contracted consumption and died from it."


And so it goes for a few dozen questions. You are able to give good answers to most questions and something to every he asks. You describe St. Augustine's views on free will and predestination, Shakespeare's tragedies, Quincy's tripartite theory of daemonic possession, the chemical composition of British soils, and so on. Dr. Thewliss remains dispassionate through most of your answers, though he gives a satisfied chuckle when you repeat, verbatim, 21 lines from Virgil in Latin. You fall into an easy rhythm. Question, answer, question, answer. Then Dr. Thewliss asks something you hadn't anticipated.


"Do you have experiential knowledge of any spirit, whether angelic, daemonic, or of indeterminate nature?"


You open your mouth to say no, and suddenly the taste of sour wine and sickly sweet berries fills it. You begin to gag and cough, your mind racing. All the awful dreams of the past year come back in an instant. Is it possible that they were more than simple nightmares brought on by an overactive imagination and evenings spent reading daemonological texts? The dreams are always the same, at least as far as you can remember.  Always the beautiful face and the delicate, silver wings. Always pleasurable at first, and then suddenly horrifying and foul.


But you're still alive, still healthy. What kind of daemon would haunt your dreams for months without doing any real harm? Besides, it's only a dream. Nothing has ever appeared to you while you're awake, not even to whisper in your ear or try to frighten you by knocking books off a desk. Dr. Thewliss isn't asking about imagined monsters. The College isn't interested in nightmares, only in real daemons and those who are serious about fighting them. Telling the old man about what you’ve dreamed will likely make him think you a fool, or worse, but you know you must be honest. They are probably nothing, but you can risk some embarrassment to be sure.
> You tell Dr. Thewliss
You take a deep breath. Surely he wouldn't ask unless he wanted to know if there was even the possibility that you'd encountered a daemon. Besides, if it really is more than a dream, maybe Dr. Thewliss or another professor can help. They'll certainly be able to do more than you can alone. "I'm not sure, sir. I've had recurring dreams, strange visions that seem as vivid as real life but then disappear when I wake up."


Dr. Thewliss looks at you with some concern. "What happens in these dreams? Have you seen a spirit? I take it from your reaction that they are not pleasant."


"Very pleasant at first, sir, but then horrible. It's a woman, or something like a woman at any rate. She has great silver wings, and she..." You stop, a little embarrassed.


"She what? Kisses you? That would be most common." You nod and he continues. "Her lips, describe them. Their appearance, their taste. Tell me everything you can remember."


Feeling a little foolish, you explain what you can recall. It's difficult, but you manage to get everything important across. Dark lips, the sweet tastes that turn foul, the sensation of insects. Dr. Thewliss nods at each word. "In the course of your studies, have you encountered the phrase concupiscent nocurnae?" You shake your head. "I'm not surprised, it is fairly technical. Perhaps you have heard the common name- a succubus?"


Your blood runs cold. Yes, you have heard of the dreaded succubus, the terror of men through the ages and in every country, savage or civilized. It is said they come at night and tempt men to unspeakable acts, that their kiss is death and that carnal acts with one brings on a living death far worse than the grave. "But it cannot be a succubus, sir!" you nearly shout. "I'm still alive."


Dr. Thewliss nods. "Quite observant and quite correct, Mr. Latimer. But you have only encountered the daemon, if it truly is one, in a dream. And dreams, though they may have great meaning, are still only dreams. No daemon can harm your body or soul when it appears in a dream, though it may of course corrupt your mind. Now, it may be that this is nothing but a simple nightmare. If not, thank God that the nocturnae has not appeared in the flesh." He sits back and rubs his wrinkled hands together. He looks lost in thought for a moment and then begins to read over your answers. It seems he considers the matter settled.


You, however, cannot let things end there. "But sir, what if it should come while I am awake? I will be lost!"


"Perhaps, Mr. Latimer. But I think you will be more prepared for that possibility soon than you are now." He straightens up and his voice, though still weak, takes on a quivering authority. "On behalf of the faculty, the governors, and the Crown, I am pleased to offer you admission to Covingsford College to study daemonology. Your formal matriculation, should you accept the offer, shall occur at the beginning of the fall term in September. Your answers were exemplary, and nothing you said gave me any reason to hesitate from offering you admission with great enthusiasm. Indeed, given the circumstances, it would be foolish not to admit you. If you truly have been visited by a daemon, it is certainly not by chance."


You look back at the tiny old man for a moment, not quite understanding what he means through the accent and official language. Then it all comes together in one great flash of light- you've done it. You will be a student at the College, and if a succubus really does appear you'll be able to fight it off. Thank God you decided to mention your dreams. Dr. Thewliss beams back down at you and adds, in a final squeak "Welcome!"


You shake the professor's hand and make your way out Dodley Hall's back door into the heart of the College grounds. The morning clouds have broken and the summer heat is fierce. You are full of energy. You want to run, to jump and sing and shout. But this is England, and you are a daemonologist-in-training now, so you content yourself with breathing in the sticky August air and wearing an enormous grin. A few other examinees are hanging around too, most just marveling at the stone buildings and the fact that their hard work and luck has paid off. 


A while later you notice Peter emerge from the examination hall, blinking in the light. He looks even paler and less healthy outside, but his smile is no smaller than yours. "You're in too?" he asks hopefully. You nod. "I had a feeling. Is there a good tavern or something around here? Greek makes me hungry, and Dr. Davies must have asked half his questions in the wretched language. I know it's his subject, but it doesn't make for a very balanced examination."


You are about to set off for the White Boar, a good inn near the marketplace, when Dr. Thewliss emerges from the hall. He sees you and totters over, waving his arms. You notice a few students laughing at the tiny old man. "Mr. Latimer, Mr. Latimer!" He takes a minute to reach you, and when he arrives he nods at Peter before addressing you again. "I fear I was too hasty in dismissing you. For your own safety and from an overabundance of caution, let me invite you back to my office. I may be able to give you some rudimentary protection. Just something to ensure your safety until term begins."


You arrange to meet Peter in the tavern a little later and follow Dr. Thewliss around the College grounds to his office.
> You cannot stop grinning at your good luck.
The professor winds around the College buildings and lawns before finally entering one near the center of the grounds. Like many of his colleagues, Dr. Thewliss lives and works in this ancient stone structure. His office is small but well-used. Books law strewn about the desk and tables in English, Latin, Greek, Hebrew, Arabic, and a number of other languages. He rummages through a chest for a few minutes before pulling out a small object.


"This," he explains, holding it up by the window and waving you closer, "is an ankh. First discovered by the Egyptians, clever fellows, it will give you a little protection from lesser daemons. It's iron too, which cannot hurt."


He hands you the amulet. It's shaped roughly like a cross, only it's topped with a looping ring. You are at a loss for words, so you bow.


Dr. Thewliss laughs, a high and reedy but not unpleasant sound. "There won't be any need for that. It's not such a handsome present, really. Any scrap of iron would do almost as well, nothing daemonic can abide the stuff. Now remember, it isn't very powerful. Just strong enough to spook the nocturnae and make it think again about chasing you, if it's really a nocturnae at all."


"Sir," you ask, "how else can I protect myself from a succubus?"


"You can't expect me to give away all the secrets of our profession today, not before you've even officially enrolled. Succubi are frightening, there's no denying that, but they usually aren't picky about their prey. Nine times out of ten, if you put up the least resistance, it'll leave and find someone easier to tempt. Mind you, it's not easy to find a man who'll put up resistance to a beautiful woman, not when she's as good at seduction as a nocturnae. That's why the ankh will be useful."


You thank Dr. Thewliss for the gift and his advice, but you can't help feeling a little less calm than he seems to be. The professor seems to be treating your dreams as quite real, much more so than you'd anticipated. And if succubi aren't picky, why has this one chosen to haunt your dreams for a year? There isn't anything in particular about you that would attract daemonic attention.


With a head full of questions and the ankh around your neck, you walk to the White Boar to find Peter already on his third pint. Soon you are drunk too, and as the hours go by you forget your concerns. All you remember  from the morning is that you passed the examination.
> You lose track of the time
"Lizzy works at her father's shop. He's Thomas Norrell, a bookseller, and she used to smuggle me out whatever I wanted to read and then return it before he'd notice. When I told her about the College examination she helped me a lot, brought me all sorts of things I needed and even introduced me to her father as 'an aspiring daemonologist.' He's not a bad fellow, but I suppose he didn't like my look, and that made Lizzy quite sad for a while. She's pretty, even when she's sad. Long blond hair, lovely blue eyes, plenty of other...assets." 


You burst out laughing at the gesture Peter makes on that last word. You've talked for a long time, with the ale flowing all throughout. Peter continues his story, and you listen as best you can, but soon you've fallen asleep right at the table, your head resting comfortably in the remains of a pork pie.


You awaken in the morning on a pile of flour sacks with a letter pinned to your shirt. Your head hurts a great deal, but it's better than the nightmares. The note is brief.


My dear Mr. Latimer,


I preemptively accept your most heartfelt thanks for carrying you to your luxurious accommodations. I shall have returned to London by the time you read these words, but I will be back in Covingsford in September for the beginning of term and will look for the man who cannot control his beer and has the charming smug knowledge of a native son of the town. In the meantime, I may be reached at the home of Mr. Geoffrey Clark of Great Suffolk Street, Southwark.


Your humble and most obedient servant,


Peter Aubrey


You fold the letter and put it in your pocket. The barmen gives you a smirk as you leave, and you realize there's still a bit of gravy dried on your face. You wipe it off as you walk back home. It's only then that you realize you never told your father the examination results. Even through the headache you feel nervous. You begin fingering the ankh mechanically, wondering if the iron will protect against his cold glare and disapproval.


"Brother?" calls a voice, interrupting your worrying. You turn and see Charles striding up the road, his cloak and coat flecked with mud from the road. "Has Father told you of the difficulties?" You shake your head. It's been weeks since you've seen him, but Charles is not interested in catching up. "Let me speak to him first, then. I'll get to the heart of the matter. it can hardly be as dire as his letter suggested, even if it's all true. Stability is the cornerstone of success in business, Father taught me that, and I won't forget it now."


You follow him home, and your brother explains what he knows of the family's troubles. It seems that a string of bad luck hit several of your father's ventures. Some mines have run empty, and the American rebels have burned and looted a great deal of British property across the colonies. You tell Charles that you were admitted to the College. "Well done," he says, and then goes back to explaining the financial woes.
> You he goes to the study as soon as you get home
You stand at the foot of the staircase, trying to catch something of their conversation but to no avail. Giving up, you decide that some water would be the best thing for your headache.


You find Mrs. Littlethwaite and one of the serving girls in the dining room. The latter is sweeping, but apparently it's not to the old woman's liking. "For heaven's sake girl, give me that broom! You've got to push the dirt, not send it flying. Like this." When she sees you she nearly drops the broom. "Oh dear, you don't look well at all. Come here and let's find you something to drink."


Tottering over, she tries to help you to a chair. "There there, you can always take the examination again next year."


Smiling, you correct her. "I won't need to, Mrs. Littlethwaite. I passed. This is just what comes of celebrating afterwards."


She gives you a little swat on the side. "You shouldn't play such jokes on an old woman! If your mother could see you now, how proud she'd be. Oh, I'm so proud I could burst and I'm only a cook!" Her eyes tear up, so you make her take the chair next to you. You stay there, telling her about the examination, Dr. Thewliss, and Peter, though of course you don't mention anything about your dreams.


Charles stays in the study until tea time. "Well, I was right that things aren't as hopeless as Father first thought. But between the Americans, the mines, and some other ill-fated investments, we don't have much capital on hand, much less than we ought. I'll return to London tomorrow, and he may come along. We should be able to find sterling enough to cover our debts until this black clouds breaks. We just need to keep our wits about us." He gulps down a quick cup of tea and adds "I told Father that you passed the examination, so there's no need for you to disturb him. Now, I need to walk and think."


Turning just before he reaches the door, you brother regards you for a moment. "It really would be best not to disturb our father today. As I said, he's calmed considerably now, but anything might set him off again. He's never been like this, not that I can remember, except perhaps...well, except when Mother died. Your birth. Good day, brother." And, with a stiff bow, Charles departs.


You certainly won't go to your father's study after a warning like that, not that there was much chance of it before. Charles comes back in the evening but goes straight upstairs. He leaves the next day before you wake up, and your father follows in the afternoon. "Make inquiries about tuition and fees," he instructs you coldly, leaving you at home with only the servants and your dreams. You squeeze the ankh, hoping it will at least take care of the latter problem.
> You things slowly quiet down...
Your father and brother remain in London for most of the next few weeks, but the latter sends a handful of brief letters that make it clear the family isn't going to fall into complete ruin. When he comes back near the beginning of September, he says the same thing in person.


Of course, changes must be made, and one of the serving girls is sent packing. Charles tells you they might send Simon away too, since your father does not often host guests and a family hardly needs a butler to manage things when they have only two other servants, but nothing has been decided yet.


Meanwhile, you've spent the intervening days exchanging letters with Peter and reading anything you could find on succubi. There isn't much in the books you've collected, and you can't access the College's library until the term starts. What you've found hasn't made you any less anxious, but at least the dreams have stayed away. Maybe the ankh is working, or maybe it really was just the stress of the entrance examination. In any case, it's the longest you've gone without a nightmare since they started.


You learned the College tuition is steep, but not terribly so, and informed your father of the cost by letter. He has not responded, and the few times he's been in Covingsford has barely said a word. There is something a little shameful, you cannot help but feel, in spending so much on your studies while the family is in somewhat dire straits, and despite all your anticipation, you nearly tell your father you've changed your mind. You always beat back these vague feelings of guilt, but you remain quite sure that your father feels the same way, though he has not shown it.


Some madness has caused you to use his study as your main reading room, perhaps because it is not quite as hot as your bedroom. Simon raised an eyebrow the first time he saw you enter, but, dour gentleman that he is, has not said a word. There is something reassuring about being able to glance up at your mother's face whenever you read some new and terrifying fact about succubi or daemons in general. You wonder if the portrait did as much good for your father when he got the wretched news about the family's fortunes.


With only one serving girl, Mrs. Littlethwaite has been working a good deal harder to keep the house impeccable. You tried telling her it was alright, that there was no need to dust rooms no one sleeps in, but she wouldn't hear it.


As luck would have it, your father returns the evening of September 1st. The first day of term is in the morning. His presence sends Mrs. Littlethwaite scurrying out of the dining room- you had taken to eating all your meals with her in his absence. He stares for a moment. "You are to begin tomorrow. Your letter did not contain the cost of accommodations at the College."


"I had thought I would lodge here, sir. There's no need to spend..."


"There is every need," he interrupts. "Propriety insists things be done in the established way, and in any case, the cost of a room in their dormitory will not break this family. I will not have it be said that my son had to live in his childhood bedroom because his father had lost all the family's wealth. You will make arrangements for a room after your matriculation tomorrow and send the cost by letter. There will be no need for you to return until Christmas." He turns and walks upstairs, and the familiar feeling of guilt returns.


A moment later Mrs. Littlethwaite creeps from the kitchen. "It seems I won't be seeing you for some time," you say.


She glances at the staircase and frowns, though she catches herself after a second. "I shan't be going anywhere, dear. Now, you go off and learn everything you can, and don't spend a minute thinking of me." You shake your head and she gives you a quick, tight hug.


You spend the next few hours packing everything you'll need. Clothes, books, it's all very ordinary. Very little to suggest you'll be learning to combat dark powers. When you're finished you try to sleep, but you lay awake, thinking of tomorrow, wondering what the future will bring, and arguing with yourself about what you ought to do. Time slides by and you aren't growing any more tired.
> You go for a walk
Covingsford is mostly deserted at this time of night. It's warm and the air is sticky. You set off in a different direction than usual, away from the College's Iron Gates and out of town. Soon you are walking through fields full of fat wheat, the moon big and bright above. In the distance there is a peasant's cottage, but for now you are quite alone.


Or perhaps not. Something makes a sound like wind behind you, but the thick air does not move. You turn but see nothing. A few minutes later it happens again, and when you look there is still nothing there. When you hear the noise a third time, you spin as fast as you can, and there she stands, her face just inches from your own.


It is the woman from your dreams. Her eyes are bright, brighter than any eyes you've seen before, but her lips are darker than the night. Her face is more beautiful in person than you could ever have imagined, a pale, unearthly beauty. Mindlessly you move slowly forward until your lips have almost touched hers and your arms are almost caressing her soft skin.


She takes a step back, and you regain a little of your senses. She is a succubus, there can be no doubt. There was something you were supposed to do if she ever really came, what was it? Something that would make her go away. 


The she speaks, and everything else disappears. Her voice is deep, sultry, and feminine, and you stumble closer even as she keeps backing up. Somewhere in the back of your mind you notice she isn't smiling, but you can't seem to care. "You're weaker than I expected, and what's that around your neck? Such a nasty thing for a nice boy like you to wear. Would you stop coming nearer, I'm trying to speak to you. I said stop." She says the last word with complete authority and you freeze, still staring into her eyes.


"That's better. Now I want you to think very hard, I know you're clever. I am going to give you a choice, and I'm sure you'll want to make the choice that will make me happy. You want me to be happy, don't you?" You nod stupidly. "Such a clever boy. You're going to the College in the morning, aren't ypu? Such a waste of your talents. I could teach you more, show you more. Let you feel much more." She grabs your hand in her own and places it on her chest, then pulls you close. 


Wrapping her body around yours, she whispers in your ear, careful never to touch her lips to your skin. "Come with me now, and I will make this night the first time you have truly lived."


You stand, her heat spreading into your body. You can feel her breath on your neck, and the only thing you can think is that she wants you, and you want her. You need her.
> You give in
"Yes. Yes. Yes," you gasp.


She looks at you for a second and then laughs. There is no humor or joy in the sound, but you don't notice that. Her vast wings extend and, holding you close, she takes off into the dark sky.


Time passes. You cannot tell how much, but eventually you land in a misty old church yard, the stones covered in black lichen. The moon is gone, and there are no stars above, but you don't notice that.


Bodies intertwined, you fall to the soft grass. The ground is littered with bones, and the gravestones have been defaced with foul symbols and curses in heathen tongues. You don't notice.


Instead, you spend several pleasurable minutes exploring the body of your new companion. She is so pale she seems to glow just slightly in the night, and that and the dim light of the mist are all to see by. You don't mind much, as your other senses have more than enough to occupy them. You don't even notice when she sinks her teeth into the gold chain you wear around your neck, snapping it effortlessly and letting the little ankh fall useless among the bones.


Eventually she pushes you away. Her eyes shine brighter than before and, if you cared to look, you might have seen the tears on her perfect, porcelain cheeks. "I thought you were something more," she says, her voice emotionless. "But I suppose this is reasonably diverting too." She presses her lips against yours, and then the agony begins. The insects and maggots crawling down your throat, sour wine and sickening rotten flavors compete to make you gag and choke. But you do not die.


She pulls her lips away and the horror recedes, but when she takes you inside her it comes back worse than before. You forget the taste of sweet berries and wine, you forget the feeling of the summer sun and the wind on your face. You forget your name. The pain is everywhere, and you are very cold.
> You centuries pass...
You are always cold, but as your body rots away the pain grows less and less. The sensation of maggots and rot no longer sickens you. Of course, it is debatable whether you truly exist to be sickened, but that is a matter for philosophers and theologians. All you truly know is that every so often She brings someone else to this place, someone warm, and that sometimes She sends you to terrorize some other warm people.


Perhaps someday your bones will finally disintegrate and you will be free. Daemonologists have discussed the question of whether a succubus's slave is freed once his mortal body is nothing but dust, or if he is burned completely by fire, or any number of other possibilities, but they have not come to any certain conclusions. There is hope, but only a very little.


You are less than dead.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Covingsford is mostly deserted at this time of night. It's warm and the air is sticky. You set off in a different direction than usual, away from the College's Iron Gates and out of town. Soon you are walking through fields full of fat wheat, the moon big and bright above. In the distance there is a peasant's cottage, but for now you are quite alone.


Or perhaps not. Something makes a sound like wind behind you, but the thick air does not move. You turn but see nothing. A few minutes later it happens again, and when you look there is still nothing there. When you hear the noise a third time, you spin as fast as you can, and there she stands, her face just inches from your own.


It is the woman from your dreams. Her eyes are bright, brighter than any eyes you've seen before, but her lips are darker than the night. Her face is more beautiful in person than you could ever have imagined, a pale, unearthly beauty. Mindlessly you move slowly forward until your lips have almost touched hers and your arms are almost caressing her soft skin.


She takes a step back, and you regain a little of your senses. She is a succubus, there can be no doubt. There was something you were supposed to do if she ever really came, what was it? Something that would make her go away. 


The she speaks, and everything else disappears. Her voice is deep, sultry, and feminine, and you stumble closer even as she keeps backing up. Somewhere in the back of your mind you notice she isn't smiling, but you can't seem to care. "You're weaker than I expected, and what's that around your neck? Such a nasty thing for a nice boy like you to wear. Would you stop coming nearer, I'm trying to speak to you. I said stop." She says the last word with complete authority and you freeze, still staring into her eyes.


"That's better. Now I want you to think very hard, I know you're clever. I am going to give you a choice, and I'm sure you'll want to make the choice that will make me happy. You want me to be happy, don't you?" You nod stupidly. "Such a clever boy. You're going to the College in the morning, aren't ypu? Such a waste of your talents. I could teach you more, show you more. Let you feel much more." She grabs your hand in her own and places it on her chest, then pulls you close. 


Wrapping her body around yours, she whispers in your ear, careful never to touch her lips to your skin. "Come with me now, and I will make this night the first time you have truly lived."


You stand, her heat spreading into your body. You can feel her breath on your neck, and the only thing you can think is that she wants you, and you want her. You need her.
> You resist
You feel something grazing your neck as she rubs against you. What is it? With all your strength you force yourself to glance down, away from her face and towards the ankh.


The ankh! It fills you with energy and clears your mind, and when you pull it from its chain the succubus hisses and draws back. She is still very beautiful, but you see for the first time how peculiarly inhuman she is. It is hard to describe, but her beauty is not of this world, not of your kind. Still, it takes all your focus to brandish the amulet before her. All at once Dr. Thewliss's ancient face appears in your mind, and you seize on it. Anything to distract from the spirit that stands before you, her eyes brighter than the moon.


Suddenly her face breaks into a smile and your heart nearly stops. "I knew I was not mistaken. You are strong as well as clever, and it pains me that I will not taste you, not tonight. That pitiful bit of iron could never keep me away, but I can tame my hunger for a while."


"Who are you? Why have you appeared to me?" you managed to say.


She cocks her head. "Patience, young one. Go to the College, listen to those professors about how vile and dangerous spirits are, and remember that this night I let you live." She purrs. "Let you live, but marked you as mine."


Leaning forward, her body bending deliciously, she pushes your arm away and plants a kiss upon your cheek before you can react. It burns and then grows cold. The succubus licks her lips and you nearly drop the ankh in spite of all that's happened. Meeting your gaze, she nods, unfurls her vast wings, and sets off into the night.


As she flies away, you hear the sultry voice. "Remember, you belong to me."
> You return to your bed
You walk slowly back to town. The night feels much colder and emptier, though you're sure the temperature hasn't dropped. The familiar surrounding help dull the fear which has taken hold, but it isn't enough to keep you from thinking about what just occured and about the future. There are so many questions, and you can't do anything except wait. Perhaps Dr. Thewliss or another professor might know why the succubus would leave you alive, why she would claim you as her own. Or maybe you'll have to wait until she reappears.


When you reach your room you light a candle and hold it to the mirror. On your cheek is a rose, blood red and shimmering with the flame. The skin is smooth, like some heathenish tattoo, and it feels perfectly normal. You think of your father will say when he sees it and laugh. A little of the terror fades away, and you climb into bed.


Your sleep is dreamless and you wake with the dawn. You dress quickly and swing the satchel with a few essentials onto your back. You'll send someone back in the afternoon for the trunk. Your father's study door is shut, but you can hear his quill scribbling away as you descend the stairs. Mrs. Littlethwaite must still be asleep in her room, you won't wake her. The house is always quiet, but in the early morning the silence is peaceful and pleasant, not the oppressive stillness of your father's disinterested stare.


In a few minutes you are at the College. The great, ceremonial Iron Gates are shut, and you head inside the grounds through the smaller wooden door a few yards down. Dr. Coghill, the bald man you remember from examination day, stands directing new students. His eyes linger for a moment on your cheek but he doesn't break his rhythm. "Proceed to Dodley Hall to formally enroll and register for your lectures. Lodgings in the dormitory may be procured in Cowper Hall. The matriculation ceremony will take place in the Chapel at 5 this evening. Proceed to Dodley Hall to formally enroll..."


You follow his instructions. The grounds are crowded with new students, professors, and clerks, and everyone appears to be in a great hurry. The hall is crowded, though not nearly as much as during the examination. A row of clerks sit in the antechamber and you join the line to speak to one. You see a few others pointing to your face and whispering, but you ignore it. Soon it is your turn, and you give the waiting clerk your name. He prints it on a contract and you sign. It's not very exciting, but that signature makes you an official student and, you suppose, a daemonologist-in-training.


He sends you to another room, and inside you find yet another clerk. "Name?" he asks, and you sign another contract, this one clarifying that your program of study will last three years and will result in the awarding of a Bachelor of Arts degree in Daemonological Studies. He also gives you the list of first year lectures. The curriculum is entirely standardized for new students- Hebrew, mathematics, introductions to practical metaphysics and the history of daemonology, and a Practicum. You ask who teaches the courses; Dr. Thewliss will take your history class, but the rest are all with professors you've never heard of.


Leaving Dodley Hall, you wander around the grounds for a while and end up in the library. Perhaps you can find something to explain what the succubus' mark means and if there's any way to remove it. You can hear shouting through the huge wooden doors, and when you open them you find two professors, one tall and strong and the other stooped over, though he is not old.


"And so I say again, damn you!" yells the stooped one. The door slams shut behind you, and they both stop the argument to stare.
> You bow and try to pass by
The strong one grabs your arm. "Where do you think you're going?" he barks.


You try to explain that you're a new student, but he isn't listening. "No room for your kind here, not if I have anything to say about it. What stupid spirit thought you'd be allowed to wander in unopposed? No matter, we'll soon get to the bottom of this." He pulls you aside, but the stooped professor grabs your other arm surpringly hard.


"You have no right to deny entrance to the library to a student, Bullock. No more than you have the right to steal my property!"


Bullock one lets go and roars "For the last time, fool, I took nothing! I will not permit you to shield this, this slave from my inquiries."


"Inquiries are well and good, Bullock, but even you will admit my expertise is more relevant here than yours." He turns to you. "Go down that corridor and wait in the study at the end. I will join you there in a minute, once I finish with him." You scramble to follow the stooped man's instructions. You hear he and Bullock continue to shout about theft, but the strong man does not stop you from going. You distinctly catch the phrase "stain on the honor of the entire daemonological profession."


The study is small and shabby, with old quills and bits of paper scattered about, but the stooped man joins you almost immediately. He takes a few deep breaths before beginning. "Bullock," he says apologetically, "is a wretched man and a damned thief, but he is the best mathematician in England. He could have expelled you in an instant, so it's luck for you I was there. He may be Vice-Chancellor, but he doesn't have my power and he knows it. Now tell me exactly why you wear a daemonic insignia and which spirit has so marked your face."


Seeing no alternative and hoping for answers, you tell him everything. The dreams, the ankh, the encounter last night. He swears several times but shakes your hand at the end of your story. "To resist a succubus, even with the aid of the ankh, shows no little power. You will do well in my practical metaphysics class." He introduces himself as Dr. Hopkins and then grins. "And it takes a special man to attract that kind of attention from a nocturnae. The ladies of Covingsford had better look out, eh?"


The professor is certainly flippant about everything. "Sir, am I in danger? What does the rose mean?"


"You aren't in any immediate danger, not from the rose at least. It's her insignia, her mark of ownership. Bullock was right that it can mean you've become her slave, but even a minute's conversation proves you aren't possessed or entranced. I'd guess it's meant as a warning to humans and other daemons to let you alone. She's taken a fancy to you for whatever reason and doesn't want anything to harm you. But it won't do anything on it's own, it's just a mark." He laughs. "Rather embarrassing though, for those of us who know the whole story. As for the succubus, I wouldn't worry too much. If you resisted her once, her aura should be easier to fight off in the future. If she wanted you dead or enslaved, she would have done so last night. Spirits, especially succubi, can be strange creatures. There's no telling why she's toying with you like this. Not much point in speculating."


That's rather easy for him to say. You bid the professor good-bye and wander out of the library. Perhaps you ought to research more, but for some reason you don't want any more information about the daemon that's chosen you right now.
> You time passes...
The rest of the day is a blur. With your mind fixed on the events of last night and the succubus, you are only dimly aware of booking lodgings in the dormitory. It is not particularly comfortable, but you will have your own small room, complete with a bed, a desk, and a bookshelf. You pay a clerk a few pennies to fetch your trunk from home, then eat a mediocre meal at another tavern.


The afternoon passes quickly. You meet many new students but none are very memorable. Most, like yourself, are the sons of merchants, a few of the lesser nobility. Everyone's eyes linger on your mark, but thankfully everyone is too nervous and far too English to ask any questions. The matriculation ceremony is long and dull, full of speeches on the honors and solemn responsibilities of students of the College. Glancing down the line of professors, you notice all those you have met before- little Dr. Thewliss, Chancellor Fogg with his long beard, Dr. Coghill and Dr. Ffoukes from your examinations, strong, scowling Dr. Bullock, and the stooped Dr. Hopkins. Hopkins meets your gaze just when you look at him and grins. The speaker, a professor you don't recognize, continues droning on about the sacred duties to the Church and Crown, and Hopkins rolls his eyes.


There are at least twenty more professors, ranging from ancient men even more shrivelled than Thewliss to an enormous, red-faced man who sits, his face expressionless, at the end of the row. Dr. Fogg takes the podium to administer the oath, and the entire class rises to their feet, perhaps two hundred students.


You repeat the words after the Chancellor, and even your anxiety over the succubus can't entirely keep your heart from swelling with pride. 


On my sacred honor, I swear solemn obedience to God, to His Majesty the King, and to the Professors and Governors of this College. I renounce the works of the Devil and of all his host, and I pledge to spend my life in unceasing study, prayer, and struggle against their pernicious war on the human race.


The ceremony finished, you follow the mass of students out of the hall and into the faint evening light. Groups disperse for various inns, and you join one headed for the White Boar. Everyone chatters excitedly about the classes, which begin tomorrow, and soon you hear someone running to catch up. It is Peter, who shakes your hand. "I looked for you all day," he says, "but without luck." His clothes are threadbare, and you realize they are the same he wore weeks ago to the examinations. His face is still sallow, but he is grinning. His eyes flicker to your cheek, and you shrug.


The Boar is full of students, and soon everyone is drunk and merry. The ale helps loosen your tongue, and you tell Peter about your dreams and, eventually, about the visit last night. He whistles. "It's a good thing you're here, I suppose. No better place to hide from a succubus. Still," he says leaning in close, "how did she..."


"Look?" you supply. "Quite lovely, to be honest, and she felt quite lovely too." You must be very drunk indeed to be speaking so brazenly, but what matters is that you no longer feel so scared of the future.
> You classes begin the next day
The first year schedule is almost entirely standardized. Only the Practicum, where you will learn the rudiments of actual combat with daemons, varies; different professors naturally have different approaches to the subject. Today you have Hebrew, history of daemonology with Dr. Thewliss, and mathematics with Dr. Bullock.


Hebrew is not terribly exciting. The professor, Dr. Faber, is a German, and his English is difficult to understand, let alone his Hebrew.


"Ve are here to study ze most ancient and sacred of ze many ancient and sacred tongues of ze vorld. Ze Hebrew language is complex and I haff no doubt zat many of you vill never master it. Nonezeless, it is my duty to instruct you in ze essentials. Now, ze Hebrew alphabet has 22 letters..."


The hour passes slowly. Faber assigns a great deal of reading for the next class, and the students file out groaning. He holds you back and points a bony finger at your cheek. "Zat is ze mark of a succubus, a nocturnae." You nod. "Zat is quite a mark. How is it zat someone so young vould haff such a mark?"


It seems that you will eventually have to tell everyone at the College. You give Faber an abbreviated version of the past few months. He seems satisfied, particularly with the ankh. "Dr. Thewliss is a good man and clever, much more experienced with zese sorts of things zan I. If he believes zat talisman vill protect you, zen he is right. But let me give you some advice, Latimer. You vere right not to trust ze succubus. If she returns, do not listen to her, no matter vat she says. Ze are tricky creatures, daemons and vomen both. A daemon in a voman's form, zat vould be ze trickiest creature of all, eh? So you must be strong. You are a young man, but you must resist ze urges." He looks at you with some pity. Suitable advised, you give an awkard bow and leave the room.


Dr. Thewliss sits in an enormous, plushy armchair at the front of the history of daemonology class. You notice Peter sitting near the window and take a seat beside him. Thewliss begins his lecture, still resting comfortably, without much preamble, launching directly into the earliest known appearances of daemons to the ancient Hebrews, Assyrians, and Chinese. It is not thrilling, but you manage to stay awake.


When the hour ends, you approach the chair. Peter hangs back too. "It seems your succubus has come in the flesh, Latimer," Thewliss chirps. "And you are still alive, and hardly worse for the experience. I congratulate you." You fill him in on the details, and he looks puzzled. "Quite strange. Daemons, especially the nocturnae, play these sorts of games from time to time, but only if their target is someone of particular importance or strength. Not to make any assumptions about you, my boy, but young men are hardly known for their resistance to temptation. It would seem unnecessary for her to take such steps, if your soul was all she was after."


"So you think she's trying to get my defenses down, to trick me somehow? She did leave me alive, and she said the ankh was no protection. Perhaps her motivations..." You trail off, not quite sure how to phrase the idea that's come into your head.


"Are not quite evil? No, unfortunately not. Daemons may be confusing, they may seem ambiguous, they may even seem friendly, but they are evil by nature and they always seek the damnation of mankind. It may be that she has some infernal plan, and she hopes to use you somehow to cause greater wickedness. I cannot say for sure. Still, the fact that you resisted her once is very good to hear. Keep the ankh, keep learning everything you can, and keep me informed."


You and Peter depart, and he tries to distract you with other conversation, but you mind is still on what Faber and Thewliss had to say. It is strange, but you don't feel as frightened as you did before, though both professors warned you about the succubus. They were not there, though, when she actually appeared, when she spared your life. You remember Dr. Hopkins' words "If she wanted you dead or enslaved, she would have done so." The more you think, the more likely that seems. But is her plan to cause some greater evil, or is it something else entirely? You suppose you'll find out eventually.
> You mathematics is next
It is the only class you're dreading, and Dr. Bullock proves your fears right as soon as you walk through the door. "You!" he barks. "You will sit here, where I can keep an eye on you." He points to a desk directly in front of his podium. He glowers at you throughout the lecture, which is a spectacularly confusing introduction to the magical properties of certain trigonometric ratios and equations. Bullock may be a genius, but he must assume his students are too, since he speaks so quickly that you can barely catch the jargon.


The hour finally comes to an end, and after assigning a list of formulas to memorize and several chapters to read, you attempt to leave with everyone else. Bullock stalks to the door and grabs your arm. "Wait." Peter stares at him, his eyes shining with that strange metallic glare you remember from examination day, but you tell him to go.


It takes a moment for the room to clear. Bullock examines the rose on your cheek again and scowls. "I know they are wrong. Hopkins, Thewliss, whoever else you've managed to trick. I know you've fallen under some daemon's spell, and I want you to tell me what kind of spirit it is." You start to protest and he shouts you down. "Silence! Just because you are not a mindless slave does not mean your mind is free from daemonic influence." He takes a few deeps breaths and says, forcing his voice to stay calm, "I cannot help free you if you do not tell me what has happened."


He repeat your story for what feels like the hundredth time, and Bullock finally lets you finish. You do not, of course, mention your suspicion that the succubus might not be entirely evil. "Better than I expected but worse than I hoped. You are clearly enraptured with the nocturae, if not already in league with her. She will twist you around her little finger, use you for some infernal purpose, and then consume you. Pleasurable as that may be, it would mean the damnation of your immortal soul, and I am sworn to prevent that fate from befalling anyone, even impudent young wretches. I urge you, if she comes again, to tell me at once. I am Vice Chancellor, and it is my duty to defend the College from her enemies. If you do not, then I will likely have no choice but to destroy you along side your mistress." 


On that note, he turns and leaves the room, and you follow. You remember that Dr. Hopkins said Bullock had little real power against daemons, no matter how brilliant of a mathematician he might be. Even if you had any inclination to follow his command, what could be do against a succubus?


The next day you have your Practicum and practical metaphysics with Dr. Hopkins. The former class generated a lot of excitement among the new students, but when you arrive it seems no more interesting than the others. The professor, a clean-shaven, middle-aged man called Dr. Young, explains blandly that it will be some months before you will have learned enough to fight even the weakest daemons. Until then, the class will consist of theory.


"McConnell recommends silver against the rakshas of India for, as he says 'they differ not in essential properties from the more familiar malevolent daemons of Europe,' but Reynolds argues for a poultice of wormwood and lavender. Nicholson, of course, disagrees with both and holds that the prayer recorded in  Bede's Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum is effective. Yaxley concurs in part, but adds that a a fox's tail, collected during a new moon, may add to the efficacy..."


You manage to keep mostly accurate notes, but you're pleased when the hour ends and you go to practical metaphysics. Even better, Dr. Young says nothing about your mark. In fact, you aren't sure he even noticed it.


Dr. Hopkins paces back and forth in front of his class. He nods when you and Peter enter. The lecture is fascinating, both because the subject is more interesting than mathematics or Hebrew and because Hopkins, unlike most of the others, seems to care whether his students fall asleep. He tells you that daemons are classified according to which of the deadly sins they make their chief weapon- pride, envy, and so on. He mentions succubi under lust and catches your eye. "Daemons of lust can, of course, make for an entertaining evening, but they rarely make good wives for Christian men. Not that I need to tell some members of our class."


The class chuckles and you join in. It is hard to be too worried, even about a daemon, when someone like Hopkins takes everything so genially. After class you mention your notion to him that the succubus might not be entirely evil. He shrugs. "Perhaps she is and perhaps she isn't. There is still so much we do not know about spirits, and I am more cautious than some of my colleagues in assuming them to be purely vile. I almost wish I was in your shoes, but alas, I am married, and to a good Christian woman." He laughs again.
> You that evening
You talk everything over with Peter in the tavern, where you learn he has found cheaper lodgings than in the dormitory. You are somewhat surprised to find that he agrees that the succubus might not be evil. Or, as he puts it, "she might be evil, but that does not mean that her designs are evil where you are concerned." Still, you come to no certain conclusions, and you only hope that she does not come again until you have learned more.


Of course, such a hope is tempting fate, and that night you are awoken by something like the wind rushing against your window. By the time you blink away your drowsiness, she stands beside the bed, her arm extended. She traces a finger up your leg and side and to your neck, which she caresses for a few moments in silence. You stare at her face, which wears a small smile, and at her body. A sliver of moonlight shines upon it, and you become aware of an ache deep within yourself as your eyes move across her soft curves.


She notices your gaze and her smile widens. You are dimly aware of her teeth, gleaming white and very sharp, and idly you wonder what they would feel like if you kissed her. Her voice cuts through the haze, deep and feminine. "There is an ankh around your neck. Look at it." You obey, of course, and your mind clears enough for you to squeeze the iron. Of course, now that you can think a little more, the fear rushes in.


"I already told you, that little thing would not protect you if I did not wish to spare your life. Pathetic, really, how little your professors care about your wellbeing. That's truly all they gave you, all the help they could spare, even after I claimed you as my own?"


Your voice is weak, but the more you talk the stronger it grows. "They seemed to think my willpower was enough to resist the temptation. I am not afraid," you lie. "I know you do not wish me dead, since I am still alive..."


As you speak, the succubus has been climbing onto your bed. She straddles your waist, just as in the dreams, and rubs her soft body against yours. Her eyes have a strange innocence, or perhaps that is only another tool of seduction. Either way, it is working, and you let out a soft groan. She bends towards you and whispers "Your will is strong, but you are very afraid."


It is too much. You reach for her suddenly, but she leaps back to her feet with a laugh. "None of that. Now, focus on my words for a minute. You are right that if I wanted you dead, you would be already. But why would I want to kill you, when you are such a delicious young man?"


"Why? Why have you claimed me?"


"No questions," she purrs, putting a finger to your lips. "I just wanted to stop by for a moment, just wanted to make sure you remembered who you belong to. I don't have time to explain everything, and I quite like to keep you in the dark. Things are so much more intoxicating in the dark, don't you agree?" She pulls her hand away from your face and and begins caressing a different part of your anatomy.


"Keep learning, my young one. It may be some time before I visit you again, there is much that I must do. Think of me." She smirks. "As if you could help it. Remember, you are mine. You are Seria's."
> You time passes...
You dream of pale, beautiful women with dark lips, and you wake feeling warm and happy. That's twice you've survived an encounter with Seria, so perhaps you were right to think she does not wish you any immediate harm. You inform most of your professors of the visit, and their reactions are about as you had expected.


Dr. Faber regards you, his bushy eyebrows twitching as you bumble your way through the story, trying to avoid mention of the most embarrassing details. "Ze succubus is playing vith you, zat is certain. But vhy I cannot say."


Dr. Thewliss promises to bring you better protection, which turns out to be a slightly larger ankh, this one set with some dull green stones and covered in tiny Hebrew inscriptions. Supposedly it will keep Seria from laying hands on you at all. If it works, you think guiltily, it would be quite a shame.


Dr. Bullock rants at you for a few minutes and says you deserve expulsion, but it seems he doesn't care enough to actually do the deed, or perhaps he wants to keep you around to keep an eye on you. He certainly seems to fear Seria though. If he's to be believed, you're teetering on the edge of death and eternal damnation just by speaking to her. When you ask his advice, he only shouts a bit more and asks why you decided to attract her in the first place. That question, of course, has been on your mind too.


Dr. Hopkins simply laughs and laughs. "You say she climbed onto your bed and purred? And the first thing you do is come and tell the story to me? In God's name, man, I do believe you're actually mad!" You smile a bit, but his total lack of concern is itself a little concerning. He must have figured out what you're thinking, as he adds "I truly do not think there's reason to be concerned, my boy. Yes, a succubus has taken quite an interest in you, but you're still living and breathing. Better than most poor fools could say if they were in your shoes. Think of it as a learning opportunity."


For whatever reason, you cannot bring yourself to mention Seria's name to any of your professions, not even genial Hopkins. Names are powerful things, and though she never told you not to reveal hers, it seems a kind of betrayal. You realize this is absurd, not only because she is a daemon but because you've told them everything else, but you keep it secret. Perhaps in some small way, you reflect, the succubus is yours, just as the rose marks you as hers.


Mornings follow mornings and nights follow nights. You have taken to sleeping with both ankhs, and maybe for the best, as you have neither dreams nor visits from Seria. After all the excitement of the start of the semester, you are glad things have begun to quiet down. You can focus on your classes, on learning Hebrew and higher mathematics, on memorizing the classifications of daemons and the damage they wrought to Egypt and Atlantis. Your little dormitory room soon fills with books on many subjects and papers covered in lecture notes, in geometric sketches, and in questions that you think of as you read and don't want to forget. When you learn a little about herbs, you start to leave a bowl of lavender and mint beside your bed. Perhaps Seria isn't wholly evil, but you're still eager for any protection you can get.
> You peter is also learning
And, unlike you, he is beginning to develop a reputation for particular brilliance. He excels in everything but Hebrew, but then again, no one is learning that language at more than a snail's pace. Even Bullock, friendly to no one, declared his grasp of trigonometry outstanding. You are not falling behind by any means, but you are more likely to be known for the mark on your cheek and your rumored dalliances with a succubus than for any special scholarly aptitude.


You notice the metallic glint in Peter's eye in class sometimes, when he answers a professor or is trying to understand some especially difficult concept. There are a pack of students, mostly sons of the minor nobility, who mock him for his threadbare clothes and appearance, which gets more sickly with each day spent locked inside reading. Their taunts are whispered and they only seem to goad him to greater and greater displays of intelligence.


John Keating is the worst of the lot. Tall and overbearing, he is a baronet's son with a circle of cronies and admirers. Today they are discussing women they have known, and in the lewdest of langauge. Thewliss would put a stop to it, but he is in his armchair in the front of the class and quite unable to hear. "Latimer has bested us all, with a daemon in his bed every night. What about you, Aubrey?" Keating asks with a grin. "Fuck anyone I should keep an eye out for?"


Peter ignores them as best as he can, and when Thewliss asks a question his hand shoots up. "It's the Queen of Sheba, sir, though scholars disagree as to her status as a spirit. Tawney, I believe, maintains that she was a daemon, but Saint Thomas held that she was a human being." Thewliss nods, delighted, and Peter sits up even straighter.


It does not, of course, deter Keating. "Come on, Aubrey, there must have been some girl in all of London who'd fuck a greasy little thing like you, rags or not." When even that gets no reaction, he shrugs and goes back to talking about his own exploits. 


Class ends a few minutes later and you join up with Peter to leave. You're halfway down the hall when Keating catches up, the others not far behind. He grabs Peter's shoulder. "There is a girl, isn't there? Someone told me about her, Lizzy something, with great big tits and hips just made for fucking, eh Aubrey?" For once in his life, Keating is right. You have heard about Lizzy many times and seen Peter read enough letters from her that you can predict what will happen, though you're much to slow to stop it.


Peter swings around and punches Keating in the jaw, the blow sending him to the ground with blood everywhere. With a snarl he tries to rise, and two of his friends arrive, though you see even more coming. Peter manages to knock another down before he quite realizes what's happened, and the third hangs back, surprised at what's happened and keen to wait for reinforcements.
> You pull him away
No amount of rage will let you two win a fight against half a dozen bigger, stronger students, so you grab Peter's arm and drag him down the hall. He resists for a second, eyes glinting, but soon he is running alongside you. You glance back when you come to the door; Keating's friends have made a circle around him, though who knows how long they'll stay.


You run through the grounds without much of a plan and end up at the library. It's as good a place as any, and you head for the main collection. Stack after stack of books and scrolls on rickety shelves give plenty of room to hide, and after twisting through a few corridors you're fairly confident you're safe for the time being. The long-term consquences of the brawl, of course, may be harder to avoid.


You sink to the floor, quite out of breath. Peter is looking at his hand. He flexes his fingers a bit and then laughs. Soon you join in, picturing the way Keating gave a little half spin as he fell. Seems he was rather top-heavy.


A few minutes pass and then a few more, and after about an hour you decide it's safe to emerge. This turns out to be a mistake, as you only step a few feet outside the library when you are met by Keating, sporting a black eye, and Chancellor Fogg himself, looking only mildly interested. His beard hangs down to his waist, and if were wearing robes instead of an ordinary black suit, he would be the precise image of a medieval wizard.


"That's them!" Keating shouts at once, and Fogg cuts him off with a quick movement of his hand.


He steps forward and regards you both through his tiny spectacles. They look almost comical perched on his long nose, but you fight back the urge to laugh. Finally he speaks, quiet and melodious. "Did you attack a fellow student?"


Peter is about to respond, but you're quicker. "I did, but only after severe provocation. He insulted a lady in my presence, and I could hardly..."


Peter, of course, is not going to let you get away with that so easily, and neither is Keating. Both interrupt and try to explain that you were not the one throwing punches. Chancellor Fogg listens politely, even when they begin arguing and shouting over one another despite telling the same story. Eventually he has enough and raises his hand. They both fall silent.


"Latimer and Aubrey, is it? You have both, it seems, violated one of the most important of the rules which govern this College. At issue is far more than a few punches. At issue is nothing less than the entire daemonological profession and, therefore, the safety of the realm. If we allow these kinds of fights when you are students, that might very easily cause grudges that last well into adulthood. That will not do. The daemonologists of Britain and, indeed, of the world must be united in brotherly affection against all dark forces. I will not permit factionalism or rivalries, let alone all-out brawling." The urge to laugh comes back when you think of Bullock and Hopkins, hardly models of brotherly affection, but again you beat it back and adopt a suitably contrite expression.


Fogg continues. "You two will, therefore, spend a little time working for this institution to instill more respect for our sacred duty. Dr. Coghill is moving into different lodgings and will, I believe, require some assistance. He usually finishes his meal around seven- help him carry his things, arrange his books, dust and scrub the place, and the like. Four or five nights should be sufficient." You nod. It won't be the most pleasant way to spend the next few evenings, but it could be far worse.


Keating was clearly hoping for expulsion, but he seems satisfied that you're both receiving punishment. His attitude changes when Fogg informs him that dishonorable comments about a lady are not befitting of a daemonologist, and that he will spend the next two evenings helping the clerks copy old College records. Hopefully he'll be able to see the parchment with his new black eye.
> The evenings go by quickly...
And so do the weeks. Almost before you realize it, it's November. You watch the crowds of schoolboys and farmers burning Guy Fawkes as one old plowman regales them with the story of how the wicked man tried to blow up Parliament with the help of a terrible daemon. 


Speaking of daemons, you haven't has any more visits from Seria, at least not while you're awake. There have been dreams, however, at least half a dozen, and they aren't exactly like the ones you'd grown used to. She appears, pale and beautiful, dark lips and intoxicating scent, and kisses you, but she pulls you from the bed. Usually you just dance for a while to strange, otherworldly music, your hearts beating together, but once she pulled you close, so close you could feel every inch of her body, and then flew off into the night. You woke with a jerk, still seeing England's little lights below and the twinkling stars above.


The news from America is mostly bad, as General Burgoyne surrendered his entire army to the rebels. British victory is assured eventually, of course, but that eventuality is starting to look quite far away. Opinion on the war is divided among the College's students and professors, with more and more favoring a peace. Some even go as far as to support independence, though mostly because they're sure the Americans will come crawling back in a few years when the Indians or Spanish start invading.


The events in America cannot be doing your family's business interests any good, but you haven't heard a word from your father or brother. You have run into Mrs. Littlethwaite several times, first because of a real coincidence and then because you can tell she's rather lonely. She hints that your father has been even busier than usual and that it would be better not to bother him, not that you're very inclined to stop by the house in any event. Still, it's good to see the old woman every now and then, though the conversations always end with tears on her end and ineffectual attempts to comfort her on yours.


Your classes have become more interesting too. Dr. Bullock has moved from ordinary mathematics to more advanced, daemonological studies. The world has come a long way from the simple summoning circles and pentagrams of the Middle Ages, and he instructs you in the complex geometry and calculus needed to interpret these designs. No daemonologist would, of course, ever need to inscribe his own, but often they can give vital clues as to which kind of daemon has been summoned.


You have finally begun to work with real spirits in Dr. Young's Practicum, though the bulk of your time is still spent on theory. About once a week, though, he brings a tiny glass beaker to class, tighly sealed and full of what looks like fog. "A spirit's essence," he explains, "can be distilled and stored like any other fluid. The experience is not pleasant for the spirit in question, although it is doubtful that a mere mite like this is even aware it's happening." Then he carefully pours the essence into a complex silver container lined with little inscriptions.


The daemon transforms slowly back into its prefered form, in this case a red and orange creature not much bigger than an ant. It scurries around and around the container, but there is no way out. You take turns approaching and dropping various substances in- different herbs and minerals mostly. Once or twice Young tells you to use a certain prayer. The mite flees quickly from whatever you place inside, and sometimes the effect is strong enough to make it burst entirely. It was fascinating the first time, but you can't help wishing you could move on to something a little more advanced.
> You eventually you do.
Dr. Young brings a much larger beaker, still full of what looks like fog, but now the substance is a pale orange color. "This is an imp," he says in the same slightly bored tone he always uses. "It should be more of a challenge. Like all daemons more powerful than the mites, it will speak, though of course its persuasive abilities are rather limited."


The silver container is larger too, and it barely fits on the table at the front of the room. The daemon's preferred form is that of a roughly foot-high person, light orange and covered in a series of bumps and ridges. It is really quite hideous. It says something obscene to the first student to walk up who grimaces and dumps a few fistfuls of juniper incense. This seems to scald the imp, which screeches horribly.


You hang back from the table as the others cluster around, trying to decide what you're going to do. Young isn't the most expressive professor, but he does give some freedom in how you deal with each daemon. You suppose he considers this good practice in applying all the theory to the real world. With the mites, of course, this didn't matter much, since they had hardly any power, but the imp might be different.


Perusing from books from the library for something that might explain Seria's behavior or your new dreams, you came across an interesting prayer recorded by a German monk. He claimed to have found it in an old scroll of Cassiodorus, though part of you doubts the authenticity. Still, the Latin makes sense and fits with some of the other prayers you've read, and it's certainly a step beyond anything you've attempted. As far as you can tell, the prayer is to dispel dormant and lesser daemons. Apparently the monk used it to banish an imp which had become trapped in a grave in his cemetery, rattling bones and general frightening the novices. You're fairly sure it would impress even Young, who gives rare praise to students who manage to surprise him.


On the other hand, you could just drop in a simple wooden amulet. It's quite crude, not much more than a wood chip carved with a few Greek words, but you did make it yourself. It probably wouldn't do much damage to the imp, but Young would likely be pleased that it's your own work, if not overly impressed. There's also little chance of it failing to work altogether, which you can't say for the prayer.
> You prayer
By the time you make it up to the front, the imp is glowering and covered in more ugly welts. Small heaps of herbs and metal ingots lie littered around him. He has some foul language for you, mostly about the mark on your cheek, but you just clear your throat and begin the prayer.


"Haec dicit Dominus Deus exercituum quia locuti..." you chant softly. Young steps closer, clearly intrigued. 


The imp is not pleased. He continues swearing and waves his stubby arms, but he is powerless to hurt you. The prayer is long, but Young doesn't seem to mind that you're reading from your notes.


"Segetes tuas et panem tuum devorabit filios tuos..." It's working. The daemon is jumping up and down now and screaming incoherently. You feel the power surging through you like fire, but you just keep chanting. The imp wriggles like he is being boiled alive, and then his skin seems to melt right off his bones.


The prayer is nearly over, but you know you have to finish it to be sure the imp is really gone. His bones burn up into pale orange cinders and then begin to swirl as if caught in a storm. Then they vanish altogether, just as you say the last "saecula saeculorum." You have never felt so alive and full of energy. How different this is from the hours of study and memorization!


If you were not so focused on the prayer, you might have noticed Dr. Young shouting and waving his arms, trying to get you to stop, or you might have seen the other students backing away slowing as your own skin rippled like water. But it is only once you are done that you notice how your skin has blackened, how the fire inside keeps getting hotter and hotter. You try to sputter some words, and you just barely see Young chanting his own prayer, desperately trying to save you, but you cannot hear the words. Soon it is your flesh which melts from the bones and your bones that disintegrate to dust. They swirl for a moment and then vanish.


You are dead.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Dr. Young brings a much larger beaker, still full of what looks like fog, but now the substance is a pale orange color. "This is an imp," he says in the same slightly bored tone he always uses. "It should be more of a challenge. Like all daemons more powerful than the mites, it will speak, though of course its persuasive abilities are rather limited."


The silver container is larger too, and it barely fits on the table at the front of the room. The daemon's preferred form is that of a roughly foot-high person, light orange and covered in a series of bumps and ridges. It is really quite hideous. It says something obscene to the first student to walk up who grimaces and dumps a few fistfuls of juniper incense. This seems to scald the imp, which screeches horribly.


You hang back from the table as the others cluster around, trying to decide what you're going to do. Young isn't the most expressive professor, but he does give some freedom in how you deal with each daemon. You suppose he considers this good practice in applying all the theory to the real world. With the mites, of course, this didn't matter much, since they had hardly any power, but the imp might be different.


Perusing from books from the library for something that might explain Seria's behavior or your new dreams, you came across an interesting prayer recorded by a German monk. He claimed to have found it in an old scroll of Cassiodorus, though part of you doubts the authenticity. Still, the Latin makes sense and fits with some of the other prayers you've read, and it's certainly a step beyond anything you've attempted. As far as you can tell, the prayer is to dispel dormant and lesser daemons. Apparently the monk used it to banish an imp which had become trapped in a grave in his cemetery, rattling bones and general frightening the novices. You're fairly sure it would impress even Young, who gives rare praise to students who manage to surprise him.


On the other hand, you could just drop in a simple wooden amulet. It's quite crude, not much more than a wood chip carved with a few Greek words, but you did make it yourself. It probably wouldn't do much damage to the imp, but Young would likely be pleased that it's your own work, if not overly impressed. There's also little chance of it failing to work altogether, which you can't say for the prayer.
> You amulet
You'll look like a great fool if you chant for minutes with no effect, so you wait your turn patiently. By the time you get to the front, the imp is glowering and covered in more ugly welts. He yells some foul language, mostly about the mark on yor cheek, but you ignore it and drop the amulet in. He leaps aside just a little to slow, and the wood bounces off his shoulder. He howls and screams curses down on you and your entire family, and you watch as another jagged bump formed where the amulet hit.


Dr. Young only nods and watches the last two or three students complete the exercise. When they're finished, he mutters a quick prayer, and the daemon gives one last cry as it bursts into a thousand tiny fragments. In a moment these too vanish. "Well done by all," Young drones. "You will read the next four chapters in Lawrence's Commentary by Wednesday."


You head to practical metaphysics, thinking perhaps you'll try the prayer the next time Young brings in a daemon. Hopkins is pacing back and forth as usual and gives you a wide smile as you enter. You soon realize why- today's lecture is about daemons of lust.


"The most famous of these creatures are the concupiscent nocturnae, better known as succubi, but they are not the only daemons to use lust. Incubi, of course, but also certain genies and Indian spirits. We will speak mostly of succubi since they are most common in Britain, though looking at you lot I can't imagine why any pretty young succubus would be interested."


The class chuckles, and he continues the lecture. It is only an introduction, and mostly things you've learned already from your own research, but you are startled to learn that the kiss of a succubus is not always fatal. Hopkins explains that there are protective charms and talismans which can shield the wearer from the harmful effects of a kiss and even, he implies, from the mindless slavery which normally follows carnal knowledge of a succubus. He does not go into the details, of course, since only a heathen would want to use such a talisman, though he jokingly tells anyone who wants the information to stay after class. At least, you're fairly sure he was joking.


When the hour ends and everyone departs, you find Hopkins wasn't joking after all. "Hold up a moment, Latimer. You might as well stay too, Aubrey, since I hear you have a lovely young woman in London, and they're hardly less dangerous than succubi." Peter grins. Hopkins' gentle teasing is much easier to take than Keatings' insults.


"I am going to show you a simple charm that will, in all likelihood, keep you alive even if you succumb to temptation. That is, of course, if the succubus ever appears again. It is not foolproof, and young men in the company of beautiful women are notorious fools, but it is better than nothing." Sensing your question, Hopkins continues quickly. "This is rather dangerous, and you were not ready until now. Much more dangerous than the ankhs you wear. The other professors do not approve of these kinds of measures, so they would never teach you such a thing. They are pious and upstanding men, and I, of course, am not." The stooped man chuckles at his little joke.


He gives you a paper covered in intricate, looping designs and tells you to copy them on your chest with charcoal. "Every night, preferably, since you don't know when she'll be back and it might be hard to do with her legs already wrapped around your waist."


"Sir," Peter interjects, "these are Celtic, are they not?"


Hopkins slaps him on the back. "Well done, my boy, well done indeed. Yes, it was the sorcerers of Britain who first discovered these charms, though similar measures were known to the Persians and perhaps the Chinese far earlier. The Romans mistrusted them, as did the Anglo-Saxons, and the knowledge lived on only in the farthest wilds of Ireland and the Scottish Isles. As I said, it is dangerous magic, so be careful with the lines, Latimer. Still, you've proven yourself able enough in your classes that I think you can be trusted. I wouldn't tell my colleagues, though. They'll have be thrown out for corrupting young minds with pagan witchcraft."
> You begin that night
It takes some time to get the pattern right, but by the time you get into bed you're confident it's an exact replica of the design Hopkins gave you. You aren't sure, but you suspect that Seria might choose tonight to reappear, and if she does you'll be grateful for the charm's protection. 


But daemons, of course, do not always meet human expectations. You drift off to sleep and wake the next morning without even a dream. You're not exactly disappointed, though each day that passes without a visit makes you a little more curious about what the succubus might be planning.


A week goes by, and each evening you carefully replace the design on your chest. With it, the two ankhs, and your bowl of herbs, you'd feel a little superstitious were it not for the memory of those dark lips and pointed teeth. Yes, her lips, and her perfect porcelain skin, and her eyes, piercing and terrible but more beautiful than any eyes you can remember, and her body, soft and full and delicate, just perfect for...


You shake your head, trying to think of something else. Your mind has been wandering in that direction more and more lately. Perhaps that's why you're half-eager for Seria to return, if only to dispel some of these fantasies. You aren't terribly religious, but even you realize how sinful and, what's more, dangerous such thoughts can be.


The trouble is, it's hard to distract yourself with Hebrew vocabulary. You sit with Peter in your dormitory room, reviewing your dictionaries and grammars for the midyear examination tomorrow morning. Dr. Faber and Dr. Bullock are the only professors holding exams for their classes. Mathematics should be alright, despite Bullock's distaste for you, but Hebrew seems to get more confusing each day.


Peter asks the meaning of ruach. You think for a moment. "Wind, I think, and something else too."


"Breath, and spirit as well. They can't let one word stand for one thing, they've always got to make it tricky. Zat is ze vay vith Hebrew," Peter adds in Faber's voice.


You smile, though you know he isn't having nearly as much trouble as you are. Then again, he must put in twice the work as you or anyone else, and you'd be shocked if he slept more than two hours most nights. "I can't think anymore tonight. I'll have to take my chances come the dawn."


"Fortune favors the bold. I suppose you'll remain in Covingsford for Christmas?" You nod. You aren't much looking forward to the holiday, given that it's several weeks back at home with your father, but at least you'll get to see Mrs. Littlethwaite and have a break from Hebrew. You should be able to spend your days in the College library too. If the dormitory wasn't shut up you think you'd probably stay there.


"I'll be back in London, at least for most of the holiday. It would be a crime to let Lizzy spend Christmas alone, what with how cold the winters can be in the city."


You snort. "I have no doubt you'll keep her very warm."


"And who knows? Your succubus may come back. If she still wants you, even covered in charcoal, then you know it's true love. I daresay you'll stay pretty warm yourself." You laugh and talk about trifles for a while, then Peter bids you goodnight.


It's best to get a good rest before the examinations, so you touch up your charm, pull a second blanket over yourself, and wait for sleep to take you.
> You feel something on your lips
It is soft and warm, and you smile. You mouth is full of sweetness and the taste of great ripe blackberries. You picture them hanging on the bush, gleaming dark on a summer day. Now it is like wine, and now like honey. It take a second to realize you are not dreaming, but the taste is too delicious to mind very much.


The thing against your lips pushes a little harder, and the flavor grows even more intoxicating. It makes you want to fight and eat and make love, and when you open your eyes you are not even frightened to see her.


Seria lies sprawled across your body, her skin taut and warm against your own. The blankets lie crumpled and forgotten on the floor, as does her gossamer, translucent robe, but you can only look at her. She moves slowly, stretching and rubbing, her fingers dancing along your body and those dark lips coming closer for another kiss.


She sinks her teeth into your lip, just enough to break the skin, and you feel a few drops of blood trickle out. Your eyes meet, and hers are as dark as her lips and just as enticing. With a low roar you grab her arms and spin her around, pinning her wrists to the bed. Seria flicks out her tongue, her body heaving below you, and you finally do what you have been imagining for a long time. Her moans are soft but strong, full of heat and passion, and you go faster and faster.


Her fingers dig into your back, surely drawing blood, but you do not care. It is impossible to think about anything but the woman beneath you, her tangled hair shimmering with dark light each time her body trembles.


At last you finish, and she gives one last moan and, bending up, nips you in the neck with her pointed teeth. Then Seria slumps back and shuts her eyes. You roll beside her, breathing hard and covered in sweat and a little blood.


She purrs and then cocks her head to one side and looks at you, her expression hard to read. "I had forgotten what it was like to be with a guarded man, to be with someone free." Apparently it was quite pleasurable, given that she purrs again. Then Seria leans towards you, her tongue very close to your chest, and traces it just above the complex charcoal pattern. "Keep this, at least until we find you some more permanent protection. I don't want you as a slave, young one. You are much to valuable, much too delicious."


By now you've recovered enough to speak. "But why? Why did you claim me, why do you visit me?"


She smiles. "Because of who you are, of course. Be thankful I did, young one. There are many spirits who want you, all because of the power in your blood, but none so kind as I, and none so clever. They would kill you and drink it, and they would gain a little power, but that would be such a waste! No, you are mine, and we have a greater destiny. And, it seems, there is plenty of pleasure to be had along the way."


So many questions, but your mind is still having trouble focusing on anything but her body and how it felt beneath you. "I...I am no one special," you manage to say.


Seria looks puzzled, and you realize it is the first time you can remember her not being in complete control. "I am not as knowledgeable about mankind as I thought. I imagined you would want to learn about your mother, but perhaps you never wondered who she was."


Your mother? The picture from your father's study jumps into your mind, thin and pretty, but before you can ask, Seria puts a finger to your lips. "No more words, not now, young one. There is much more still to do, but I thank you for the...invigorating ride. Now, I know you have told others about me. You will not tell anyone of this meeting, nor of any more. I will not let anyone interfere with us, do you understand?" She pulls her finger back, dripping with a bit of your blood, and sucks it clean.
> You agree
"I will tell no one," you say, and Seria purrs again.


She traces your jaw with her finger. "Your obedience is pleasing, no less than your body. Remember, you are mine. Never forget that." She closes your eyelids gently, and you hear the sound like wind. When you open your eyes Seria is gone. In the silent night you are surprised to realize how heavily you were breathing.


It takes a long while to fall asleep, but eventually you do, and when morning comes you are quite refreshed. It takes a second to remember Seria's visit, and you spend more than a few pleasant minutes remembering how she looked and felt. Then you remember the conversation.


You know you cannot tell Hopkins, Thewliss, or any of the others. But there is one man who you must speak with, and about a subject he has never willingly discussed. Who would have thought that a midnight visit from a daemon would be less terrifying than talking to your father? You try to think of the right words, the right story as you dress and gather you things for the midyear examinations, but nothing sounds convincing, not even to you.


Hebrew is first. You meet up with Peter outside the classroom and have a sudden, vivid memory of your time waiting for the entrance exam to begin. So much has happened since August, and what was once just a figure in your dreams has become quite real. You wish you could tell Peter about Seria's visit, but that would likely be a very bad idea. Even if you hadn't promised not to, you doubt succubi enjoy being the subject of tales by young men.


The written portion is difficult, but not as bad as you had feared. You develop a bit of a headache by the time it's finished, however, and you bungle several sentences during the oral examination. Dr. Faber frowns, but, as he says, "zat vuz still better zan most of zese idlers." You remember his advice about not trusting succubi and feel a little guilty. None of them, though, knows what it's really like to be marked by Seria.


Mathematics is long and tedious, covering everything you've studied in the last few months and a few topics you're sure Bullock never mentioned. He stands at the front of the room throughout the entire exam, scowling when anyone coughs or sneezes. The two hours cannot pass fast enough, and you follow Peter outside into the cold winter afternoon, confident that you did not fail but nothing more. Seria's visit and her words occupied a large portion of your mind and left little space for cosecants and postulants. 


You say goodbye to Peter, his coat tattered and whipping in the chilly breeze. He is off to London and his love, and you begin the walk back to your house. There is no snow, but a thin layer of frost coats the cobbestones and crunches beneath your feet. The mixture of fear and curiosity is familiar by now, though it is curious that it's your father and not Seria causing it.


In a few minutes you are back. No one answers when you ring the brass knocker, so you let yourself in. It is scarcely warmer than outside, and you keep your coat on as you ascend the stairs.
> You climb to the study
The house seems quite empty. You guess that Mrs. Littlethwaite is out buying groceries, but it is curious that Simon is nowhere to be found. Long before you reach your father's study, the familiar scratching grates your ears. Distracted, you open the door without knocking and only realize your mistake too late. Your father glances up and frowns, but he must be too busy to get very angry at the intrusion.


"Why have you returned?" he says, eyes already back on the ledger.


"Because..." you fumble, realizing you never quite decided on a convincing story, and then suddenly it all comes out. "Because a succubus has marked me, and she's done it because of mother." He goes on writing, finishes the sentence, and then looks up again. Only now does he see the rose on your cheek.


"What is the meaning of this? What is this thing?" he thunders, rising to his feet. "This family is respectable, boy, and I will not have us brought into disrepute because you picked up some degenerate fashion from the daemonologists." It seems he was not listening.


Strangely enough, the fact that his eyes are fixed on Seria's mark gives you a kind of confidence. "It wasn't the daemonologists," you say. "It was a succubus. She said it's because of mother, though I don't know much more than that. I need to learn about her. What she was like, where she came from." You pause a moment. "Everything you never said."


Suddenly your father darts forward, and for a moment you think he is going to strike you. His great hand grabs your shoulder, and before you can fully process what's happened, he sinks to his knee. "Forgive me, Amelia," he cries, "forgive me for everything."


It is more emotion than you have witnessed from him in your entire life. Unsure, you hold his arm, and he keeps gripping you shoulder as if he were drowning. But he is not looking at you anymore, now he is gazing up at your mother's portrait. She smiles serenely down at both of you, looking for all the world like a perfectly ordinary woman.


Your father pulls his hand from your shoulder and begins unbuttoning his waistcoat. Alarmed, you try to stop him, but he swats you away. Soon it is off, and then comes the shirt. You feel as though you're in a bad dream. Business must be bad, must be worse than you had imagined. Your father has gone mad. He stands, unsteadily, and points a quivering hand at his side.


There, though it is surrounded by coarse black and gray hair, you see a small golden harp. It looks like a tiny tattoo, and with a shock you recognize it as akin to your own rose. He grabs your shoulder again and begins the tale, slowly at first, but once it has started it is like a great flood.


"Amelia was an angel," he begins, and when you don't understand he says it again. "I knew she was lovely, but I didn't realize her true nature until after the wedding." That was when she marked him. She was loving and kind, precisely as you would imagine an angel to be. He says he still does not know why she married him, and he talks for a while about what a miserable man he is and how he never deserved her. Your father talks for a long time about her laugh and the way she walked, and all the while he continues staring up at her portrait. He stops speaking, and you get the impression he is trying to find the words for the next part of his story.


"She could not have children. She told me that it might be very difficult, a while after the wedding, but I didn't care, not for a few years. I was sure we would have a boy soon. But when it didn't happen I...I...you must understand, I was in London a great deal, away from your mother, and I was weak, and there are many women in the city, and..." His voice trails off into sobbing. You, of course, have no words.


Eventually he recovers enough to whisper that Charles is only your half brother, his mother a Lambeth whore. "But she forgave me, that was the hardest thing. She wept and prayed, and then she forgave what I had done. The evil I had done, and to a woman so innocent, so kind! She cared for Charles like he was her own. Her prayers must have been answered, too, because a few years later you were born, and..."


He stops, and outside the study you can hear a sound like the rushing of the wind.
> The door slams open
Seria's eyes are like fire and her face is utterly terrifying. Without a word she strides into the study, grabs you by the throat, and throws you against the wall. You land with a crash and look up just in time to watch her slap your father, hard enough to send him careening into his own desk, which snaps under the weight and sends a flurry of books, papers, and the scale to the floor.


"You were her husband," she says coldly, and her voice makes you want to run and hide under what remains of the desk.


Your father stares up at Seria, his cut and bruised. "Amelia's husband," he croaks out.


Seria kicks him in the stomach and he collapses entirely. She turns to you. "Why did you tell him? Why did you disobey me?"


You stand slowly. "I needed to know about my mother. I needed to know why you chose me." You take a few unsteady steps towards the succubus, praying that you haven't gone mad and that you clothes have not damaged the pattern. Seria is breathing hard, fists clenched. You know that she is stronger by far than you, that one flick of those tiny wrists would probably mean your death.


"It was not your place to disobey me, you miserable, oh!" You cut off her words with a kiss. She resists for the smallest moment and then grabs your coat, pulling you close. You reach around to caress her and spend a few terrifying, intensely pleasurable minutes exploring her lips and body. You're fairly confident that, between last night and now, you know every inch, but you hope you get the chance to check again.


When you finally break apart, Seria's eyes are back to their usually dark beauty. She gazes at you, her lips still in a shocked little o, and then reaches out to touch the rose on your cheek. "You are mine," she murmurs, "but I am yours, all yours." She seems ready to make love right there, but you notice your father groaning on the floor. She licks her lips. "I suppose I can wait."


You pull him from the rubble and into the center of the room, and after a while he revives enough to cry. It is a startling sight, but by now you've seen so many that it hardly seems unusual. Seria gives him another kick, this one a little gentler. "Will you finish the story or shall I?"


He groans and whispers that it must be him. "You were born. Such a beautiful boy. Amelia was so happy. So happy for those first few days." He coughs, and then a spasm seems to go through his body. "And then...and then..." He breaks off into sobbing once more. Seria looks at him coldly. When he gives no sign of continuing, she turns to face you.
> You say "And then they murdered her."
You stare into her dark eyes. The words do not make sense. No one murdered your mother, she died from eclampsia right after you were born. If anyone killed her it was you, but you know that kind of talk is only foolishness. Seria stares back for a long time and then, in a low voice, adds "the daemonologists."


Your father gives a great cry, but you do not hear him. The daemonologists could not have killed your mother, they are sworn only to fight against evil spirits, against daemons, never against angels. It is impossible, absurd, unthinkable.


"No," you say, shaking a little, "it cannot be. Not the daemonologists I know."


Seria grabs your hand and holds it, tight. "The daemonologists who said I must be a monster but who gave you nothing but bits of metal to defend against me? Who fight among themselves and care more about prestige and little quarrels than with protecting the innocent? They care only for status, only for prestige and power, and your mother had plenty of power."


Her words are like knives, but as you gaze into her eyes they make terrible sense. You do not want to believe them, you want her to be quiet, but she continues. "They must have sensed her aura for a long time, living so close to the College, even if she tried to hide. But the birth was difficult, and so, when you were only a few days old and healthy, she ventured out into the countryside for a walk, perhaps to clear her thoughts, to enjoy the sunshine and the grass. I imagine she hated to stay cooped up indoors. That's where they caught her, and that's where they killed her, leaving you, just born and already all alone in the world, to fend for yourself."


Your father struggles to his knees and clutches at your leg. "She was killed, but you were not alone, my son. You had a father..." Seria catches him with another slap, and he falls to his back. You share in her surge of anger. You had no father, or as good as none. When did he care, when did he speak to you or tell you anything about your mother or your heritage? How can he try to claim innocence when he chose some whore over his own wife?


But your father will not stay down. "She was killed, my angel was murdered, but..." With a sudden roar, Seria slams her elbow into his neck. He gives a horrible gasp and lies still for a few seconds, but somehow rises again, looking nearly dead. You cannot listen to any more of his words. He would not give them until Seria came, why should he have the chance to say them now?
> You strike him down
He has no right to speak, not after everything he's done. You aim a quick kick to his head, and then another and another. Every unsaid word, every disdainful look you can remember is avenged with those kicks, and finally your father falls down and does not rise, his face barely recognizable.


Seria's eyes glitter like black pearls, and she grabs your shirt. She pulls you close, her voice deep and husky.  "Take me. Now."


You obey, and soon you both have shed your clothes. Bodies locked together, you feel her, hot all over, and it makes you forget everything you have learned these past minutes. Those darks lips are everywhere, and everywhere they touch burns with a cruel and insatiable fire. Your lusts burn together, and it seems nothing could ever quench them.


You last longer than the night before, and when you finish she purrs contentedly. Lazily playing with the strands of her hair, your eyes drift to your father. He has not moved. Seria glances at him too and states, quite matter-of-factly, "He is dead."


You nod. You had not intended to kill him, but now that it is done you do not feel guilty. He was an adulterer, and against your mother. He let you think her death was your fault, let you join the College, the ones who killed her. His sin probably drove her out of the house, drove her to her death. You can feel her eyes watching from her portrait and are filled with a sudden rage. Death is too good for the fat old bastard, and with a great roar you begin to pummel his lifeless body.


Seria lets you go for a minutes and then grabs your arm. "Enough. Save your hatred and wrath, we will need them both. This man disgraced your mother and mistreated you, but the ones who killed her live and breath. I doubt they even remember the deed." You nod, fully intent on marching straight to the College to slaughter every daemonologist you can find, but she keeps speaking. "No, young one, you are not strong enough, not yet. Your mother's blood gives you great power, but it will only bear fruit in time. If you strike now it will be in vain, and the wretches will add another of our family to their list of murders."


"Our family?"


She smiles. "Yes, cousin. Amelia was my aunt, my mother's sister. The divide between angels and daemons is not sharp. What does it matter that my mother chose the darkness and yours the light? Blood is what matters, and revenge against those who spilled it." Suddenly she bends forward and bites your ear, just enough to get a few drops of the stuff. It is barely visible on her lips, but you could hardly miss the way she licks it off.


"Return to the College. Continue with your studies until everything is ready. Rest assured, soon it will all be in place, and together we will avenge your mother. I will visit often, for I know I will not be able to resist tasting you again. You are mine, and I am yours." Seria gives you one last kiss, and then she is gone.
> You time passes...
Mrs. Littlethwaite returns a few hours after Seria's departure, wizened arms laden with food from the market. When she sees your father's body, you do not even have to lie. "Business was not going well, and I feared his debts had grown, feared he had gone to thugs and criminals. What is to become of us now?" she wails. You do your best to comfort her, a little shaken that his death would cause such a reaction, but you know you had no choice.


Charles returns a few days later to take possession of the house and full control of the Latimer business interests. If he is at all affected, he does not show it. His analysis is sober. "Father made a string of bad investments, and then some ill fortune compounded the problems. He was too stubborn to listen to my advice, and I suppose he thought he could handle his creditors. But what's done is done. With luck they'll catch the killers, and in time I will rebuild our family's reputation and wealth." You also learn that your father gave Simon his notice a week before, another casulty of his bad investments. Charles assures you that your tuition will still be paid. "We are not so desparate as that."


Christmas comes and goes, a somewhat solemn holiday. Charles returns to London most of the time, so you are left alone with Mrs. Littlethwaite. You speak of little things, but you no longer have any interest in discussing your studies at the College, and the sight of your father's body seems to have rattled her quite severely. You spend most of your time in your room reading, or walking alone around the town and countryside in the crisp air and snow. You've taken to picturing your mother's death, surrounded by a gang of daemonologists, probably the same professors you've trusted all this time. Sometimes you are not certain you'll be able to wait for Seria's plan,  the anger is too strong. Despite her promise, she does not return. You can be patient, however, since her absence means your revenge will come quicker.


Come January you return to your lodgings in the College dormitory. Classes are much more interesting, now that you've learned the theory and the basics, though Hebrew is still a dull slog. Peter is a day late, and when he returns he is thrilled to tell you that he and Lizzy are engaged. "It will have to be a long engagement," he admits, "but her father is no longer opposed. No more secret meetings, unless perhaps I need a strong distraction form my studies." You are pleased for your friend, the first real happiness you have felt in a while, aside from picturing the moment when you strike down your mother's killers.


Those fantasies have made it more and more difficult not to draw attention during your classes. You want to interrupt Faber and Thewliss and Hopkins and ask them why they cornered your mother, or at least why they sheltered her killers. You realize that most of them probably had nothing to do with the foul deed, but you have little doubt that they've done similar things in the past. The illusion is shattered, they are nothing but self-serving, greedy wretches. You've even begun to dislike your fellow students, all except Peter. How can they sit in class, day after day, and learn to fight daemons, when the ones they should be fighting are standing right in front of them?
> One day in your Practicum
Dr. Young is lecturing on the power of daemons over certain diseases and ailments. It is dull stuff, and with the hour almost gone it nearly lulls you to sleep, but your ears prick up when he mentions childbirth. "The common natural dangers can also be excacerbated by daemons, especially daemons of lust. Succubi, for instance, favor eclampsia, and they relish the chance to induce that terrible disease in a woman. Thompson reports the case of a particularly devilish daemon in Edinburgh who infected no less than 40 women. Saint Bonaventure describes something similar, and he advised a mixture of lily and hawthorne bark as an effectual remedy. Nicholson, whose biases against hawthorne are well-known, reccommends the creation of an amulet, made of brass and inscribed with the Magnificat. Georg Strutt, the great Prussian of our own day, disagrees, since he considers..."


Eclampsia. Your father always claimed your mother died from eclampsia. It was nearly the only thing he said about her, and now you've learned it can be caused by succubi. At least, you think bitterly, Young claims it can be caused by succubi. You wonder if your father knew that, if he chose that lie so that, one day, you might blame a daemon instead of the daemonologists.


The rage grows strong and hot inside you. You can see Young but you don't hear his words. He is middle-aged, just old enough, perhaps, to have been among your mother's killers. How dare he stand and talk about saving women from harm, how dare he be so calm and expressionless. You realize that this anger cannot be controlled. You need to do something, now, or you'll explode. Thankfully the class is ending. You only need to wait a minute more, and with all your strength you focus on the paper in front of you. You count the words and then the letters you've written there. The full heat of your rage dissapates, and soon Young dismisses the class. The other students file out slowly and you bring up the rear.


As you near the door, Dr. Young turns and nods. The anger changes, turns cold and and calculating. There is no one else in the room, he suspects nothing. Now is your chance to strike, to pay them back for what they did to your mother.
> You attack
You step closer and clench your hand into a fist. Young does not notice. Suddenly you get the urge to speak, to tell him that you've seen through the facade. "Sir," you ask, "I was wondering if angels ever cause these kinds of ailments."


Young shakes his head. "Of course not, Latimer. They are by nature good and pure, the very opposite of the daemons. They assist in childbirth to protect both mother and baby."


"As I thought. But then, why would a pack of daemonologists surround an angel and murder her?"


He looks at you, confused, and opens his mouth to respond, but it is too late. You land a punch right on his jaw, and he falls to the ground. He manages to splutter a few words, though you do not understand the language, and then you strangle him. He claws at your hands, but your grip is strong. Slowly you feel the life ebbing away. You think he is dead, and you want to dance in triumph.


"I knew it, I knew it all along!" you hear behind you. You turn to find Dr. Bullock, his face blazing with an awful light, but by the time you release Young his fist has already crashed into the side of your head. You stagger away. Bullock shouts something in Latin, and what feels like a tiny hurricane slams into your body. You black out for a moment and fall, and by sheer luck knock your skull against a chair at the worst angle. You just barely see Bullock running towards you, cursing that he won't get the chance to find out what daemon you serve, and then your vision fades forever.


"I...mother, I tried," you murmur with your last breath. Hopefully Seria's plan will still work without you, because you could only kill one of the murderers. Still, you die happy, knowing you did what you could to avenge your mother's death.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Dr. Young is lecturing on the power of daemons over certain diseases and ailments. It is dull stuff, and with the hour almost gone it nearly lulls you to sleep, but your ears prick up when he mentions childbirth. "The common natural dangers can also be excacerbated by daemons, especially daemons of lust. Succubi, for instance, favor eclampsia, and they relish the chance to induce that terrible disease in a woman. Thompson reports the case of a particularly devilish daemon in Edinburgh who infected no less than 40 women. Saint Bonaventure describes something similar, and he advised a mixture of lily and hawthorne bark as an effectual remedy. Nicholson, whose biases against hawthorne are well-known, reccommends the creation of an amulet, made of brass and inscribed with the Magnificat. Georg Strutt, the great Prussian of our own day, disagrees, since he considers..."


Eclampsia. Your father always claimed your mother died from eclampsia. It was nearly the only thing he said about her, and now you've learned it can be caused by succubi. At least, you think bitterly, Young claims it can be caused by succubi. You wonder if your father knew that, if he chose that lie so that, one day, you might blame a daemon instead of the daemonologists.


The rage grows strong and hot inside you. You can see Young but you don't hear his words. He is middle-aged, just old enough, perhaps, to have been among your mother's killers. How dare he stand and talk about saving women from harm, how dare he be so calm and expressionless. You realize that this anger cannot be controlled. You need to do something, now, or you'll explode. Thankfully the class is ending. You only need to wait a minute more, and with all your strength you focus on the paper in front of you. You count the words and then the letters you've written there. The full heat of your rage dissapates, and soon Young dismisses the class. The other students file out slowly and you bring up the rear.


As you near the door, Dr. Young turns and nods. The anger changes, turns cold and and calculating. There is no one else in the room, he suspects nothing. Now is your chance to strike, to pay them back for what they did to your mother.
> You leave
You are quite tempted, but you know it isn't worth it. Much better to wait for Seria and get revenge on all of them at once. Besides, Young has a reputation for power, boring as he is. Who knows how he'd defend himself?


You follow the others out and meet up with Peter at the White Boar. After a few ales, some roast chicken, and conversation with your friend, you leave feeling quite happy. It's pleasant to have some distractions from the awful knowledge you gained over Christmas.


Weeks pass, and you are surprised and pleased to learn that your practical metaphysics class will now cover basic magic. Hopkins stresses the dangers of this sort of thing, but that doesn't do much to dampen the enthusiasm. "You'd better be sure your Latin pronounciation is good, or you'll end up looking worse than me," he cautions. Of all your professors, he is the hardest to hate. His good humor is infectious, and you remember that, unlike the others, he did not assume Seria must be evil.


Working real magic is complex, and it is only after a week of study that you get the chance to attempt it. You've used the occaisional prayer in your Practicum, of course, but this is different. Hopkins explains how, eventually, some of you will be able to use magic to make light and fire, to calm storms, and, most important, to defend against daemons. You chuckle a little at the last one, since you plan to use it against the daemonologists. The first task is simple, the prayer short. You are each given a small red candle and told to light it. Everyone chants the same words, but the results are quite different. For most, nothing at all happens. A few, including Peter, produce a bit of smoke, but yours bursts immediately into a plume of fire nearly a foot high, burning your fingers a little.


Hopkins is thrilled. "Marvelous work, my boy, marvelous!" You can't help but feel that the praise is over-generous, as you're sure your ability just comes from your mother's blood and not from any work on your part. Still, it's exciting. If you could do this on your first try, how powerful will you be when your angelic heritage is fully manifest?


Peter is a good sport and congratulates you, and you realize this is the first time you've really excelled. It's annoying that the next month will be spent on similar tasks, trifles like filling a cup with water or making a bell ring without touching it. Still, you can be patient, though you decide you'll head to the library to find some more books of magic. There's no reason you can't do a little advanced work now, just to see how far your power stretches.


It takes a while for you to find the right section in the cavernous building, but you are well-rewarded once you do. Spoiled for choice, you spend nearly an hour pulling books from the shelves at random, fascinated by everything you could try. You end up bringing half a dozen to your room, where they join the more mundane works on mathematics, Hebrew, and the like.


You flip through the pages until something catches your eye. It's a prayer to make inscriptions permanent, recorded by a monk named Clement in Britanny in the 13th century. Apparently he used it to keep his most prized manuscripts pristine, which makes you laugh a bit. You take a piece of charcoal and fix the design on your chest, making sure it is exactly as it should be. Then you begin the prayer. "Domine Deus..."
> You that night
Seria pays you a visit. She notices the magic immediately, though she seems happier that you had the power to do it than at the spell itself. "Your strength grows, young one, and it will grow stronger by far. It is intoxicating. Bind me, take me, ravish me!" Her voice changes to a moan and she tears away her thin robe. You are more than happy to obey, though you don't require any magic to throw her onto the bed, nor to ravish her. You get little sleep.


After a few hours Seria decides she's in the mood for conversation, though her hand is still working lazily below your blanket. "They are almost convinced. It will only be a little longer now, and then we can strike."


"They?" you ask.


"My allies, powerful spirits. Each has a grudge against one of the Covingsford daemonologists, not that they need much excuse. Now that your angelic blood has begun to awaken, they will be eager to begin. I can afford to come back to you, I need to come back, perhaps even every night."


Her words would have shocked you before, but you shed any real animosity towards daemons once you learned of the hypocrisy of the daemonologists. "Very well. I still do not know what use I will be. I have some power, I realize, but the professors must have more."


Seria laughs and gives you a kiss. "Your modesty is adorable, but I want you to know your true power. None of those professors will have even half your strength, not once your mother's blood shines forth. Even now you are stronger than many of them. They are learned about some things, perhaps- dead languages and moldy books, but we are speaking of raw power. Of strength. Of will. Of domination. Of hunger." She gives another moan and you decide that the time to talk is over. There is little doubt that you both have a great deal of hunger, and you do your best to satisfy it in the hours until dawn.


She departs just before sunrise, promising to return when it is dark. You say goodbye with one last squeeze and she laughs again. You laugh too and think about Peter and his Lizzy. Love comes, it seems, in different forms.


The day passes quickly, your mind quite unable to focus on Hebrew grammar and the like. As soon as your classes end you hurry back to your room to practice more magic, and soon you can make small objects levitate, shatter glass with a flick of your finger, and produce food from thin air. This last one only adds to your anger at the daemonologists- how can they let men starve when creating food is so simple?


Before you know it, Seria is back, and you spend this night in much the same way as you spend the previous one. If this is how your life will be, days spent gaining power and nights spent in ecstasy, you could not be more pleased.
> You time passes...
Life has never been so good. Each day you work greater and greater magic, though still in the confines of your room, and nearly every night Seria comes to reward you. You feel guilty about it, sometimes, having so much pleasure when your mother's killers still breathe, but you know that you must have patience. Your anger no longer burns quite so hot against the professors, perhaps because you release a lot of energy during the night. The other daemons are almost convinced, and you are almost strong enough to summon them.


This is, you learn, your essential role in Seria's plan, and so you've been studying the basics of summoning in secret. Each of the spirits was banished long ago by one of the professors, which explains their willingness to risk destruction for revenge. It takes someone with more power than the banisher to reverse that kind of magic, and she believes you are close. Thankfully, one of the spells you've come across lets you dimly sense another's strength, though it is not exact. Chancellor Fogg is the only daemonologist who could certainly best you. Dr. Hopkins is powerful too, as are a few professors you don't know well. The others are pitiable weak, substituting useless knowledge for their lack of natural strength.


Speaking of Hopkins, he and Peter are the only people that keep you from complete allegiance to Seria's plan. You don't care at all if innocent professors are slaughtered. They sheltered your mother's killers and probably did similar things themselves. You don't even mind if some students are killed, though Seria assures you that your allies have no interest in doing so unless the students try to resist their attack. You hope Peter will not, but you aren't sure how to warn him without raising his suspicions. Hopkins is the one professor whom you wish did not have to die. He has always been kind to you, and he doesn't seem to have the same attitude as the others, the attitude that you now find so hypocritical. If he has to die, so be it, but you'd like to find a way to spare him.


Thewliss is in a way the worst of them all. You find it hard to believe you once respected him and felt grateful when he gave you the ankh. His lectures are full of what you now recognize as sanctimonious nonsense. To hear him tell it, spirits have been oppressing mankind since the dawn of time, and daemonologists have defended them. You've done a little reading of your own and know now that the truth is very different. Your mother's murder is only one of many through the ages, innocents killed by overzealous daemonologists. Soon she will be avenged, and all the others too.


Still, the matter of Peter and Dr. Hopkins preys on your mind. There must be some way to explain what's happening, some way to get them to see reason. You need to act quickly, however, since Seria's been hinting that the attack will come quite soon. Last night she told you she won't be back for a few days. Apparently there's one more spirit to convince, a mighty raksha in Bengal who Bullock encountered during a brief job protecting the East India Company. This should give you a chance to warn them, but who should you speak to first?
> You peter
Hopkins is strong and experienced and might be able to fend for himself. In any case, you can always warn him after you speak with Peter. As you roam around the grounds, however, you cannot seem to find your friend anywhere.


He is not in your classes the next day, and when you stop by the White Boar, the innkeeper informs you he's gone back to London. "His love's sick," he says, polishing a glass. "Probably nothing serious, but these young pups hate to leave their ladies alone." You nod, knowing very well how hard it is when Seria leaves each morning.


You wonder how long Peter will stay in London. Perhaps he'll even miss the entire attack. You go about your business for the next couple days, planning to speak with Hopkins after practical metaphysics, but his comment during the lecture catches you off guard. He's discussing spells to keep your mind clear. "Now, these aren't just to give you dullards a bit of help during examinations. They're quite useful against daemons, since the smarter ones will always try to manipulate you. Most of you probably wouldn't even realize you're being manipulated, but spells like these will at least give you a chance at resisting their honeyed words."


Hopkins is a good man, and you still don't wish him any harm, but comments like that remind you that he isn't fundamentally different from the other professors. Daemons are the enemy, they want to manipulate and devour you, and the whole rest of it. He likely wouldn't be happy that you're trusting Seria, likely wouldn't understand that there's a difference between manipulation and love. He will have to take care of himself when the time comes, and you hope he does so effectively.


Two more days pass without Peter returning. Your magic is stronger than ever, as you learn during a walk in the countryside when you send a sudden bolt of lightening from the clear sky. You are thrilled, however, when Seria surprises you while you're asleep, waking you up in a very interesting way. You spend a while on pleasure and then turn to business, though you can't resist playing with her body a little while you talk.


"Everything is in place. We need to strike now," she says, her suddenly serious tone quite a change from her earlier moans. 


"Tonight?"


"Yes. Our allies are not as patient as you and I, and if you don't summon them now they may move on to easier prey."


You consider it. "The Chancellor is still stronger than me, though I'm probably a match for all the others."


"He won't be a problem. The other daemons might be able to kill him, and if not, the excitement of the battle should fully awaken your heritage. Then you will be unstoppable." She gives you a deep kiss, and you spend another couple minutes distracting yourselves from the work ahead.


Finally she pulls away and grabs a piece of charcoal. It is time. You take the charcoal and begin to draw the summoning circle. You think of Bullock and his expression if he knew how you were using the knowledge he taught you. You have to stifle a laugh when you realize he will know soon enough.
> The summoning
You have come across many different summoning procedures during your research, though you've decided to use a simple one originally created by the Cathars. Seria stands on the other side of the circle, ready to tell you the different names of each daemon you will call up. You have the incantation written somewhere among your notes, but you're confident you know it by heart.


"Quid sum miser tunc dicturus, quem patronum rogatorus, cum vix sit securus..." you intone. The charcoal lines begin to glow with dim blue light. "Ingemisco tamquam reus, culpa rubet vultus meus supplicanti parce..."


Seria's eyes are locked on your own, and you stare right back. You are hers, and she is yours. Together you will do what should have been done years ago. For the first time you let yourself think of the future, after the revenge has been won. You cannot imagine a better life than one spent with Seria by your side, and your angelic heritage should, once it fully awakens, make it a very long life indeed.


"Propet hoc lugebit terra et infirmabitur omnis qui daemoniat..." Seria has a hungry look on her pale face, and the circle's lines are now very bright. It is time to call the first spirit.


"Lignor," she murmurs, and you repeat the name. The air inside the circle ripples like water, and slowly something like pale green fog begins to swirl. You continue chanting as it coalesces, growing larger and larger, and then all at once the daemon is fully there. He is a minotaur, nearly seven feet tall with curling horns and broken teeth. He bows slowly and steps outside the circle.


"Propet hoc lugebit terra et infirmabitur omnis qui daemoniat..." you chant methodically once more. This time the daemon is Nephilaxet, who would look like a perfectly ordinary merchant if it were not for the two long, curving scars that stretch from each side of his mouth to his ears. Then he smiles wide, and you notice that his gums are bright red. He too bows and takes his place beside Seria and Lignor.


Then Jarobaal, who has the head of a great viper, Semkhapu the sphinx, and Spulliso, who has no face at all, only a terrible blankness, deathly white, where eyes and the rest should be. You soon lose track of the names and each one's particular monstrous appearance, though a few, like Yfrigge, who looks for all the world like a timid, frightened six year old girl, manage to stand out. Each one bows and joins the others, watching as you call forth more and more. Last of all is Anumun, the raksha with a grudge against Dr. Bullock. He is covered from head to foot with a tiger's fur and stripes, and when he bows, you see that his tail is a cobra.


Then it is done. Seria nods, and you mutter the final words of the summoning. Your eyes flicker from one daemon to the next. The room is quite full, and you guess that there are at least two dozen spirits inside. Each one is staring back, and it is with a jolt that you realize that you, not Seria, are their leader.
> You speak
Though you are not entirely sure where the words are coming from. "Tonight we will gain revenge on the daemonologists. All my life I hoped to be one of them. All my life was a lie. They murdered my mother, a powerful spirit, and they have wronged each of you too. Tonight we will make them pay for what they have done."


It is a simple enough speech, but it seems to inspire the daemons. "We will follow you, great spellcaster," Jarobaal says. It is disconcerting to hear good English come from a snake's head, but you just nod. The others give their assent too, and Seria comes to your side.


Her voice is forceful and her face wears a sneer as she speaks of the enemy. "They are asleep in their beds, so we will have little trouble with the first few. But then they will raise the alarm, and we will have a true battle on our hands." She squeezes your hand. "The students are not to be touched, though if they attack you may of course slaughter them. But it would be better to put the fear of daemons into their veins, to teach them never to oppose us."


Most of the daemons have particular targets in mind, the professors who banished them or stole their prey, but splitting up to take each one individually is too risky. Instead, Seria divides your army into three groups, who will work their way through the professors. She will fight by your side, of course, as will Nephilaxet, Semkhapu, Spulliso, Yfrigge, and a few others. Dr. Fogg is the final target, since you should grow in power as the battle progresses and your angelic blood fully awakens.


You whisper a quick spell, and your window vanishes without a sound. The daemons leap out at once and you follow, commanding the wind to soften your landing. You lead Seria and the others to Dr. Coghill's house, the same place you once spent your evenings cleaning. He has little power and should make a good first victim. Something to whet your appetite.


His door is protected by some carved glyphs, and you stop to examine them. Coghill is an expert in these sorts of enchanted inscriptions, and, weak or not, he likely put a good deal of thought into them. After a minute you're fairly confident you understand how they work, though your Hebrew isn't advanced enough to grasp the details. You know a few unbinding spells that could probably let you in, especially given your advantage over Coghill in raw power, but you've certainly never tried them against anything like this.


You musings are interrupted by a growl from Semkhapu. "I could easily smash this down." You glance at her huge paws and muscular body, and you have to admit she could be right.
> You magic
"No," answer, "Coghill is weak and stupid. This should only take a moment. Dilexerunt adferre ignominiam..."


The spell is short, and when you finish, the inscriptions have completely faded away. You wonder how long Coghill pored over his defenses and chuckle. The door is not even locked, and you walk right in, the daemons right behind.


Strangely, you seem to be right back where you just were. The door still stands directly in front, still without any inscriptions, but you're back outside. You open it and go through again, but once again the only place you get is where you've already been. This is curious magic, and you start scanning the front of the house for any other glyphs and tell the others to do the same.


You find it almost immediately, a tiny row of characters scratched into the side of the doorframe. These are in a script you've never seen before, and while you're puzzling over them you hear someone nearby give a great bellow.


Nephilaxet has taken a silver axe to the face, and you watch with growing anger as his skin melts off. The fool must have tripped another of Coghill's defenses. "No one move a muscle," you order, but it is too late. Spulliso leans against the house, and you see another inscription, this one scrawled by a window, glow blue for a moment. Then he lights up like a torch, and in a few seconds the smooth-faced daemon is reduced to a pile of cinders. 


"Stand still, damn you all," you shout. You know you can figure this out, you just need a little time to think. The man must have covered his home in wards, paranoid bastard. There could be hundreds of them, all alert to any magical activity. A general unbinding spell is your best chance, and you'll just have to hope your power is great enough to overcome them all at once.


You start the chant, but, as it turns out, the spell you've chosen is the trigger for another one of Coghill's wards. You feel something like a tickle along your legs, and when you look down you see that the withered grass beneath your feet has burst into life. You writhe away and try to think of some magic to escape, but the tendrils grow higher and higher. Your daemons, meanwhile, have fled, judging that the risk here is not worth the reward. Seria is the only one to stay, and she claws at the vines as they slowly engulf you.


"No!" she shouts, baring her teeth. "You are mine, and I am yours, and we will slaughter all our enemies!"


Her voice grows more and more muffled until at last you can hear nothing at all. Then the tendrils begin to squeeze tighter, and within a few minutes you are dead. Before the pressure becomes too great, your last thought is to hope that Seria escaped from this vile place. You picture her body, soft and perfect, and slip into death.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Though you are not entirely sure where the words are coming from. "Tonight we will gain revenge on the daemonologists. All my life I hoped to be one of them. All my life was a lie. They murdered my mother, a powerful spirit, and they have wronged each of you too. Tonight we will make them pay for what they have done."


It is a simple enough speech, but it seems to inspire the daemons. "We will follow you, great spellcaster," Jarobaal says. It is disconcerting to hear good English come from a snake's head, but you just nod. The others give their assent too, and Seria comes to your side.


Her voice is forceful and her face wears a sneer as she speaks of the enemy. "They are asleep in their beds, so we will have little trouble with the first few. But then they will raise the alarm, and we will have a true battle on our hands." She squeezes your hand. "The students are not to be touched, though if they attack you may of course slaughter them. But it would be better to put the fear of daemons into their veins, to teach them never to oppose us."


Most of the daemons have particular targets in mind, the professors who banished them or stole their prey, but splitting up to take each one individually is too risky. Instead, Seria divides your army into three groups, who will work their way through the professors. She will fight by your side, of course, as will Nephilaxet, Semkhapu, Spulliso, Yfrigge, and a few others. Dr. Fogg is the final target, since you should grow in power as the battle progresses and your angelic blood fully awakens.


You whisper a quick spell, and your window vanishes without a sound. The daemons leap out at once and you follow, commanding the wind to soften your landing. You lead Seria and the others to Dr. Coghill's house, the same place you once spent your evenings cleaning. He has little power and should make a good first victim. Something to whet your appetite.


His door is protected by some carved glyphs, and you stop to examine them. Coghill is an expert in these sorts of enchanted inscriptions, and, weak or not, he likely put a good deal of thought into them. After a minute you're fairly confident you understand how they work, though your Hebrew isn't advanced enough to grasp the details. You know a few unbinding spells that could probably let you in, especially given your advantage over Coghill in raw power, but you've certainly never tried them against anything like this.


You musings are interrupted by a growl from Semkhapu. "I could easily smash this down." You glance at her huge paws and muscular body, and you have to admit she could be right.
> You force
Strange as it might seem, the sphinx has a point. You still aren't entirely sure about these inscriptions, but daemonologists have a tendency to focus on the magical. You wouldn't be at all surprised if the door is unprotected against mere physical force. In fact, you doubt it's even locked.


You nod, and Semkhapu backs up to charge. Her body is power, and when she springs against the door it crumples without any trouble. There is a crash, of course, but it was probably too much to hope to catch Coghill asleep.


You lead the way up the stairs, remembering the hours spent cleaning them from the previous owners' grime. Coghill was something of a perfectionist, which no doubt served him well in inscribing those runes. His bedroom door has similar writing, which you deal with in the same way. The entire daemonic horde rushes in after Semkhapu, and you encircle Dr. Coghill, still wearing his dressing gown and nightcap. He is covered in dust and bits of debris from the door, but he recognizes you at once and grimaces.


He is standing in some kind of protective circle, its intricate lines weaving in and out like the Celtic pattern on your chest. You see tiny runes carved there too. Probably best not to attempt a direct attack, though in a way the circle is a blessing. He has no chance of escape, and it gives you plenty of time to destroy him. You begin chanting a simple spell, one that should smudge the pattern and let the daemons in to devour him. Meanwhile, Seria and the others explore every inch of the design for weaknesses and send spurts of fire and dark energy. Coghill is clever, however, and his circle is safe.


At least, it is until you complete the incantation. You finish, and he stares, wondering what exactly you meant to accomplish. Seria understands at once, though, and slips through the tiny break you've made in his otherwise perfect design.


Coghill gives a strangled yelp and tries to run, but she is quicker. She takes his hand in her own and he stops, gazing into her eyes. You watch his resistance melt away, and he bends down for her kiss.


His lips are only an inch form hers when you send a bolt of lightening to finish him off. Seria turns to you and laughs. She darts back to give you a quick kiss before the band of daemons sets off for their next target. "Don't tell me you were jealous of him?" she purrs, twisting her body away from yours. You reach out a hand and pull her back by her lovely neck. She lets out a little whimper.


"You are mine, and I am yours," you growl.
> You to Faber
Your Hebrew professor is the next to die, and you lead your army out of Coghill's house and through the grounds. A professor whose name you don't know tries to stop you, but he's rather foolish and must not notice the daemons right on your heels. Spulliso takes care of him, snapping his neck before he has any idea what's going on. "My fingernail," he says, sounding mildly annoyed. "My fingernail broke on that man's neck."


As luck would have it, you run into Faber, who must have detected the disturbances and all the spiritual auras. It seems you've lost the element of surprise, though that was bound to happen eventually. Slightly complicating things is the fact that he's with Dr. Young and two other professosr, one of whom is among the strongest at the College. You see that the man's face is bleeding, but it doesn't seem to be slowing him down. "Traitor and fiend!" Faber shouts, but then your daemons are on him and it's all he can do to say alive.


You watch with anger as Young throws a silver knife at Semkhapu, catching her on the leg. She howls in pain, but then the other professor begins yelling in Latin. You turn to face him and mutter a spell of your own. You can feel your aura fighting with his as you chant. He is strong, stronger than you thought. This will not be an easy fight.


Out of the corner of your eye you watch the battle, though you can only get quick glimpses before you need to turn back to your enemy. You see Faber finish off Semkhapu with some amulet, but when you glance back Faber's own throat has been opened by Nephilaxet, who laps at the blood hungrily. Meanwhile Dr. Young is a blur, casting short spells and throwing daggers and bundles of herbs. The man may not have much magical ability, but he is keeping your daemons occupied. The other professor is holding his own too, though he doesn't seem as capable as his companions.


Your enemy reaches into his pocket, still chanting, and pulls out a dagger of his own. He does not have Young's skill, though, and you easily dodge the blade. He is out of breath, which might mean that you are close, but then again you are too. Why won't your angelic blood awaken? Or has it already, and you are simply not as powerful as Seria had thought.


You glimpse her out of the corner of your eye, see Young attack her with a flurry of blows, his silver knife making a dozen cuts all along her arms and side. She fights back, but you notice that he's strew the ground with herbs. She can barely walk without terrible pain, and neither can the other daemons. Seria falls to the ground, and he raises the blade for the final blow.
> You save Seria
She cannot die. In the moment you forget about your mother and the plan, forget about everything except the woman you love. You redirect your chant to Young, guessing that he will have no defenses at all for your spell. You catch him completely by surprise and he drops the knife, howling with the pain you've inflicted.


Hoping that at least bought some time, you turn your attentions back to your main enemy. He is still chanting, and you keep up your own spell. The balance has gone against you, however, and now you're only just managing to stay alive. Glancing over, you see Yfrigge walk calmly up to Young, reach out her hand, and dig his heart straight out from his chest. The sight gives you a little hope, but your battle of wills is not going well.


He keeps chanting, and suddenly you feel your defenses snap. "So die all who side with daemons," the bloody professor says, and you burst into flame. The pain is immense and your screams horrible, but through it all you watch Seria fight through the the other professor and charge towards your enemy.


Her eyes burn even brighter than you, and she attacks with savage fury and no mercy. Her teeth, long and sharp, cut into his flesh, and she snaps his bones like twigs, quite literally tearing him apart. She cannot save you, but she can make the last moments of this man's life as close to hell as one can feel in this life.


When the deed is done she runs to you. You are nearly dead too, but when she kisses you the pain dies away. Surely this is the best way to die, with the lips of the woman you love on your own and your enemy's blood spilled in puddles around you. It is a shame you could not kill every daemonologist, but if Seria's expression is any indication, they have little time left.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your Hebrew professor is the next to die, and you lead your army out of Coghill's house and through the grounds. A professor whose name you don't know tries to stop you, but he's rather foolish and must not notice the daemons right on your heels. Spulliso takes care of him, snapping his neck before he has any idea what's going on. "My fingernail," he says, sounding mildly annoyed. "My fingernail broke on that man's neck."


As luck would have it, you run into Faber, who must have detected the disturbances and all the spiritual auras. It seems you've lost the element of surprise, though that was bound to happen eventually. Slightly complicating things is the fact that he's with Dr. Young and two other professosr, one of whom is among the strongest at the College. You see that the man's face is bleeding, but it doesn't seem to be slowing him down. "Traitor and fiend!" Faber shouts, but then your daemons are on him and it's all he can do to say alive.


You watch with anger as Young throws a silver knife at Semkhapu, catching her on the leg. She howls in pain, but then the other professor begins yelling in Latin. You turn to face him and mutter a spell of your own. You can feel your aura fighting with his as you chant. He is strong, stronger than you thought. This will not be an easy fight.


Out of the corner of your eye you watch the battle, though you can only get quick glimpses before you need to turn back to your enemy. You see Faber finish off Semkhapu with some amulet, but when you glance back Faber's own throat has been opened by Nephilaxet, who laps at the blood hungrily. Meanwhile Dr. Young is a blur, casting short spells and throwing daggers and bundles of herbs. The man may not have much magical ability, but he is keeping your daemons occupied. The other professor is holding his own too, though he doesn't seem as capable as his companions.


Your enemy reaches into his pocket, still chanting, and pulls out a dagger of his own. He does not have Young's skill, though, and you easily dodge the blade. He is out of breath, which might mean that you are close, but then again you are too. Why won't your angelic blood awaken? Or has it already, and you are simply not as powerful as Seria had thought.


You glimpse her out of the corner of your eye, see Young attack her with a flurry of blows, his silver knife making a dozen cuts all along her arms and side. She fights back, but you notice that he's strew the ground with herbs. She can barely walk without terrible pain, and neither can the other daemons. Seria falls to the ground, and he raises the blade for the final blow.
> You focus on your opponent
Seria is strong, perhaps even stronger than you, and can more than take care of herself. You concentrate on your chanting, weaving in more and more spells. You feel the bloody man's aura weakening- he is nearly beaten. You chant faster and faster, knowing the his breaking point will come at any moment.


Suddenly he shouts something in Hebrew which catches you off guard. A huge plume of smoke erupts between you, and when it clear you see he has fled. You turn and find that Seria and the others managed to kill Young and his companion. She is breathing heavily and blood drips from many wounds, but her eyes are hungry. You point to the retreating professor and she nods, but then Yfrigge interrupts.


"Anumun and the others are in trouble. They've killed most of the daemonologists, but the Chancellor is too strong, even for them all together. We must join them or we will be cut down one by one."


You agree, but Seria has different plans. "You need to finish that one off. Your mother's blood still hasn't awakened, and until it does Fogg can likely destroy you. He may destroy us all, but we can at least keep him occupied until your full power comes. Go, my love, and do not come back until you can make me a present of this Chancellor's corpse."


You hate to leave her, but you know she is right. You following the fleeing professor as the others head towards the main battle. His aura might be broken, but it still leaves quite a noticeable trace, and you eventually corner him near the great iron Gates themselves. His face has stopped bleeding, and to his credit he turns to fight you once he knows you are there.


The second battle is much shorter than the first. His power is nearly gone, and you are prepared for any tricks. Within a few minutes he begins to shiver, then to shake, and a moment later he collapses. A quick Greek spell is all it takes to sever his head from his shoulders. You are pleased to defeat him, but it does not feel like anything new has happened. No surge of power, no second wind, no anything. It seems your angelic nature needs something more to awaken, though you don't know what it might be. You could head for the main battle and hope you run into someone else to kill, you suppose, but there's no telling if it would work.


Just then you hear someone running up the path from the other door. You don't bother to hide. Fogg is accounted for, and unless it's Hopkins you shouldn't have any trouble defeating him. Part of you hopes it is Dr. Hopkins, as you think that perhaps such a victory is the only way to unleash your potential.
> The figure emerges into the moonlight
He wears a tattered cloak, and even at night you can see how pale and gaunt his face is. It is Peter.


"What are you doing here?" you ask.


He stops, trying to catch his breath. "I arrived from London this evening and woke when I heard the explosions and screams. Half of Covingsford must be awake by now too, though I don't blame them for staying in their beds. What on Earth has happened?"


You look at your friend. He has a little silver knife, the kind you might use for practice in Dr. Young's class. You find you cannot lie. "Daemons are attacking the College, daemons I summoned." You see the shock on his face and continue. "I do not have time to explain everything, but the daemonologists are evil, more evil than the spirits they fight. They killed my mother, Peter, murdered her because she was an angel, and I won't let them escape justice."


He runs a hand through his hair. "Who killed your mother?" When you admit you don't know, he takes a step towards you. "I believe you, but this cannot be the best way to have justice. From the sound of it, the daemons are killing every professor here and a fair number of students too. Most of them probably had no part in your mother's death."


"They protected whoever did kill her. They broke bread with a murderer, and they're all guilty of a dozen crimes besides. Do you think everyone killed in America is a true rebel, Peter? No, but when you live and work with criminals, you have no cause for complaint if you get caught up in their punishment."


"Then this is vengeance and no justice."


You laugh. "You may call it what you will. It does not concern you, however, and I have no wish to see you dead. Go back to your bed. Go back to London and your Lizzy, and I swear no daemon will follow."


"It's her, isn't it? Your succubus. You must listen to me, as your friend- she cannot be trusted. For God's sake, she's a daemon!"


You throw the punch before Peter finishes the word. He stumbles back to his feet after a second, nose smashed. "Go," you say, turning around. You only make a few steps before he finishes a spell. A jolt of electricity arcs from his fingers into your back, and you swear. It seems you are not the only one who practiced advanced magic in secret, though you can tell your friend is no match for you.


"I do not want you dead!" you shout, but Peter has already released a second spell, this one a jet of green flame. "Stop!"


"I will not," he grunts, and sends yet another jolt of electricity. You knock it away with a word, and he frowns. He must know that this fight is hopeless. You mutter another incantation and he is forced to the ground. He rises unsteadily and, seemingly empty of magical power, resorts to throwing a rock. "You'll have to kill me," he cries, his sallow face alive with determination and a hint of fear. His eyes have the familiar metallic glint. "Or bring your daemon bitch to do it for you."


Now you are truly angry, and it does not help when Peter throws his knife and nicks your arm. You can feel your aura growing, and twenty or more curses spring into your head. You could boil him with the water vapor in the night sky above or tear him down the middle without a second thought, you're sure of it, and none of his brilliance will save him.


"You're her slave," he yells. "I'm your best friend, and you're going to kill me for her. You'd best get it over with, I wouldn't want her to get impatient with you."
> You kill him
The rage surges through you. You imagine this must be what it's like to struck by lightening, this feeling of sheer power and of life. You barely even notice Peter sprawled below you. Your mind is fixed on Seria's face and your mother's. What you do now, you do for them. None of the spells you can think of seems quite right, so you start scanning the ground. It only takes you a moment to find it.


Peter's knife is elegant, and you take a second to wipe the dirt away. Yes, this will do quite well. His eyes widen just a little when he realizes what is to come, then they harden. You can tell he's thinking, trying to find something that will dissuade or defeat you, but he cannot win, and he knows it. Finally he meets your gaze, eyes glinting in the moonlight. "Do it."


You bring the knife down. Peter does not bow his head, does not even flinch, though when the blade cuts his neck he cannot stop the shudder. You are methodical as you slit his throat, and you do not mind how much blood cascades out and onto your hands. It is sticky and very hot, steaming in the chilly air, and it adds to the fire in your blood. The memory of Seria, her lips wet with your blood, leaps into your mind. You need to find her. Together you will kill your enemies, just as you killed this false friend.


The heat travels up your hands and arms, and it fills your chest. Soon it is painful, but there is pleasure in the pain. Each heartbeat send a stab of agony through your entire body, and for a time the pain is so intense you think you will die. But this is not death, you realize joyfully. It is your second birth, your mother's gift. You are becoming what you were meant to be. You are becoming an angel.


You let a great cry echo into the night. Your back is burning, tearing, and then suddenly your wings break free, even larger than Seria's. The pain fades away, though the heat remains. You want to fight, or else to find Seria and make love. Your aura is strong, surely stronger than Fogg's. You glance down at Peter's corpse and feel nothing. Then, unbidden, a mirthless laugh escapes your lips. He was a true friend after all, for without him you might never have embraced your destiny.


You move your new wings a little, marveling because you can sense the smallest currents in the wind, and then leap into the air, springing nearly ten feet and then taking flight. You can see across the buildings and far into the distance, but your eyes go at once to the cluster of flames, flashes, and strange shimmering spells in the courtyard in front of the library. You only need to beat your wings twice and you are above them, gazing down as your daemons fight the last of the daemonologists.
> The battle rages below
Even from the sky, you can see that there are bodies strewn everywhere, many more than the number of professors. It seems that the students, or at least a good number of them, joined in the defense of the College. You feel no pity. Quickly you survey the enemies, pleased that your forces have already slaughtered most of your mother's murders. Dr. Thewliss and five or so students are clustered in one corner, Dr. Hopkins and two are in another, and in the center of it all, Chancellor Fogg stands alone.


Each battles several daemons, though you note with displeasure that their ranks have thinned, too. The minotaur Lignor and a few others face Thewliss' band while viper-headed Jarobaal and Yfrigge, still wearing the guise of a young girl, fight with Dr. Hopkins. The Chancellor has the most enemies- Anumun the raksha, four daemons you don't recognize, and Seria, her flaming eyes shining brighter than the stars above. Chanting in many languages mixes with howls and shouts of pains, while knives and bundles of herbs fly in all directions. The combatants' auras mix too, and it's hard to tell which battle needs your direct attention most.


Since Hopkins is the closest, you glide down to finish him off. The stooped man wields a silver saber, its blade flashing as it twirls. Jarobaal has a spear, and the two are locked in an intricate dance. You would never have imagined Hopkins would be so quick on his feet, but it does him no good. Swooping, you shout an incantation, and though he tries to yell a spell of his own, his power is no match for yours. Your fire devours him completely. You land, setting the grass aflame, while he shrieks in agony. Jarobaal finishes him with a blow to the gut, and you feel his life force ebbing away.


The two students are even less trouble. Yfrigge catches one by the leg and tears it off, then in short order does the same with his other limbs. He screams for death and she obliges, breaking his neck without a word. The other, you realize, is John Keating. He mutters something and sends a a rush of wind at you, but it barely rustles your wings. You remember the time you fled instead of fighting him. It seems tonight is your chance for vengeance here, too, and you dispatch him with a spell you found in an old Russian book. He sinks to his knees, his skin turning blue, and then one by one his fingers freeze and fall off, then his nose and ears. By the time the cold takes his life, his eyes are crusted over with frost.


Jarobaal and Yfrigge gaze in wonder at your true form. "My lord," the girl says, and Jarobaal joins her in a bow. Their deferrence is intoxicating, but you have not forgotten about the battle. You see that Dr. Thewliss now fights with one two students at his side against the minotaur, whose enormous axe cannot quite catch the tiny man, though he is not nearly as quick as he was before. Chancellor Fogg has defeated one of your daemons, but Anumun, Seria, and three others still press him close, and you can tell the old fool is faltering.


You order Jarobaal and Yfrigge to finish off Dr. Thewliss while you head for Fogg. His long beard is smoldering, though you can't tell if it's from a daemon's attack or the sheer power he's wielding. You do not fear the man, and you are eager to test yourself and to destroy him. Seria sees you coming, and her smile is ravishing, those dark lips so beautiful beneath the moon. You stride to her side and pull her close for a kiss. She rubs against you and purrs. "You have changed, my love! No one can stand against you now."


Your hands roam over her body, Fogg quite forgotten. "But I am yours, always yours, and you are always mine."


You hear a cry. Lignor has finally caught Thewliss, the old wretch split in half by his huge blade. The students break, fleeing in different directions, and the minotaur and his daemons give chase. You and Seria watch with pleasure as your allies run the first one down and break his skull, but your joy turns to anger when Fogg, his beard now nearly burned away, manages to vaporize Anumun the raksha. Now you must finish what you have started.


You begin to chant, and for the first time you feel the Chancellor's aura directly. He is powerful, but you know you are stronger. He is merely human, and you are an angel. You cannot resist goading, even if it breaks off your spell. "Am I the first angel you've fought, or were you the one who killed my mother"


"You are no angel!" the old man shouts, his breath labored. "You are a daemon and a master of daemons, and your kind will all be destroyed!"


Typical daemonologist nonsense, and his words only inflame your anger. You can feel your power prevailing over his. It is almost over, just a few more words. You only need to keep up your focus, and the old fool will be dead and your mother's murder avenged.


Suddenly Seria shouts "My love!"
> You finish Fogg
This is your moment of triumph, and even love will have to wait. You complete the spell, and the old man gives one last gasp. His body shrivels up like a raisin, tinier and tinier until it fades into nothing. You feel stronger than you've ever felt and a little angry that there are no more enemies to slaughter.


The feeling does not last, however, as something strikes your side at that moment. You look down to find a silver spear, its tip jagged and cruel. Your flesh is cut and blood pours out, but the burning is far worse, a cold fire that starts in the wound and radiates out in horrible pulses. This cannot be, you think, for you are an angel, and silver is only poisonous to daemons.


You watch as Seria charges towards your assailant, and you dimly recognize him as the student who fled from Lignor's blade. He must have escaped, but the blasted man did not know it would be better to stay away. Seria makes short work of him, tearing open his chest with her teeth and feasting on his heart while you try to remember a healing incantation. It is very hard to think with this vile cold in your side. You try to pull the spear out, but the barbs catch on your flesh and make you want to scream.


Seria is at your side once more, her breath hot on your skin, but even that cannot keep you warm. "Come closer, my love," she whispers, and you try to obey. She holds you tight, though the silver must pain her too, and when her tears come they fall like hot rain on your flesh. She kisses you, one long, last kiss, and faintly you taste berries and wine. The rest of the world dies away. There is only Seria, her lips and her eyes and her warmth.


She keeps holding you long after your life fades, keeps bringing her lips to meet yours and burying her face in your chest. "You are mine," she murmurs again and again, "and I am yours."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Even from the sky, you can see that there are bodies strewn everywhere, many more than the number of professors. It seems that the students, or at least a good number of them, joined in the defense of the College. You feel no pity. Quickly you survey the enemies, pleased that your forces have already slaughtered most of your mother's murders. Dr. Thewliss and five or so students are clustered in one corner, Dr. Hopkins and two are in another, and in the center of it all, Chancellor Fogg stands alone.


Each battles several daemons, though you note with displeasure that their ranks have thinned, too. The minotaur Lignor and a few others face Thewliss' band while viper-headed Jarobaal and Yfrigge, still wearing the guise of a young girl, fight with Dr. Hopkins. The Chancellor has the most enemies- Anumun the raksha, four daemons you don't recognize, and Seria, her flaming eyes shining brighter than the stars above. Chanting in many languages mixes with howls and shouts of pains, while knives and bundles of herbs fly in all directions. The combatants' auras mix too, and it's hard to tell which battle needs your direct attention most.


Since Hopkins is the closest, you glide down to finish him off. The stooped man wields a silver saber, its blade flashing as it twirls. Jarobaal has a spear, and the two are locked in an intricate dance. You would never have imagined Hopkins would be so quick on his feet, but it does him no good. Swooping, you shout an incantation, and though he tries to yell a spell of his own, his power is no match for yours. Your fire devours him completely. You land, setting the grass aflame, while he shrieks in agony. Jarobaal finishes him with a blow to the gut, and you feel his life force ebbing away.


The two students are even less trouble. Yfrigge catches one by the leg and tears it off, then in short order does the same with his other limbs. He screams for death and she obliges, breaking his neck without a word. The other, you realize, is John Keating. He mutters something and sends a a rush of wind at you, but it barely rustles your wings. You remember the time you fled instead of fighting him. It seems tonight is your chance for vengeance here, too, and you dispatch him with a spell you found in an old Russian book. He sinks to his knees, his skin turning blue, and then one by one his fingers freeze and fall off, then his nose and ears. By the time the cold takes his life, his eyes are crusted over with frost.


Jarobaal and Yfrigge gaze in wonder at your true form. "My lord," the girl says, and Jarobaal joins her in a bow. Their deferrence is intoxicating, but you have not forgotten about the battle. You see that Dr. Thewliss now fights with one two students at his side against the minotaur, whose enormous axe cannot quite catch the tiny man, though he is not nearly as quick as he was before. Chancellor Fogg has defeated one of your daemons, but Anumun, Seria, and three others still press him close, and you can tell the old fool is faltering.


You order Jarobaal and Yfrigge to finish off Dr. Thewliss while you head for Fogg. His long beard is smoldering, though you can't tell if it's from a daemon's attack or the sheer power he's wielding. You do not fear the man, and you are eager to test yourself and to destroy him. Seria sees you coming, and her smile is ravishing, those dark lips so beautiful beneath the moon. You stride to her side and pull her close for a kiss. She rubs against you and purrs. "You have changed, my love! No one can stand against you now."


Your hands roam over her body, Fogg quite forgotten. "But I am yours, always yours, and you are always mine."


You hear a cry. Lignor has finally caught Thewliss, the old wretch split in half by his huge blade. The students break, fleeing in different directions, and the minotaur and his daemons give chase. You and Seria watch with pleasure as your allies run the first one down and break his skull, but your joy turns to anger when Fogg, his beard now nearly burned away, manages to vaporize Anumun the raksha. Now you must finish what you have started.


You begin to chant, and for the first time you feel the Chancellor's aura directly. He is powerful, but you know you are stronger. He is merely human, and you are an angel. You cannot resist goading, even if it breaks off your spell. "Am I the first angel you've fought, or were you the one who killed my mother"


"You are no angel!" the old man shouts, his breath labored. "You are a daemon and a master of daemons, and your kind will all be destroyed!"


Typical daemonologist nonsense, and his words only inflame your anger. You can feel your power prevailing over his. It is almost over, just a few more words. You only need to keep up your focus, and the old fool will be dead and your mother's murder avenged.


Suddenly Seria shouts "My love!"
> You turn
Still chanting, you whirl away from the Chancellor and look at your love. Seria runs towards you, pointing out into the darkness, and when you glance that way you notice a figure, his arm cocked back and something in his hand. Seria flies past you, teeth bared, and arrives to tear out the man's throat a moment after the spear leaves his hand. It whistles through the air, silver tip gleaming beneath the moon, and you easily leap aside.


Fogg, meanwhile, has regained a little breathing room in your battle. He pulls something from his pocket, a tiny bundle, and even through the confusion you can smell its sickening odor. He hurls it towards you, pitifully weak and inaccurate, but the old bastard makes it burst with a quick word, sending a shower of herbs in all directions. Some lands on your skin and seems to sink in, burning and rotting the flesh away wherever it touches. You want to itch, to tear the hateful stuff out, but you focus on the task at hand. You recognize the scent as rosemary and lavender, though you can't imagine why it would smell so foul or burn your skin.


The Chancellor's little trick may have bought him some time, but you know that your victory is inevitable. When a handful of your daemons try to join in the fight you hold them back. This is your kill. Seria's smile, her lips still dripping with the spear-thrower's blood, makes you forget the pain.


Fogg draws a great shuddering breath, his shoulders heaving. He looks twenty years older, and he was not, of course, a young man to begin with. Still, he refuses to give up the struggle, still muttering softly and making complex signs with his hands. While you're half-curious to learn about this way of casting spells, you've grown tired with the old man. You raise you voice, chanting the final words of his doom, and you feel his aura contract, shiver, and finally fade away. He is at your mercy.


A few more words send him soaring a hundred feet into the air. He hangs among the stars for a moment, limbs dangling absurdly, and then you let him fall. The grass muffles his crash, but it could not stop his scream, the dying gasp of an ancient wretch. Yfrigge checks the corpse. "He is dead," she says triumphantly. Your daemons begin to howl and stomp their feet, but you pay them no mind. There is only one who matters, and you can feel her breath upon your neck and her hands upon your skin.
> You time passes...
The bed is lovely. You are quite comfortable underneath your blanket, and moonlight has just begun to stream through the window. Perhaps there are bats twittering somewhere far away, but you don't pay much attention to anything. Everything is soft and warm, and though you hardly need to sleep these days, you are happy to indulge your lover when she is in this mood.


Then there is something against your lips. It is soft and warm too, and you smile. Your mouth is full of sweetness and the taste of great ripe blackberries. You picture them hanging on the bush, gleaming dark on a summer day. Now it is like wine, and now like honey.


The thing against your lips pushes a little harder, and the flavor grows stronger. The taste of the wine alone is intoxicating, driving you mad, and then it changes to blood. You remember how they died, first the professors who murdered your mother, then the students who would have learned to be murderers too. There have been many since then, daemonologists across Britain and Europe, foolish sorcerers among the pagans, even the odd and unlucky traveller who wanders across your home. You like to picture the bloody deaths the most, and none more than Peter Aubrey's, the boy who was your friend, the boy who tried to keep you from your lover. His throat poured blood like a river, and the thought never fails to excite you. For it was his blood that awakened your mother's in your veins, his blood that made you what you were meant to be. It does not matter that men call you daemon and not angel- you are your mother's son, and you are powerful beyond measure. You bite down suddenly, hard, your teeth drawing blood from your lover, and she moans in ecstasy.


Sprawled across your body is a woman with purple lips, so purple they seem almost black. Seria gazes back at you, her eyes full of hunger, her body heaving with desire. You cannot spend another moment reminiscing about the good times of the past, you cannot even think. You only look at her beautiful face and those lips. You watch her spread a pair of vast silverly wings around you, and you unfurl your own until you are locked together in a close embrace. "I am yours," you whisper.


She rubs her hand across your chest. "You are mine, and I am yours."


Then, blood on both your lips, she bends forward and gives another kiss. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>He wears a tattered cloak, and even at night you can see how pale and gaunt his face is. It is Peter.


"What are you doing here?" you ask.


He stops, trying to catch his breath. "I arrived from London this evening and woke when I heard the explosions and screams. Half of Covingsford must be awake by now too, though I don't blame them for staying in their beds. What on Earth has happened?"


You look at your friend. He has a little silver knife, the kind you might use for practice in Dr. Young's class. You find you cannot lie. "Daemons are attacking the College, daemons I summoned." You see the shock on his face and continue. "I do not have time to explain everything, but the daemonologists are evil, more evil than the spirits they fight. They killed my mother, Peter, murdered her because she was an angel, and I won't let them escape justice."


He runs a hand through his hair. "Who killed your mother?" When you admit you don't know, he takes a step towards you. "I believe you, but this cannot be the best way to have justice. From the sound of it, the daemons are killing every professor here and a fair number of students too. Most of them probably had no part in your mother's death."


"They protected whoever did kill her. They broke bread with a murderer, and they're all guilty of a dozen crimes besides. Do you think everyone killed in America is a true rebel, Peter? No, but when you live and work with criminals, you have no cause for complaint if you get caught up in their punishment."


"Then this is vengeance and no justice."


You laugh. "You may call it what you will. It does not concern you, however, and I have no wish to see you dead. Go back to your bed. Go back to London and your Lizzy, and I swear no daemon will follow."


"It's her, isn't it? Your succubus. You must listen to me, as your friend- she cannot be trusted. For God's sake, she's a daemon!"


You throw the punch before Peter finishes the word. He stumbles back to his feet after a second, nose smashed. "Go," you say, turning around. You only make a few steps before he finishes a spell. A jolt of electricity arcs from his fingers into your back, and you swear. It seems you are not the only one who practiced advanced magic in secret, though you can tell your friend is no match for you.


"I do not want you dead!" you shout, but Peter has already released a second spell, this one a jet of green flame. "Stop!"


"I will not," he grunts, and sends yet another jolt of electricity. You knock it away with a word, and he frowns. He must know that this fight is hopeless. You mutter another incantation and he is forced to the ground. He rises unsteadily and, seemingly empty of magical power, resorts to throwing a rock. "You'll have to kill me," he cries, his sallow face alive with determination and a hint of fear. His eyes have the familiar metallic glint. "Or bring your daemon bitch to do it for you."


Now you are truly angry, and it does not help when Peter throws his knife and nicks your arm. You can feel your aura growing, and twenty or more curses spring into your head. You could boil him with the water vapor in the night sky above or tear him down the middle without a second thought, you're sure of it, and none of his brilliance will save him.


"You're her slave," he yells. "I'm your best friend, and you're going to kill me for her. You'd best get it over with, I wouldn't want her to get impatient with you."
> You spare him
"You're her slave." The words don't make a difference at first, but something about them stops you from blasting Peter away. Bullock thought you were a daemon's slave, and your other professors all warned against daemonic manipulation. You remember how Seria sent you dreams, how she came and gave you slow drops of knowledge, always mixed with sensual pleasure. You look down at your friend, your brilliant, stubborn friend, his hand scrabbling in the dirt for another rock. If he says something, you should listen.


"I'm not possessed," you say slowly.


Peter nods. "Certainly not. But you can be a slave in effect if not by nature. Remember Aristotle's distinction between substance and accidents?"


The reference is so absurd that you laugh, and more than anything that makes you certain that you will not kill him. How could you have even thought of doing so? He is your friend, and he is only trying to keep you from killing a great many innocent people. He laughs too, and you release him from your spell with a wave of your hand. "Tell me everything," he says, and you do, horrible as it is. 


Your stomach drops as you describe what you have done. Your own father is dead at your hand, as are Coghill and the other professor. Faber, Young, and God knows how many others are dead because of you, and the daemons are still rampaging through the College grounds. Perhaps they have even overcome Dr. Fogg by now. Maybe one of them killed your mother, or maybe not, but Peter is right. This is not justice, it is only butchery.


You find it hardest to talk about Seria. You cannot hate her like you now hate the other daemons you summoned, no matter what she has done. You touch the mark on your cheek and remember her words. You are hers, and she is yours. It is sheer madness, but perhaps you can stop her, convince her to leave everyone else alive. 


"I need to go. Perhaps I can stop them," you say.


"Not by yourself," Peter adds. You want disagree but know there's nothing short of death that could dissuade him, and you've already ruled that out. You set out for the main battle, hoping that it isn't too late. Peter limps a little, which you solve with a simple healing prayer, and together you make your way through the moonlit paths of Covingsford College.
> The battle is fierce
And it rages in the heart of campus, the great open field in front of the library. There are bodies strewn everywhere, many more than the number of professors. It seems that the students, or at least a good number of them, joined in the defense of the College. Dr. Thewliss and five or so students are clustered in one corner, Dr. Hopkins and two are in another, and in the center of it all, Chancellor Fogg stands alone. 


Each battles several daemons, though you see that their ranks have thinned, too. The minotaur Lignor and a few others face Thewliss' band while viper-headed Jarobaal and Yfrigge, still wearing the guise of a young girl, fight with Dr. Hopkins. The Chancellor has the most enemies- Anumun the raksha, four daemons you don't recognize, and Seria, her flaming eyes visible even from far away. Chanting in many languages mixes with howls and shouts of pains, while knives and bundles of herbs fly in all directions.


Hopkins is closest, and you run to relieve him first. Peter shoots another green flame, which distracts Jarobaal enough to let the professor deal him a mortal blow with a saber. You would never have imagined the stooped man would be so quick on his feet, but he wastes no time exulting in the victory. Even alone, Yfrigge is dangerous. When she sees you she frowns. "Twice traitor."


Seemingly without effort, she knocks all her other enemies back and begins walking towards you. Hopkins is the first to recover, and he starts to chant, but her defenses must be very strong. You add your power to his, and all the while she is coming closer and closer. You back up, still chanting, but she shows no sign of weakening. You can see a vein on Hopkins' neck- it looks ready to burst. Fumbling in your pockets, you look for something, anything that you could thrown, but there is nothing. She is three yards away, one yard, one foot.


Suddenly one of the other students launches himself at her, and they go tumbling together into the grass. He has nothing but a rock, but he makes good use of it, bashing her skull open and flattening it for good measure. Yfrigge screams long after a human being would have died, but the rock and you and Hopkins' chanting is enough to defeat her. You watch as her body sinks into the ground. A little essence oozes out and gets carried off the by the wind. Yfrigge's assailent clambers up off the ground. It is John Keating, scraped and glowering but very much alive. "Kind of you to join us," he grunts.


The rest of the battle still rages. Dr. Thewliss now fights with only two students at his side against the minotaur, whose enormous axe cannot quite catch the tiny man, though he is not nearly as quick as he was before. Chancellor Fogg has defeated one of the daemons, but Anumun, Seria, and three others still press him close, and you can tell the old titan is faltering.


Hopkins, Peter, and the others run to aid Dr. Thewliss while you head for Fogg. His long beard is smoldering, though you can't tell if it's from a daemon's attack or the sheer power he's wielding. Seria sees you coming and smiles, those dark lips so beautiful beneath the moon. It nearly makes you change sides again, but you are stronger now. You mouth a spell, one you encountered scribbled in the margin of an old Greek translation of an Egyptian manuscript, and one of the other daemons yelps. His scaly wings begin to convulse, covered in what looks like a moving blanket, and soon the pain reaches the rest of his body. The other daemons stop a moment to watch the thousand scarab beetles devour him, which gives Dr. Fogg the chance to strike one down with a sudden, blazing light.


You hear a cry. The minotaur finally caught Thewliss, his body split in half by the huge blade. The others circle him, wary of being next, but Lignor just bellows and keeps swinging.


Seria stalks towards you, every motion seductive and terrifying. If she was frightening before you fell in love, that is nothing compared to the fear you feel now. Her eyes are no longer like fire. They are dark and beautiful. Her chest heaves, and you realize she is crying. "You betrayed me."
> You speak
Seria is strong, perhaps stronger than you even at the best of times and certainly after everything that's happened. With a bitter laugh you realize she was wrong- your mother's blood never awakened, not after any of the stresses of this night. If it had you might have a chance in combat, but as it is you will have to hope her love for you is real.


"I am yours," you whisper, trying to block out the noise and excitement of the battle which swirls around you. She keeps walking towards you, and you stand your ground. You study her features, the face that haunted your dreams and then became real. The lovely eyes and lips, her flawless skin and hair. Even now, with the corpses of your professors and fellow students littering the ground, you cannot believe she is pure evil. A bit from Saint Augustine floats into your mind, something about how evil has no positive nature. It is only a vacuum, emptiness without light or love. Looking into Seria's eyes, you hope against all reason that there is something there.


She stops about a foot away, though the space feels like miles. "You are mine," she says at last. "How could you forget that?" There is a moment's pause and then she is in your arms, her tears falling like rain and burning your skin. It is all too much. The pain, her scent, and your love. "You are mine, and I am yours."


With Seria holding your face in her hands and your arms wrapped around her, you lose all awareness of the battle that surrounds you. All that matters are her tears, and you begin to cry too, knowing you have failed her. She stands with you, love holding love, while the remnants of the daemonic army are destroyed around you. She does not fight. You kiss her forehead, and she kisses your chest, and you do not notice Fogg, his beard nearly all burned away, approaching to land the final blow. She snaps your neck and gives you one last kiss, her dark lips pressed against your lifeless ones.


"You are mine, and I am yours," she murmurs again, and then, still holding you close, you depart together for oblivion.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>And it rages in the heart of campus, the great open field in front of the library. There are bodies strewn everywhere, many more than the number of professors. It seems that the students, or at least a good number of them, joined in the defense of the College. Dr. Thewliss and five or so students are clustered in one corner, Dr. Hopkins and two are in another, and in the center of it all, Chancellor Fogg stands alone. 


Each battles several daemons, though you see that their ranks have thinned, too. The minotaur Lignor and a few others face Thewliss' band while viper-headed Jarobaal and Yfrigge, still wearing the guise of a young girl, fight with Dr. Hopkins. The Chancellor has the most enemies- Anumun the raksha, four daemons you don't recognize, and Seria, her flaming eyes visible even from far away. Chanting in many languages mixes with howls and shouts of pains, while knives and bundles of herbs fly in all directions.


Hopkins is closest, and you run to relieve him first. Peter shoots another green flame, which distracts Jarobaal enough to let the professor deal him a mortal blow with a saber. You would never have imagined the stooped man would be so quick on his feet, but he wastes no time exulting in the victory. Even alone, Yfrigge is dangerous. When she sees you she frowns. "Twice traitor."


Seemingly without effort, she knocks all her other enemies back and begins walking towards you. Hopkins is the first to recover, and he starts to chant, but her defenses must be very strong. You add your power to his, and all the while she is coming closer and closer. You back up, still chanting, but she shows no sign of weakening. You can see a vein on Hopkins' neck- it looks ready to burst. Fumbling in your pockets, you look for something, anything that you could thrown, but there is nothing. She is three yards away, one yard, one foot.


Suddenly one of the other students launches himself at her, and they go tumbling together into the grass. He has nothing but a rock, but he makes good use of it, bashing her skull open and flattening it for good measure. Yfrigge screams long after a human being would have died, but the rock and you and Hopkins' chanting is enough to defeat her. You watch as her body sinks into the ground. A little essence oozes out and gets carried off the by the wind. Yfrigge's assailent clambers up off the ground. It is John Keating, scraped and glowering but very much alive. "Kind of you to join us," he grunts.


The rest of the battle still rages. Dr. Thewliss now fights with only two students at his side against the minotaur, whose enormous axe cannot quite catch the tiny man, though he is not nearly as quick as he was before. Chancellor Fogg has defeated one of the daemons, but Anumun, Seria, and three others still press him close, and you can tell the old titan is faltering.


Hopkins, Peter, and the others run to aid Dr. Thewliss while you head for Fogg. His long beard is smoldering, though you can't tell if it's from a daemon's attack or the sheer power he's wielding. Seria sees you coming and smiles, those dark lips so beautiful beneath the moon. It nearly makes you change sides again, but you are stronger now. You mouth a spell, one you encountered scribbled in the margin of an old Greek translation of an Egyptian manuscript, and one of the other daemons yelps. His scaly wings begin to convulse, covered in what looks like a moving blanket, and soon the pain reaches the rest of his body. The other daemons stop a moment to watch the thousand scarab beetles devour him, which gives Dr. Fogg the chance to strike one down with a sudden, blazing light.


You hear a cry. The minotaur finally caught Thewliss, his body split in half by the huge blade. The others circle him, wary of being next, but Lignor just bellows and keeps swinging.


Seria stalks towards you, every motion seductive and terrifying. If she was frightening before you fell in love, that is nothing compared to the fear you feel now. Her eyes are no longer like fire. They are dark and beautiful. Her chest heaves, and you realize she is crying. "You betrayed me."
> You fight
You cannot let her come any closer. You do not trust yourself, not if she leans in to kiss you or lets her fingers dance across your body. Even now, you realize, you cannot bear to see her so sad. You want nothing more than to comfort her, to kiss those lips again, and to spill the guts of Fogg, Peter, and anyone else who stands in your way onto the winter ground.


Backing up, you try to think of any spells that might be effective. Seria is powerful, and she knows you very well, which means you're unlikely to surprise her. Thinking over everything you've seen, you decide that physical force is your best hope, though it is a small hope indeed. With no other weapons, you throw a punch. Lightening fast, she seizes your wrist and breaks it. You fall to the ground, clutching your arm, trying to force out the words of a healing spell. Seria stands above you, magnificant and terrible, and her tears fall like rain and burn against your skin.


"You are mine," she says softly. "And you betrayed me."


"I am yours," you echo, "and you are mine." She looks down, and you gaze into her eyes. Slowly, painfully, you try to rise, try to press your lips against hers. When she does not move, you whisper "I am sorry."


She remains still, and then her tears stop. Her eyes begin to blaze, brighter than you have ever seen them before, but you cannot move. Seria brings her hand to your cheek, to the rose emblazoned there. Suddenly she grabs your hair. "You are mine, and you betrayed me," she snarls. "And there can be no apology." With a great roar she tears your head from your neck, blood spurting up into her face, and throws it far off into the darkness. She licks the blood from her lips, eyes burning and full of hate, and turns to the battle. Victory may be out of reach, but she can still kill many before she too is killed.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Life has never been so good. Each day you work greater and greater magic, though still in the confines of your room, and nearly every night Seria comes to reward you. You feel guilty about it, sometimes, having so much pleasure when your mother's killers still breathe, but you know that you must have patience. Your anger no longer burns quite so hot against the professors, perhaps because you release a lot of energy during the night. The other daemons are almost convinced, and you are almost strong enough to summon them.


This is, you learn, your essential role in Seria's plan, and so you've been studying the basics of summoning in secret. Each of the spirits was banished long ago by one of the professors, which explains their willingness to risk destruction for revenge. It takes someone with more power than the banisher to reverse that kind of magic, and she believes you are close. Thankfully, one of the spells you've come across lets you dimly sense another's strength, though it is not exact. Chancellor Fogg is the only daemonologist who could certainly best you. Dr. Hopkins is powerful too, as are a few professors you don't know well. The others are pitiable weak, substituting useless knowledge for their lack of natural strength.


Speaking of Hopkins, he and Peter are the only people that keep you from complete allegiance to Seria's plan. You don't care at all if innocent professors are slaughtered. They sheltered your mother's killers and probably did similar things themselves. You don't even mind if some students are killed, though Seria assures you that your allies have no interest in doing so unless the students try to resist their attack. You hope Peter will not, but you aren't sure how to warn him without raising his suspicions. Hopkins is the one professor whom you wish did not have to die. He has always been kind to you, and he doesn't seem to have the same attitude as the others, the attitude that you now find so hypocritical. If he has to die, so be it, but you'd like to find a way to spare him.


Thewliss is in a way the worst of them all. You find it hard to believe you once respected him and felt grateful when he gave you the ankh. His lectures are full of what you now recognize as sanctimonious nonsense. To hear him tell it, spirits have been oppressing mankind since the dawn of time, and daemonologists have defended them. You've done a little reading of your own and know now that the truth is very different. Your mother's murder is only one of many through the ages, innocents killed by overzealous daemonologists. Soon she will be avenged, and all the others too.


Still, the matter of Peter and Dr. Hopkins preys on your mind. There must be some way to explain what's happening, some way to get them to see reason. You need to act quickly, however, since Seria's been hinting that the attack will come quite soon. Last night she told you she won't be back for a few days. Apparently there's one more spirit to convince, a mighty raksha in Bengal who Bullock encountered during a brief job protecting the East India Company. This should give you a chance to warn them, but who should you speak to first?
> You dr. Hopkins
Seria promised that students would not be targetted, and you trust her. Hopkins, though, is one of the strongest professors at the College, and unless you can convince him to flee will surely be killed. You aren't sure it will work, but you must try.


You wait through practical metaphysics the next day, trying and failing to think of anything but the truth that will convince dr. Hopkins. As the students file out, he is still pacing back and forth, genially saying goodbye. It is curious that this stooped, kindly man would have such power, probably even more than you, but you know it won't be enough to fight off the daemonic army Seria is gathering.


"Well my boy, another excellent demonstration of magic prowess. Sprouting flowers from seeds is a difficult thing, but once again you had no trouble. I'd better watch my back with you around, or else the Chancellor will send me packing and hire you straightaway." He stops pacing and chuckles. "Or perhaps you're too busy with that succubus to care much about employment. I haven't heard you mention her in a while, has she finally found someone better to pursue, or did you tire her out?"


You decide to be direct. None of the stories you rehearsed are convincing, and Hopkins is a clever man. "Sir, there's going to be an attack on the College."


His smile immediately drops away. "When?"


"I'm not sure precisely, but soon. There won't be any chance of victory, the daemons are too strong and too numerous. If you leave, though, you can survive."


Hopkins stares at you a moment, lost in thought. Finally he asks "How do you know?" He keeps muttering to himself as you answer. You hadn't expected the news to rattle him so deeply, but perhaps he isn't as powerful as you thought.


You take a deep breath. "My succubus hasn't abandoned me. She's gathering forces into an immense army, and they'll utterly destroy everything in their path. But I don't want you..." Your body suddenly locks in place, your mouth still open.


Hopkins grimaces. "I'm sorry, my boy, but I could never flee while the College is in danger, and I could never let you side with a daemon against us. Why did you do it, why did you listen to her? It's probably my fault, filling your head with all that nonsense about the pleasures of the succubi and even giving you that protective charm. Never thought you'd actually be enslaved. I'll say it again, I'm sorry, but I must take you to the Chancellor."


You try to protest, try to explain that you are not enslaved and that the daemonologists deserve everything that they will get, but your body stays motionless. Hopkins mutters another spell and you begin to float behind him, out the door and building and to Chancellor Fogg's office.
> You meeting Fogg
Hopkins does not bother knocking and barges right through the Chancellor's door. He is at his bookcase, but as soon as he sees you enter walks calmly over. "Dr. Hopkins, I presume there is a very good explanation for this intrusion? Is that young Latimer?"


You try to protest but are reduced to simply hoping Seria will arrive in time, just as she did with your father. Hopkins quickly explains everything, how you are almost certainly in league with a succubus to destroy the College. You never thought he cared much, but it seems you greatly overestimated his cynicism and unorthodoxy. Hopkins does admit his share of blame, but Chancellor Fogg silences him with a quick motion of his arm.


"This is quite serious, the most serious offense a daemonologist may commit. It is far beyond my jurisdiction. It is a matter for the King and the courts, and it is to London that you will go. But first I would hear your side of the story."


Since Hopkins immobilized you, your anger has been building, and you are in no state to explain why you've done what you've done. Instead, as soon as they unbind your face you begin shouting every invective you can think of, raining down curses on them both and ranting that all daemonologists are murderers and hypocrites. Needly to say this does not help your case, and the Chancellor soons tires of it and renders you motionless once again.


Once he realizes your power, Fogg decides it would be best to escort you to London himself, and you leave at once. The journey is an uneventful carriage ride, though you're certain he must have given the horses a little extra speed by magic. He does not release the binding spell until you're safely in a jail cell designed specifically for magical criminals. The bars are silver and laced with glyphs and intricate designs, and you find that none of your spells do the slightest good. Once again you can only hope Seria can find you and arrives in time.


You go to court the next day, bounding in a netting of silver cord. You can feel it choking your aura, preventing any magic. Fogg and Hopkins both testify against you, and you do not bother to speak in your defense. Seria is your only chance now. You are swiftly found guilty and sentenced to hang at Tyburn.


Justice is quick, and your sentence is carried out the next day. The crowd is pleased to watch the hanging of an evil sorcerer, though you barely notice them. Your eyes are scanning the sky for any sign of your succubus, your eyes listening for the sound like rushing wind. Even when they place the noose around your neck, you are convinced she will save you. It is only in the instant of death, as your body falls and your neck mercifully snaps, that you realize you have utterly failed. Your mother's death stays unavenged. Perhaps Seria will manage to succeed, even without you, for all you can do now is rot in a common criminals' grave.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You stare into her dark eyes. The words do not make sense. No one murdered your mother, she died from eclampsia right after you were born. If anyone killed her it was you, but you know that kind of talk is only foolishness. Seria stares back for a long time and then, in a low voice, adds "the daemonologists."


Your father gives a great cry, but you do not hear him. The daemonologists could not have killed your mother, they are sworn only to fight against evil spirits, against daemons, never against angels. It is impossible, absurd, unthinkable.


"No," you say, shaking a little, "it cannot be. Not the daemonologists I know."


Seria grabs your hand and holds it, tight. "The daemonologists who said I must be a monster but who gave you nothing but bits of metal to defend against me? Who fight among themselves and care more about prestige and little quarrels than with protecting the innocent? They care only for status, only for prestige and power, and your mother had plenty of power."


Her words are like knives, but as you gaze into her eyes they make terrible sense. You do not want to believe them, you want her to be quiet, but she continues. "They must have sensed her aura for a long time, living so close to the College, even if she tried to hide. But the birth was difficult, and so, when you were only a few days old and healthy, she ventured out into the countryside for a walk, perhaps to clear her thoughts, to enjoy the sunshine and the grass. I imagine she hated to stay cooped up indoors. That's where they caught her, and that's where they killed her, leaving you, just born and already all alone in the world, to fend for yourself."


Your father struggles to his knees and clutches at your leg. "She was killed, but you were not alone, my son. You had a father..." Seria catches him with another slap, and he falls to his back. You share in her surge of anger. You had no father, or as good as none. When did he care, when did he speak to you or tell you anything about your mother or your heritage? How can he try to claim innocence when he chose some whore over his own wife?


But your father will not stay down. "She was killed, my angel was murdered, but..." With a sudden roar, Seria slams her elbow into his neck. He gives a horrible gasp and lies still for a few seconds, but somehow rises again, looking nearly dead. You cannot listen to any more of his words. He would not give them until Seria came, why should he have the chance to say them now?
> You resist the urge
Your father's face is cut and bruised all over, several of his teeth lie scattered on the floor, and he can barely open his eyes. His great bulk trembles behind him, and every breath causes immense pain. You stare down, and slowly your anger dissolves. You feel no pity, though, merely disgust. This the man whose disapproval you feared for all those years, the man who your angelic mother chose to marry?


"Let him speak," you say, your voice flat. Seria looks at you, one perfect eyebrow raised, and for a second you think she will finish your father off right there, but then she nods.


It takes nearly a minute for him to regain his voice, and when it comes it is a hideous croak. "It was only one man, not a pack. His name was Hopkins." This shocks you more than anything you have heard. Genial Hopkins, joking Hopkins, the one professor who did not assume Seria must be evil. It is preposterous, the last daemonologist who would do such a thing.


"You...you must be mistaken."


Your father shakes his head and continues. Seria's eyes are fixed on him, her face unreadable, though you notice she is slowly flexing her fingers. "It was Hopkins, the one with the back bad, and it was an accident. A tragedy. You must understand, my son, that he had to act quickly. A daemon had escaped from the College, a powerful fiend, and Hopkins had no time to track it down. I will not pretend to understand his magic, but your mother must have been caught by whatever spell he used."


"Then why does he still live?" Seria asks suddenly. "If you knew it was Hopkins all along, why have you avenged your wife?"


"I did confront him!" your father cries, "And that was how I learned it was a tragedy and not an act of evil. I...I tried to do as your mother would have, though I confess my bitterness still poisoned my heart. I have never trusted the daemonologists as I ought, not since that awful day, and I have not truly forgiven Hopkins, though I pray for the strength to do so each night. I...my son, you must believe me, the man was a wreck himself with the knowledge of what he had done!"


Curious then, if Hopkins felt such guilt, that he would not say a word about the matter to you. You watch your father babble, and the disgust grows. How could he live just minutes from your mother's killer and do nothing but pray? When you turn away, Seria understands immediately, and you gaze up at your mother's portrait while she beats his skull against the remains of the desk. He failed you, you whisper, but I will not.


When the deed is finished, Seria's eyes glitter like black pearls, and she grabs your shirt with bloody hands. She pulls you close, her voice deep and husky.  "Take me. Now."


You obey, and soon you both have shed your clothes. Bodies locked together, you feel her, hot all over, and it makes you forget everything you have learned these past minutes. Those darks lips are everywhere, and everywhere they touch burns with a cruel and insatiable fire. Your lusts burn together, and it seems nothing could ever quench them.


You last longer than the night before, and when you finish she purrs contentedly. Lazily playing with the strands of her hair, your eyes drift to your father. His face is unrecognizable. Truth be told, it is hardly a face anymore, just a pile of blood and brains. The sight is sickening, but you master your nerves. You did not exactly desire his death, even after everything you learned, but now that it is done you do not feel guilty. He was an adulterer, and against your mother. He let you think her death was your fault, let you join the College and learn from the very man who murdered her, let killer live and made excuses for his evil. Your father's sin probably drove her out of the house in the first place, drove her to her death. You can feel your mother's eyes watching from her portrait and are filled with a sudden rage. Death is too good for the fat old bastard, and with a great roar you begin to pummel his lifeless form.


Seria lets you go for a minutes and then grabs your arm. "Enough. Save your hatred and wrath, we will need them both. This man disgraced your mother and mistreated you, but the one who killed her lives and breaths. I doubt he even remembers the deed." You nod, fully intent on marching straight to the College to slaughter Dr. Hopkins or die trying, but she keeps speaking. "No, young one, you are not strong enough, not yet. Your mother's blood gives you great power, but it will only bear fruit in time. If you strike now it will be in vain, and the wretch will add another of our family to his list of murders."


"Our family?"


She smiles. "Yes, cousin. Amelia was my aunt, my mother's sister. The divide between angels and daemons is not sharp. What does it matter that my mother chose the darkness and yours the light? Blood is what matters, and revenge against the ones who spill it." Suddenly she bends forward and bites your ear, just enough to get a few drops of the stuff. It is barely visible on her lips, but you could hardly miss the way she licks it off.


"Return to the College. Continue with your studies until everything is ready. Rest assured, soon it will all be in place, and together we will avenge your mother. I will visit often, for I know I will not be able to resist tasting you again. You are mine, and I am yours." Seria gives you one last kiss, and then she is gone.
> You time passes...
Mrs. Littlethwaite returns a few hours after Seria's departure, wizened arms laden with food from the market. When she sees your father's body, you do not even have to lie. "Business was not going well, and I feared his debts had grown, feared he had gone to thugs and criminals. What is to become of us now?" she wails. You do your best to comfort her, a little shaken that his death would cause such a reaction, but you feel no remorse. His actions were as bad, no, they were far worse than what you did.


Charles returns a few days later to take possession of the house and full control of the Latimer business interests. If he is at all affected, he does not show it. His analysis is sober. "Father made a string of bad investments, and then some ill fortune compounded the problems. He was too stubborn to listen to my advice, and I suppose he thought he could handle his creditors. But what's done is done. With luck they'll catch the killers, and in time I will rebuild our family's reputation and wealth." You also learn that your father gave Simon his notice a week before, another casulty of his bad investments. Charles assures you that your tuition will still be paid. "We are not so desparate as that."


Christmas comes and goes, a somewhat solemn holiday. Charles returns to London most of the time, so you are left alone with Mrs. Littlethwaite. You speak of little things, your studies at the College and her relations in Norwich, but the sight of your father's body seems to have rattled her quite severely. You spend a great deal of your time in your room reading, or walking else walking with Mrs. Littlethwaite around the town and countryside in the crisp air and snow. You've taken to picturing your mother's death during these walks, imagining Dr. Hopkins casually waving his arm and sending forth the spell, imagining how she must have fallen somewhere nearby, caught alone and unaware. You do not doubt that it was an "accident," that Hopkins did not deliberately hunt your mother down, but that does not dull the anger. He should have been more cautious, not so indiscriminate in his magic as to kill an innocent woman. His intentions matter very little- he is guilty. Sometimes you are not certain you'll be able to wait for Seria's plan, the rage is too strong. Despite her promise, she does not return. You can be patient, however, since her absence means your revenge will come quicker.


Come January you return to your lodgings in the College dormitory. Classes are much more interesting, now that you've learned the theory and the basics, though Hebrew is still a dull slog. Peter is a day late, and when he returns he is thrilled to tell you that he and Lizzy are engaged. "It will have to be a long engagement," he admits, "but her father is no longer opposed. No more secret meetings, unless perhaps I need a strong distraction form my studies." You are pleased for your friend, the first real happiness you have felt in a while, aside from picturing the moment when you Dr. Hopkins lies at your feet, finally paying for what he did.


Those fantasies are, unsurprisingly, particularly severe during practical metaphysics. You want to interrupt Hopkins and ask him why he did not take the time to kill only his target, why he has not apologized or even mentioned your mother's name during all the months you've known him. Perhaps he really has forgotten, or perhaps he thinks that your father's pathetic forgiveness means the matter is ended. The illusion is shattered, and you now loath the man who was once your favorite professor. His little jokes are vile, and his serious lectures are even worse. How dare he prattle on about fighting evil after what he did. Your opinion of all your professors has soured somewhat, too. They must have known what he did, and yet they worked with him as though he were an innocent. You do not hate them, as your hate is reserved for Hopkins alone, but you cannot respect them as you did.
> You hatred does not keep you from learning, though...
And after a few weeks, you are surprised and pleased to learn that your practical metaphysics class will now cover basic magic. Dr. Hopkins stresses the dangers of this sort of thing, but that doesn't do much to dampen the general enthusiasm. "You'd better be sure your Latin pronounciation is good, or you'll end up looking worse than me," he cautions. You force a laugh along with the others and watch him chuckle at his little joke. Still, you can put up with a thousand such japes if it means you can learn true magic, and you laugh for real when you picture using Hopkins' own teaching against him.


Working real magic is complex, and it is only after a week of study that you get the chance to attempt it. You've used the occaisional prayer in your Practicum, of course, but this is different. Hopkins explains how, eventually, some of you will be able to use magic to make light and fire, to calm storms, and, most important, to defend against daemons. You have to bite your lip to keep from shouting at the last one- would he really call your mother's murder an act of defense? The first task is simple, the prayer short. You are each given a small red candle and told to light it. Everyone chants the same words, but the results are quite different. For most, nothing at all happens. A few, including Peter, produce a bit of smoke, but yours bursts immediately into a plume of fire nearly a foot high, burning your fingers a little.


Hopkins is thrilled. "Marvelous work, my boy, marvelous!" You can't help but feel that the praise is over-generous, as you're sure your ability just comes from your mother's blood and not from any work on your part. Still, it's exciting. If you could do this on your first try, how powerful will you be when your angelic heritage is fully manifest? You wonder if Hopkins will be quite as pleased when it is head head that you set aflame and not a candle.


Peter is a good sport and congratulates you, and you realize this is the first time you've really excelled. It's annoying that Hopkins insists on devoting the next month to similar tasks, trifles like filling a cup with water or making a bell ring without touching it. Still, you can be patient, though you decide you'll head to the library to find some more books of magic. There's no reason you can't do a little advanced work now, just to see how far your power stretches.


It takes a while for you to find the right section in the cavernous building, but you are well-rewarded once you do. Spoiled for choice, you spend nearly an hour pulling books from the shelves at random, fascinated by everything you could try. You end up bringing half a dozen to your room, where they join the more mundane works on mathematics, Hebrew, and the like.


You flip through the pages until something catches your eye. It's a prayer to make inscriptions permanent, recorded by a monk named Clement in Britanny in the 13th century. Apparently he used it to keep his most prized manuscripts pristine, which makes you laugh a bit. You take a piece of charcoal and fix the design on your chest, making sure it is exactly as it should be. Then you begin the incantation. "Domine Deus..."


There is prickling sensation on your chest, but it only lasts a few seconds. When you've finished the spell, you try to rub away the charcoal pattern and are pleased to see that your fingers cannot even smudge the lines. A glow of pride fills you, and you eagerly search for another incantation to attempt. You find a curious one in a very ancient scroll, nearly falling apart. It's written in Hebrew but bears the intriguing title "To Awaken What Sleeps," and with the aid of your dictionary you puzzle out its full meaning. The Hebrew is complex, but you're fairly certain that your first thought was correct. This should unleash your angelic heritage, should bring forth all the power you've inherited from your mother. Revenge against Hopkins would be within your grasp, and perhaps Seria would sense the change and return.


Of course, your Hebrew is not perfect, and magic is always a bit unpredictable. Still, without risk there can be no reward, and you could always stop chanting if something goes wrong.
> You perform the spell
You've grown tired of waiting, and if this will give you the power to defeat Hopkins, then you must attempt it. Your mother's blood is a precious inheritance, after all, and you dishonor her by leaving it dormant and useless. You read over the incantation a few times silently, making sure your pronounciation will be perfect, though you are not much worried about making a mistake. That much, at least, you managed to learn from Faber.


"Ha'am hazzeh hara hamme'anim lishoa et-devarai, haholechim bishrirut..." you begin, the words flowing easily despite their unfamiliarity. "Lahem vihi lo tishma'uaha..."


You do not feel any change, but that hardly means that the incantation is not working. You continue, letting your mind focus completely on each syllable. It is not long, and with the final "tivkeh-nafshi mippenei gevah" you are finished. There has still been no change, apart from a pang of annoyance. It was unlikely to work at all, you suppose. Perhaps one of the original letters has worn away completely during the long centuries, or perhaps the magic was never really effective, just an interesting experiment or rhetorical flourish.


Then you hear something, a dull thundering that does not stop. If it is a storm, it must be the most ferocious storm you have ever witnessed. Your puzzlement grows when you realize that the sound is coming, not from outside, but from directly below your feet. It grows louder and louder, and the room begins to shake. The old scroll falls off your desk, and then your books do. It is all you can do to avoid being knocked to the floor as you clutch the wall, but this does not help when the wall itself begins to crack.


You make a split second decision to run for the stairs, meeting up with a number of other students, faces terrified, who are doing the same. You stream out of the dormitory, dodging falling bricks and bits of wood, to find that the ground outside is quaking too. The noise is painfully loud, and as you watch, the dormitory finally collapses in on itself and crashes to the ground. The rubble is only still a moment, however, before something huge bursts from the debris. Everyone tries to run while the gigantic figure stands upright, flexing its huge arms and nearly blotting out the Sun. It looks something like a man, but the features are hideous and out of proportion and, of course, it stands at least fifty feet tall. You are transfixed, wondering in silent horror what you have done, what you have awakened.


The thing notices you, the only person who has not fled, and regards you through its seven bulging eyes. "I am Beelzebub," it rasps, "and now I am free." You do not have much time to be terrified or to guess at what this might mean for the world, since it reaches down, snatches you up in one mishapen hand, and devours you with its cracked and blackened teeth.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>And after a few weeks, you are surprised and pleased to learn that your practical metaphysics class will now cover basic magic. Dr. Hopkins stresses the dangers of this sort of thing, but that doesn't do much to dampen the general enthusiasm. "You'd better be sure your Latin pronounciation is good, or you'll end up looking worse than me," he cautions. You force a laugh along with the others and watch him chuckle at his little joke. Still, you can put up with a thousand such japes if it means you can learn true magic, and you laugh for real when you picture using Hopkins' own teaching against him.


Working real magic is complex, and it is only after a week of study that you get the chance to attempt it. You've used the occaisional prayer in your Practicum, of course, but this is different. Hopkins explains how, eventually, some of you will be able to use magic to make light and fire, to calm storms, and, most important, to defend against daemons. You have to bite your lip to keep from shouting at the last one- would he really call your mother's murder an act of defense? The first task is simple, the prayer short. You are each given a small red candle and told to light it. Everyone chants the same words, but the results are quite different. For most, nothing at all happens. A few, including Peter, produce a bit of smoke, but yours bursts immediately into a plume of fire nearly a foot high, burning your fingers a little.


Hopkins is thrilled. "Marvelous work, my boy, marvelous!" You can't help but feel that the praise is over-generous, as you're sure your ability just comes from your mother's blood and not from any work on your part. Still, it's exciting. If you could do this on your first try, how powerful will you be when your angelic heritage is fully manifest? You wonder if Hopkins will be quite as pleased when it is head head that you set aflame and not a candle.


Peter is a good sport and congratulates you, and you realize this is the first time you've really excelled. It's annoying that Hopkins insists on devoting the next month to similar tasks, trifles like filling a cup with water or making a bell ring without touching it. Still, you can be patient, though you decide you'll head to the library to find some more books of magic. There's no reason you can't do a little advanced work now, just to see how far your power stretches.


It takes a while for you to find the right section in the cavernous building, but you are well-rewarded once you do. Spoiled for choice, you spend nearly an hour pulling books from the shelves at random, fascinated by everything you could try. You end up bringing half a dozen to your room, where they join the more mundane works on mathematics, Hebrew, and the like.


You flip through the pages until something catches your eye. It's a prayer to make inscriptions permanent, recorded by a monk named Clement in Britanny in the 13th century. Apparently he used it to keep his most prized manuscripts pristine, which makes you laugh a bit. You take a piece of charcoal and fix the design on your chest, making sure it is exactly as it should be. Then you begin the incantation. "Domine Deus..."


There is prickling sensation on your chest, but it only lasts a few seconds. When you've finished the spell, you try to rub away the charcoal pattern and are pleased to see that your fingers cannot even smudge the lines. A glow of pride fills you, and you eagerly search for another incantation to attempt. You find a curious one in a very ancient scroll, nearly falling apart. It's written in Hebrew but bears the intriguing title "To Awaken What Sleeps," and with the aid of your dictionary you puzzle out its full meaning. The Hebrew is complex, but you're fairly certain that your first thought was correct. This should unleash your angelic heritage, should bring forth all the power you've inherited from your mother. Revenge against Hopkins would be within your grasp, and perhaps Seria would sense the change and return.


Of course, your Hebrew is not perfect, and magic is always a bit unpredictable. Still, without risk there can be no reward, and you could always stop chanting if something goes wrong.
> You wait
There is no need to be rash, and staking your life on your knowledge of Hebrew seems a good way to lose it. The day is not over yet, so you leave your room and head for Dr. Faber's office, rotting scroll in hand. You try to think of a convincing story, but there's probably no need. Faber has no reason to be suspicious, and he'll probably treat the scroll as nothing more than a vaguely interested grammatical problem.


You are startled to hear someone's low voice singing through his office door, and even more startled when you realize the words are German. You knock tentatively and the singing stops. "Come in," Faber calls, and you do. He looks at you sheepishly and then grins. "Vun of ze songs of my land," he explains.


You nod, just happy that he seems to be in a good mood. "Sir, I came across this scroll while doing some research for practical metaphysics, and I couldn't quite make out the Hebrew."


Dr. Faber takes it and scans the faded letters. A look of concern comes across his face. "Zis scroll should be destroyed!" he yells suddenly. "Vat sort of library vould leave such a thing lying about?" He beckons you closer and points to each word as he explains. "Zis is a curse, a most terrible curse, to avaken ze horrors zat sleep far beneath ze Earth. Ze great devils, ze strongest daemons. Baal himself, perhaps, or Asmodeus, but zere are others too. Zese...zese are evil vords." He stares at the scroll for a moment and then promptly tears it to shreds. When he is finished he casts them into his fire. "Now ve are safe," he declares.


Speechless, you simply nod again. "I thank you," Faber says seriously. "Vere it not for you, zat scroll might be found by anozer, vun who vould be mad enough to actually use it!" He shakes his head and you depart, a little disconcerted at how close, if your professor is to be believed, you came to unleashing a true catastrophe upon the world. As you walk away, Faber beings to sing again. Though you cannot understand the words, his voice is sad. "Ich hab die Nacht geträumet wohl einen schweren Traum, es wuchs in meinem Garten ein Rosmarienbaum..."


His voice echoes through the corridor around you and makes you miss Seria. It is strange how easily a bit of music can change the mood, but now all you want is for her to return. Even revenge is forgotten, if only for this moment, as Dr. Faber's sweet, melancholy melody makes you dream of your succubus.
> You that night
Seria pays you a visit, and you wonder if she could sense your longing. She notices the magic on your chest immediately, though she seems happier that you had the power to do it than at the spell itself. "Your strength grows, young one, and it will grow stronger by far. It is intoxicating. Bind me, take me, ravish me!" Her voice changes to a moan and she tears away her thin robe. You are more than happy to obey, all traces of your sadness and your near-disastrous mistake forgotten, though you don't require any magic to throw her onto the bed, nor to ravish her. You get little sleep.


After a few hours Seria decides she's in the mood for conversation, though her hand is still working lazily below your blanket. "They are almost convinced. It will only be a little longer now, and then we can strike."


"They?" you ask.


"My allies, powerful spirits. This Hopkins is a strong spellcaster and clever, and we will have to be strong and clever too if we want to punish him. He has wronged many of my kind, many of our kind in the past, and there are no shortage of daemons who are eager to aid in his demise. And, now that you have begun to use magic, there is little doubt your angelic blood will awaken soon. I can afford to come back to you, I need to come back, perhaps even every night."


Her words surprise you a little. Your mother must be avenged, of course, but can you really let a daemonic horde into the College? "And these daemons, they will only kill Hopkins?"


"He will be the main prey, but if others join in the fight, they too must be destroyed. The daemonologists tend to stick together, at least against spirits, so I suppose at least some will try to help him. After all, they protected him for years after he killed my aunt."


You nod, satisfied with her answer. "Very well, but between you and the other daemons, I'm not certain what role I'm meant to play in this plan. I've only just begun to learn magic, and I am certainly no match for Hopkins."


Seria laughs and gives you a kiss. "Your modesty is adorable, but I want you to know your true power. Hopkins is strong compared to most men, but he would have no chance against you, not once your mother's blood shines forth. None of the professors would. You might even be able to vanquish him before your blood awakens. Hopkins and the others, they are learned about some things- dead languages and moldy books, but we are speaking of raw power. Of strength. Of will. Of domination. Of hunger." She gives another moan and you decide that the time to talk is over. There is little doubt that you both have a great deal of hunger, and you do your best to satisfy it in the hours until dawn.


She departs just before sunrise, promising to return when it is dark. You say goodbye with one last squeeze and she laughs again. You laugh too and think about Peter and his Lizzy. Love comes, it seems, in different forms.


The day passes quickly, your mind quite unable to focus on Hebrew grammar and the like. As soon as your classes end you hurry back to your room to practice more magic, and soon you can make small objects levitate, shatter glass with a flick of your finger, and produce food from thin air. It takes you a few tries to perfect some of the more advanced spells, but focusing on Hopkins and your revenge has a wonderful was of focusing the mind.


Before you know it, Seria is back, and you spend this night in much the same way as you spent the previous one. If this is how your life will be while you wait to avenge your mother, you can hardly complain, with days spent gaining strength and nights spent in Seria.
> You time passes...
Life has never been so good. Each day you work greater and greater magic, though still in the confines of your room, and nearly every night Seria comes to reward you. You feel guilty about it, sometimes, having so much pleasure when your mother's killer still breathes, but you know that you must have patience. Your anger no longer burns quite so hot against Hopkins, perhaps because you release a lot of energy during the night. A cool hate has taken its place, and you know that this will serve you better than fury and madness. Seria has almost convinced the other daemons, and you are nearly strong enough to summon them.


This is, you learn, your essential role in Seria's plan, and so you've been studying the basics of summoning in secret. Each of the spirits has some particular grudge against Dr. Hopkins- he banished them from their favored haunt or thwarted their efforts to ensnare someone. It is distasteful to rely on daemonic allies, but you know it is necessary. One of the spells you've come across lets you dimly sense another's power, though it is not exact, and Dr. Hopkins is still likely strong enough to best you. Chancellor Fogg is the only one who you're sure is stronger, and the others are pitiable weak in raw talent. So you must summon the daemons, bloodthirsty and unpredictable as they are, and hope that no innocents choose to die alongside the guilty one when you finally get your revenge.


Seria assures you that your allies have no interest in killing anyone but Hopkins, and you trust her, though you know they will defend themselves with lethal force if any professors or students join the fight. This causes you a bit of worry, particularly for your friend Peter. He is brave and determined, precisely the sort who might rally to Hopkins' side. There is no way to warn him without giving up the entire plan, however, and so you decide that you must rely on stealth. If you can lead the daemons to Dr. Hopkins' home in the middle of the night, with a little luck no one will even know he is dead until morning. There is no need for a real battle and the destruction of innocent life which it would necessarily entail.


You know the moment is coming, and soon, so after practical metaphysics on day you strike up a conversation with Hopkins, hoping he will walk home. His conversation is revolting, full of jokes about other professors and Seria, but you lie and laugh your way through, and he is none the wiser. You walk out of the grounds and through Covingsford, the streets full of people. Many bow to the professor, which you do your best to ignore, and eventually you end up at a little house on the outskirts of town, just where the north road opens up to fields and a little copse of trees. You do not see or sense any obvious magical defenses, but you have no doubt there are there, cleverly hidden and ready to kill or capture any intruder.


Dr. Hopkins shakes your hand before entering his home. "Be careful out there, my boy," he says, his voice a little more serious than usual. "There are dangerous beings that walk this world, dangerous even to the most learned daemonologist." He regards you for a second and then adds, his voice jocular once again, "and one of them haunts your bed, does she not?" With a final wink he opens his door and leaves you alone to meander back to the College.


Peter meets you by the great iron Gates, his face even paler than usual, clutching a letter. "Lizzy is sick," he mumbles, his voice different than you have heard before, soft and with a slight tremor. "Her father writes to bid me return to London. I...I fear the worst." This is enough to drive all thought of revenge from your mind, and when Peter asks you to accompany him to the metropolis, you agree immediately.


Grim as it seems, the timing is perfect- last night Seria told you she won't be back for a few days, perhaps even a week. She wants to hold a meeting with all the daemons, to smooth over any rivalries or disagreements they may have with each other so that everything goes well when you summon them. You should have no trouble making it to London and back, keeping Peter's mind from dark imaginings, and perhaps you can convince him to stay a little longer so that he misses your attack.


Quickly, you gather you things and meet Peter again at the Gates. He has already contracted a carriage, and, less than an hour after he received the letter, you are off.
> You to London
The journey to London is uneventful, and you do your best to keep Peter's mind focused on happier things, or at least on anything that might serve as a distraction. You talk of magic and literature, of mathematics and politics, of the entrance of the French into the war with America. Peter talks of London, of its cathedrals and castles, the narrow streets lined with every imaginable shop and bursting with men and women. He is astounded to learn you have hardly spent a week in the capital during the entire course of your life and immediately sets out to educate you on everything you have missed as an ignorant provincial. You are happy to indulge him.


"And set into the dome are great statues of the Church Fathers- Saint Augustine, Saint Basil, Saint Jerome, and all the rest. The dome is magnificent, designed by Wren in the Continental style, of course, and built after the Great Fire. The building itself is cruciform, a Latin cross, though Wren had original planned for arms of equal length. My dear man, are you quite serious that you knew none of this?"


Your ride passes quickly, and the countryside changes slowly to the outskirts of the great city. Soon you are in its heart and disembark, bags in hand, for Lizzy's home. It is on St. Martin's Lane, above neat shop with a brass sign reading "Mr. Thomas Norrell, Bookseller." Mr. Norrell turns out to be a well-dressed older man with enormous spectacles. He embraces Peter, a gesture which clearly catches your friend by surprise, and ushers you both upstairs.


You wait in the corridor while Peter speaks to his fiancee. Mr. Norrell strikes up a conversation about, naturally enough, books, and you spend the next twenty minutes discussing the comparative merits of various Hebrew dictionaries and editions of the Greek classics. His eyes keep darting from your face and to his daughter's door, and when Peter emerges he rushes at once to grab his hand. "How does she seem?"


Your friend leads you a little ways from the door and then responds. "She is better than I dared to hope, and when she speaks her thoughts are perfectly lucid, though her voice is very weak. But she tells me she cannot keep down food, and her face is so terribly pale." He runs a hand through his hair. "I am no doctor, sir. What do the physicians say?"


Mr. Norrell explains that he has had three doctors examine Lizzy, and each made a different diagnosis. But two, he says quickly, are quacks, and he has decided to follow the recommendations of the third. He turns to you. "She is starved for company. Peter will help a great deal with that, but if you would sit and talk to her awhile it would do a world of good." You nod and walk into her room, not sure exactly what to expect, as Peter and Mr. Norrell continue to discuss the situation.


Even through the illness Lizzy is beautiful, her golden hair strewn messily across the pillow, her blue eyes undimmed by the disease. You quickly introduce yourself and she smiles. "Peter's friend," she says softly. "I have heard about you from him, and now I would like to hear about him from you, and about everything at the College." She motions towards a chair, and you sit. Peter was right, her mind is not at all affected, and she asks intelligent questions about everything you say. Before you realize it, you have explained quite a lot of daemonology, about practical metaphysics and history and the relevance of mathematics.


Eventually Mr. Norrell and Peter join you. "It is time to sleep," her father says quietly, and Lizzy nods. Peter takes your place by her side and holds her hand, and you get the sudden feeling he is about to cry. You are not a very religious man, but now you pray silently to God not to take this woman from your friend, not to leave him without his love. 


Mr. Norrell accompanies you out and leads you to a spare room. "My wife and I had many children," he explains, "but death has claimed them all. All but my Lizzy." You try to think of something to say, but before you can he gives a stiff bow and departs. You sit on the bed, wondering whether death will visit this house again while you are a guest. You cannot bear to just sit and wait; now you are the one who needs a distraction. Perhaps a walk would do you good, though it is well past twilight. Mr. Norrell also has no shortage of reading material, though you doubt there is anything engrossing enough to take your mind off Lizzy's illness.
> You walk
No, a book will not distract you, not tonight. London is the greatest city in the world, and surely something in it will catch your attention. You slip out of the bookshop and draw your cloak close against the chilly wind. There are still a good many people about, walking quickly about their business, lingering outside taverns, or begging anyone who will listen for a coin. You set off south, thinking that a walk along the Thames would be just what you need.


It works splendidly, and after a few minutes, you stare out into the great river, twinkling with boats' lights and moving slowly in the darkness. It makes you think of the night Seria first appeared in the flesh, the night she claimed you as her own. How curiously afraid you were, how ignorant and confused! You thought the rose on your cheek was a mark of slavery or worse, but now you know it is a sign of love, a love no less real than the one that Peter and Lizzy share.


You wish Seria would find you here, alone amid the London crowds. You imagine the scene- the sound of her wings like the rushing wind, her face, beautiful and pale, as she walks towards you. You embrace, your lips meet. The people would scatter at the sight of her, as frightened as you were that first time. Your thoughts become fantasies as you picture Seria's body, and you do not feel the cold air anymore.


A voice from behind, low and raspy, breaks through your reverie. "Your purse, dreamer, or your guts will feed the fishes tonight." You feel a blade against your stomach and see the hairy arm that clutches it wrapped around your body. Glancing around, you realize with a jolt that you have wandered far from any part of the city you recognize. No one else is around, no one but you and the rasping man with the knife.


It takes you a moment to remember the words, but as soon as you can you begin muttering an incantation. It will teach the thug a lesson, you think, when you knock him back a hundred yards and break every bone in his body. Unfortunately for you, the cutpurse has dealt with daemonologists before, and he recognizes the danger in your words at once. He is quick and efficient, disemboweling you and then rifling through your cloak for coins. You watch the steam rise from your organs in the dim moonlight, the last thing you ever see, and it makes you think of Seria's face, so white and lovely.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The journey to London is uneventful, and you do your best to keep Peter's mind focused on happier things, or at least on anything that might serve as a distraction. You talk of magic and literature, of mathematics and politics, of the entrance of the French into the war with America. Peter talks of London, of its cathedrals and castles, the narrow streets lined with every imaginable shop and bursting with men and women. He is astounded to learn you have hardly spent a week in the capital during the entire course of your life and immediately sets out to educate you on everything you have missed as an ignorant provincial. You are happy to indulge him.


"And set into the dome are great statues of the Church Fathers- Saint Augustine, Saint Basil, Saint Jerome, and all the rest. The dome is magnificent, designed by Wren in the Continental style, of course, and built after the Great Fire. The building itself is cruciform, a Latin cross, though Wren had original planned for arms of equal length. My dear man, are you quite serious that you knew none of this?"


Your ride passes quickly, and the countryside changes slowly to the outskirts of the great city. Soon you are in its heart and disembark, bags in hand, for Lizzy's home. It is on St. Martin's Lane, above neat shop with a brass sign reading "Mr. Thomas Norrell, Bookseller." Mr. Norrell turns out to be a well-dressed older man with enormous spectacles. He embraces Peter, a gesture which clearly catches your friend by surprise, and ushers you both upstairs.


You wait in the corridor while Peter speaks to his fiancee. Mr. Norrell strikes up a conversation about, naturally enough, books, and you spend the next twenty minutes discussing the comparative merits of various Hebrew dictionaries and editions of the Greek classics. His eyes keep darting from your face and to his daughter's door, and when Peter emerges he rushes at once to grab his hand. "How does she seem?"


Your friend leads you a little ways from the door and then responds. "She is better than I dared to hope, and when she speaks her thoughts are perfectly lucid, though her voice is very weak. But she tells me she cannot keep down food, and her face is so terribly pale." He runs a hand through his hair. "I am no doctor, sir. What do the physicians say?"


Mr. Norrell explains that he has had three doctors examine Lizzy, and each made a different diagnosis. But two, he says quickly, are quacks, and he has decided to follow the recommendations of the third. He turns to you. "She is starved for company. Peter will help a great deal with that, but if you would sit and talk to her awhile it would do a world of good." You nod and walk into her room, not sure exactly what to expect, as Peter and Mr. Norrell continue to discuss the situation.


Even through the illness Lizzy is beautiful, her golden hair strewn messily across the pillow, her blue eyes undimmed by the disease. You quickly introduce yourself and she smiles. "Peter's friend," she says softly. "I have heard about you from him, and now I would like to hear about him from you, and about everything at the College." She motions towards a chair, and you sit. Peter was right, her mind is not at all affected, and she asks intelligent questions about everything you say. Before you realize it, you have explained quite a lot of daemonology, about practical metaphysics and history and the relevance of mathematics.


Eventually Mr. Norrell and Peter join you. "It is time to sleep," her father says quietly, and Lizzy nods. Peter takes your place by her side and holds her hand, and you get the sudden feeling he is about to cry. You are not a very religious man, but now you pray silently to God not to take this woman from your friend, not to leave him without his love. 


Mr. Norrell accompanies you out and leads you to a spare room. "My wife and I had many children," he explains, "but death has claimed them all. All but my Lizzy." You try to think of something to say, but before you can he gives a stiff bow and departs. You sit on the bed, wondering whether death will visit this house again while you are a guest. You cannot bear to just sit and wait; now you are the one who needs a distraction. Perhaps a walk would do you good, though it is well past twilight. Mr. Norrell also has no shortage of reading material, though you doubt there is anything engrossing enough to take your mind off Lizzy's illness.
> You book
There is no need to go wandering around London in the middle of the night, courting trouble. You venture downstairs into the shop and peruse for a few minutes. You decide on a handsome new edition of Pope and carry it back to your room. He is hardly your favorite poet, but you think perhaps it will help you sleep. You are quite correct, and halfway through his Essay on Criticism you nod off, just before he warns that "fools rush in where angels fear to tread."


Breakfast is an uncomfortable meal, and neither Mr. Norrell nor Peter has much to say. You speak to Lizzy for a few minutes, and she appears unchanged, but you spend most of the day exploring the great city. St. Paul's Cathedral is awe-inspiring, as is Westminster Abbey, and you do not disdain from gawking like the most rustic peasant.


When you return in the evening, the entire atmosphere of the house has changed, and you sense it the moment you set foot inside. Mr. Norrell seizes your hand and shakes it energetically. "She has kept down her breakfast, she has kept down her breakfast all day!" he repeats, his face shining. Peter smiles too, and you do not find sleep nearly as hard to come by as the night before.


The next day is still better. Lizzy kept down her supper and has quite an appetite this morning, and when you go in to speak with her, her face is noticeable rosier and her voice not nearly as weak. She still cannot stand, but everything in time. Another day goes by and the improvement is even more marked. Mr. Norrell pronounces it a miracle brought on by Peter's presence; there is no trace of the enmity you know he once had for your friend. By evening all the doctors concur. She will live.


Peter insists you return to Covingsford now that the danger has passed. "You have missed many classes already, and I thank you. I'll follow soon enough." He leans in for a conspiratorial whisper. "The wonderful old man has promised we shall wed in June. In June!" He beams, happier than you have ever seen him.


Your ride home is dull, as your companions in the carriage are two rather deaf women who sleep the entire way. You quickly make up for the lessons you've missed- Dr. Bullock shouts at you a little, but your other professors are all quite understanding. 


Two more days pass without Peter or Seria returning. Your magic is stronger than ever, as you learn during a walk in the countryside when you send a sudden bolt of lightening from the clear sky. You are thrilled, however, when Seria finally surprises you while you're asleep, waking you up in a very interesting way. You spend a while on pleasure and then turn to business, though you can't resist playing with her body a little while you talk.


"Everything is in place. We need to strike now," she says, her suddenly serious tone quite a change from her earlier moans. 


"Tonight?"


"Yes. Our allies are not as patient as you and I, and if you don't summon them now they may move on to easier prey."


You consider it. "Hopkins is strong, but I believe I am stronger. The danger is that others join him, that we do not eliminate him without notice. Even with the daemons, I doubt I can handle more than a few at once, and the Chancellor is far more powerful than I."


"Do not worry, my love. Even if every daemonologist in England joined your mother's killer, it would only add to your strength. The bloodier the combat, the greater chance your angelic blood will awaken, and when that occurs you will be unstoppable." She gives you a deep kiss, and you spend another couple minutes distracting yourselves from the work ahead.


Finally she pulls away and grabs a piece of charcoal. It is time. You take the charcoal and begin to draw the summoning circle. The time you have waited for is nearly here, and you swallow your distaste at what you must do to avenge your mother.
> The summoning
You have come across many different summoning procedures during your research, though you've decided to use a simple one originally created by the Cathars. Seria stands on the other side of the circle, ready to tell you the different names of each daemon you will call up. You have the incantation written somewhere among your notes, but you're confident you know it by heart.


"Quid sum miser tunc dicturus, quem patronum rogatorus, cum vix sit securus..." you intone. The charcoal lines begin to glow with dim blue light. "Ingemisco tamquam reus, culpa rubet vultus meus supplicanti parce..."


Seria's eyes are locked on your own, and you stare right back. You are hers, and she is yours. Together you will do what should have been done years ago. A flicker of fear seizes you, not fear for today but for the future. How long can you continue as a student at the College while the love of your life is a daemon? Someday, perhaps, you will have to choose, and you cannot say what your choice will be. Whatever happens, you know she will stand by your side, first to kill Hopkins and then against whatever tries to keep you apart.


"Propet hoc lugebit terra et infirmabitur omnis qui daemoniat..." Seria has a hungry look on her pale face, and the circle's lines are now very bright. It is time to call the first spirit.


"Lignor," she murmurs, and you repeat the name. The air inside the circle ripples like water, and slowly something like pale green fog begins to swirl. You continue chanting as it coalesces, growing larger and larger, and then all at once the daemon is fully there. He is a minotaur, nearly seven feet tall with curling horns and broken teeth. He bows slowly and steps outside the circle.


"Propet hoc lugebit terra et infirmabitur omnis qui daemoniat..." you chant methodically once more. This time the daemon is Nephilaxet, who would look like a perfectly ordinary merchant if it were not for the two long, curving scars that stretch from each side of his mouth to his ears. Then he smiles wide, and you notice that his gums are bright red. He too bows and takes his place beside Seria and Lignor.


Then Jarobaal, who has the head of a great viper, Semkhapu the sphinx, and Spulliso, who has no face at all, only a terrible blankness, deathly white, where eyes and the rest should be. You soon lose track of the names and each one's particular monstrous appearance, though a few, like Yfrigge, who looks for all the world like a timid, frightened six year old girl, manage to stand out. Each one bows and joins the others, watching as you call forth more and more. Last of all is Anumun, a raksha covered from head to foot with a tiger's fur and stripes, and when he bows, you see that his tail is a cobra.


Then it is done. Seria nods, and you mutter the final words of the summoning. Your eyes flicker from one daemon to the next. The room is quite full, and you guess that there are at least two dozen spirits inside. It seems excessive, far more than you need to eliminate Dr. Hopkins. Each one is staring back, and it is with a jolt that you realize that you, not Seria, are their leader. It is you who must keep them from devouring the hundreds of innocents who sleep in the College and in Covingsford.
> You speak...
Though you are not entirely sure where the words are coming from. "Tonight we will gain revenge on Dr. Hopkins. From the moment I met him, he tried to worm his way into my sympathies with jokes and a facade of kindness. I am ashamed to say it nearly work. It would have worked if it were not for Seria, for she told me the truth. Hopkins murdered my mother, a powerful spirit, and he has wronged each of you too. Tonight we will make him pay for what he has done."


It is a simple enough speech, but it seems to inspire the daemons. "We will follow you, great spellcaster," Jarobaal says. It is disconcerting to hear good English come from a snake's head, not to mention to receive obedience from a daemon, but you just nod. The others give their assent too, and Seria comes to your side.


Her voice is forceful and her face wears a sneer as she speaks of the enemy. "Hopkins is asleep in his bed, so and if fortune favors us he will be dead before he wakes. There is a chance, however, that he will raise the alarm, and then we will have a true battle on our hands." She squeezes your hand. "The students are not to be touched at first and nor are the other professors, though if they attack you may of course slaughter them. But it would be better to put the fear of daemons into their veins, to teach them never to oppose us."


You whisper a quick spell, and your window vanishes without a sound. The daemons leap out at once and you follow, commanding the wind to soften your landing. You lead them slowly from the grounds and into the streets of Covingsford, watching for any sign of trouble, but there is none. The town is silent and deserted at this time of night, and only the stars and the vast moon above witness your daemonic army on the march to Dr. Hopkins.


About halfway there, you begin to notice some muttering between two daemons near the back of your column, their voices carrying easily in the quiet. Semkhapu the sphinx seems to be arguing with the raksha Anumun, her voice nearly a hiss. "We follow where he leads and kill his target first. Then, and only then, will we settle all our other unfinished business."


Anumun growls, unable to keep his voice low. "I have waited long enough for my revenge. Bullock must die, I must feel his life petering away as his blood pools at my feet. We hardly need so many to defeat one man, no matter how strong." They go back and forth for a while, oblivious that you are listening. The other daemons can clearly hear them too, and from the looks on many of their faces, they are of the same mind as Anumun. You realize that Seria did not tell the whole truth- these spirits have little interest in Hopkins, at least most of them; they are here for their own private grievances, probably against every professor at the College.


Seria, watching you, leans in close to whisper. "They are strong and rebellious, but you are stronger by far. You can master them, make them fear and respect you. It is the only way to kill Hopkins." You nod, trying to decide how to persuade a band of daemons to follow your orders against their instincts.
> You use fear
You stop and turn to face your horde. They gather around you in a semicircle, their eyes roaming to the houses and shops that line the street, no doubt wondering which you will attack. Taking a deep breath, you speak, your voice admirably confident. "We have a ways to travel yet, but there is something I must say. Some of you, it seems, believe that I am a man to be triffled with, that I am a mere student. You believe my orders can be disobeyed, that my direct command that no one but Hopkins should be harmed does not bind you."


"Anumun," you shout, "step forward and face me." The raksha does so, his yellow eyes gleaming wildly. "You do not think we should all attack Dr. Hopkins, do you? You want to kill Bullock instead?" He simply stares, unblinking. A little disconcerted, you continue. "I have summoned you, Anumun, and I can banish you, any of you, if you are disobedient. And I can do far worse than banish you. I can end your very lives, can make your last minutes a torture so severe that you will beg for death. Now, Anumun, will you obey, or will you be destroyed?"


The raksha keeps staring as the seconds tick by. Eventually you decide that his time is up. "Very well. You others, see what will befall all who disobey, uh." Your voice cuts out when Anumun's tail, lightening fast, strikes against your throat, the cobra's fangs sinking into your skin. You feel them pushing venom into your blood, but through the sudden agony you still manage to choke out a quick spell.


Anumun is aflame in seconds, and the fire burns purple and blue and green. His howls are horrible, and you watch him writhe upon the ground. The other daemons have fighting too, though you cannot tell who is on what side. Desparately you try to think of a spell, a prayer, anything that might help you resist the poison, but it is so hard to think. You begin to twitch and the world falls away. There is only the pain, coursing through every vein in your body, boiling your blood and melting every bit of flesh.


Slowly you stop twitching, and your body becomes immobile, though the pain does not lessen. It would take almost an hour for you to die, but as luck would have it, Seria manages to kill several of the rebellious daemons and fights her way to your side. She gazes down, and though her tears burn your skin, you cannot feel them. She raises a shaking hand and, in her final gift, tears out your throat.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Though you are not entirely sure where the words are coming from. "Tonight we will gain revenge on Dr. Hopkins. From the moment I met him, he tried to worm his way into my sympathies with jokes and a facade of kindness. I am ashamed to say it nearly work. It would have worked if it were not for Seria, for she told me the truth. Hopkins murdered my mother, a powerful spirit, and he has wronged each of you too. Tonight we will make him pay for what he has done."


It is a simple enough speech, but it seems to inspire the daemons. "We will follow you, great spellcaster," Jarobaal says. It is disconcerting to hear good English come from a snake's head, not to mention to receive obedience from a daemon, but you just nod. The others give their assent too, and Seria comes to your side.


Her voice is forceful and her face wears a sneer as she speaks of the enemy. "Hopkins is asleep in his bed, so and if fortune favors us he will be dead before he wakes. There is a chance, however, that he will raise the alarm, and then we will have a true battle on our hands." She squeezes your hand. "The students are not to be touched at first and nor are the other professors, though if they attack you may of course slaughter them. But it would be better to put the fear of daemons into their veins, to teach them never to oppose us."


You whisper a quick spell, and your window vanishes without a sound. The daemons leap out at once and you follow, commanding the wind to soften your landing. You lead them slowly from the grounds and into the streets of Covingsford, watching for any sign of trouble, but there is none. The town is silent and deserted at this time of night, and only the stars and the vast moon above witness your daemonic army on the march to Dr. Hopkins.


About halfway there, you begin to notice some muttering between two daemons near the back of your column, their voices carrying easily in the quiet. Semkhapu the sphinx seems to be arguing with the raksha Anumun, her voice nearly a hiss. "We follow where he leads and kill his target first. Then, and only then, will we settle all our other unfinished business."


Anumun growls, unable to keep his voice low. "I have waited long enough for my revenge. Bullock must die, I must feel his life petering away as his blood pools at my feet. We hardly need so many to defeat one man, no matter how strong." They go back and forth for a while, oblivious that you are listening. The other daemons can clearly hear them too, and from the looks on many of their faces, they are of the same mind as Anumun. You realize that Seria did not tell the whole truth- these spirits have little interest in Hopkins, at least most of them; they are here for their own private grievances, probably against every professor at the College.


Seria, watching you, leans in close to whisper. "They are strong and rebellious, but you are stronger by far. You can master them, make them fear and respect you. It is the only way to kill Hopkins." You nod, trying to decide how to persuade a band of daemons to follow your orders against their instincts.
> You use reason
You stop and turn to face your horde. They gather around you in a semicircle, their eyes roaming to the houses and shops that line the street, no doubt wondering which you will attack. Taking a deep breath, you speak, your voice admirably confident. "We have a ways to travel yet, but there is something I must say. Some of you, it seems, disagree as to the wisdom of our plan. You wish to gain vengeance for the wrongs done to you, not just by Hopkins but by all the daemonologists. I understand that, I who have hungered for revenge ever since I learned of my mother's murder. But we have come too far to turn back now. There is too great a danger that we will be spotted, than someone will raise the general alarm. So I say we continue to Hopkins' house, and once he is dead, we can discuss our next move." 


The daemons murmur their assent, and even Anumun gives a slow bow. You certainly haven't solved the problem, but at least it won't interfere with your primarily goal. You'll just have to think of something later to dissuade or prevent them from wrecking general mayhem on the College.


In a few more minutes you are at the house. No light burns in the window, and the nearest building is a quarter mile away. You are quite fortunate that Hopkins lives on the very edge of town. The viper-headed Jarobaal comes to your side as you gaze at the door. "I am experienced in defeating defensive charms, lord," he says, his voice just barely audible. "Let me try." You nod, and he takes your place and stares. Occasionally his thin tongue flicks from his mouth. A few minutes go by, and you are nearly ready to try something else when he draws a sharp breath. The daemon begins to murmur in a strange language that makes your skin crawl, and you watch as a thousand tiny black lines form on the door, slithering together in a pattern far more complex than the one on your chest. They are still moving when he turns back to you. "It is safe."


You lead the horde through the door, which is not even locked, and it seems that Anumun was right. None of your spirits suffers any ill effects, and so you creep up the stairs. You can hear someone snoring and follow the sound. Now that the moment of revenge is finally here, you can hardly contain your excitement. Your forces gather around the bedroom door, and you give everyone a second to get ready.


Then you give the signal, and the minotaur Lignor smashes through with his great axe. There is a scream as you lead the charge, and the room is covered in the door's splintered remains. Running to the bed, you grab the figure that lies there, the words of a terrible curse already on your lips.


But you stop when you see that it is not stooped Dr. Hopkins whose neck you are gripping. It is a mousy woman in a gray nightgown, her face terrified. It is Hopkins' wife, and you shove her back roughly. A wave of disapointment washes over you, but you soon master it.
> You question the woman
"Where is your husband?" you shout, your face only inches from hers. The daemons cluster around to hear her response with bared teeth and hideous expressions.


She does not answer, and you repeat the question again. Her mouth moves, but no sound comes out, so you wait patiently for her to regain a little courage. This goes unrewarded, however, as her eventual answer is a long and surprisingly detailed string of expletives and insults against you, the daemons, and everyone you've ever known. 


Spulliso taps you on the shoulder. His blank face means, of course, that his expression is unreadable, and when he speaks his voice is similarly flat. "I can make her talk." You have no doubt that he is right, but the sight of these daemons salivating over an innocent woman has reminded you that you are different. They seek only vengeance and to inflict more suffering, most of it on innocents like Hopkins' wife, but your revenge is true justice. Hopkins killed your mother, so you will kill Hopkins, but you will not let the blank-faced man torture this woman.


You tell him so, and he slides away calmly, but your words start off a fresh round of complaints from the others. Your suggestion that they split up and search the house buys you a little more time, but you know you will have to deal with this bloodlust eventually. It does not help that the search is fruitless. Hopkins is not at home. You stare at his wife again, choosing your words with care. "You will not tell your husband that we are hunting him. If you do, I will leave you to the tender mercies of my associates here, and you will wish I had strangled you when we first arrived." She does not answer, and you doubt the warning will do any good if she does have a magical way of contacting Hopkins, but it is better than nothing.


Once you are out of the house you turn to address the daemons again. "We need to be quick. He could be anywhere in Covingsford, but I'm almost certain he is at the College. We will break into groups and search, and hopefully each will be strong enough to defeat Hopkins if they find him. If not, signal for assistance. Remember, killing anyone else will only draw more attention." They agree and divide up, grumbling but obedient for now. You stay with Seria, naturally, as well as the girl Yfrigge and Semkhapu. The others bound away into the darkness as you lead your daemons back a different way.


You enter the College through a little-used gate in the walls you discovered one evening. It is near the library, and you are unsurprised to see that lamps and candles still burn dimly behind its windows. There is almost always someone researching inside. You did not, however, anticipate the trouble this would cause.


The sphinx darts away, sniffing the wind, and returns a moment later. "There are daemonologists inside, young ones." Semkhapu's eyes are bright, and her fangs shine in the moonlight. "They are vulnerable."


"They are students," you correct, "and they are not to be touched. We need to find Hopkins, and I think he might..."


She interrupts you with a roar. "Enough about Hopkins! If you want him dead, go and tear his head from his shoulders, but I will feast on these young ones." She regards you for a second. You only have one chance to change her mind.
> You command
"You will not attack the library, I forbid it. I will banish you if you take another step towards those students," you say quickly, running the words together. Gone is the authoritative voice you used earlier, and so you are surprised when Semkhapu listens. She does not move from her spot and gazes down at the ground. Good, you think, she is humbled.


"As I was saying, I think that Hopkins might be in his office, and if not then we can look for him at a tavern. I know he favors the Stag, but there are a few other..." Your voice trails off as you notice the sphinx pawing at the ground. Puzzled, you open your mouth to ask her what she is doing when she jumps, her powerful legs pushing her through the air and onto you. You hear Seria scream and glimpse her rush towards you, but it is too late. Semkhapu's huge jaws have locked onto your head, swallowing up your entire upper body, and with a great and sickening crunch she severs you in half.


Then she gives a screeching roar and falls back, and your frenzied brain can just barely make out Seria, holding the sphinx's spine in her hands, her face full of rage. Their screams mingle as you pass, and by the time Seria comes to cradle your head you are gone. You hope she will track down Hopkins out of love for you and tear out his spine as well, but die not knowing if your mother will ever be avenged.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Where is your husband?" you shout, your face only inches from hers. The daemons cluster around to hear her response with bared teeth and hideous expressions.


She does not answer, and you repeat the question again. Her mouth moves, but no sound comes out, so you wait patiently for her to regain a little courage. This goes unrewarded, however, as her eventual answer is a long and surprisingly detailed string of expletives and insults against you, the daemons, and everyone you've ever known. 


Spulliso taps you on the shoulder. His blank face means, of course, that his expression is unreadable, and when he speaks his voice is similarly flat. "I can make her talk." You have no doubt that he is right, but the sight of these daemons salivating over an innocent woman has reminded you that you are different. They seek only vengeance and to inflict more suffering, most of it on innocents like Hopkins' wife, but your revenge is true justice. Hopkins killed your mother, so you will kill Hopkins, but you will not let the blank-faced man torture this woman.


You tell him so, and he slides away calmly, but your words start off a fresh round of complaints from the others. Your suggestion that they split up and search the house buys you a little more time, but you know you will have to deal with this bloodlust eventually. It does not help that the search is fruitless. Hopkins is not at home. You stare at his wife again, choosing your words with care. "You will not tell your husband that we are hunting him. If you do, I will leave you to the tender mercies of my associates here, and you will wish I had strangled you when we first arrived." She does not answer, and you doubt the warning will do any good if she does have a magical way of contacting Hopkins, but it is better than nothing.


Once you are out of the house you turn to address the daemons again. "We need to be quick. He could be anywhere in Covingsford, but I'm almost certain he is at the College. We will break into groups and search, and hopefully each will be strong enough to defeat Hopkins if they find him. If not, signal for assistance. Remember, killing anyone else will only draw more attention." They agree and divide up, grumbling but obedient for now. You stay with Seria, naturally, as well as the girl Yfrigge and Semkhapu. The others bound away into the darkness as you lead your daemons back a different way.


You enter the College through a little-used gate in the walls you discovered one evening. It is near the library, and you are unsurprised to see that lamps and candles still burn dimly behind its windows. There is almost always someone researching inside. You did not, however, anticipate the trouble this would cause.


The sphinx darts away, sniffing the wind, and returns a moment later. "There are daemonologists inside, young ones." Semkhapu's eyes are bright, and her fangs shine in the moonlight. "They are vulnerable."


"They are students," you correct, "and they are not to be touched. We need to find Hopkins, and I think he might..."


She interrupts you with a roar. "Enough about Hopkins! If you want him dead, go and tear his head from his shoulders, but I will feast on these young ones." She regards you for a second. You only have one chance to change her mind.
> You kill
There is only one way to permanently solve this problem. "Very well," you say suddenly. "You may go. You may all go where you wish, and I will take Hopkins on my own." The sphinx turns, apparently satisfied, and you whisper the spell. She is yards away before you finish, but you can still hear her cries of agony quite clearly. You chose a particularly vicious incantation, and you watch Semkhapu writhe as her organs melt away. In less than a minute she is nothing but a little fog, and then her essence fades away completely.


"I trust we may now continue to our real enemy?" you ask, and Yfrigge nods. These delays are making you angrier and angrier, and you make a split-second decision. "Seria, you and Yfrigge go to Hopkins' office. I doubt the others are still even searching for him, so it is up to us to ensure that my mother's killer dies tonight." Yfrigge nods again, but Seria looks concerned.


"We may not be strong enough to defeat him, and your blood has not yet awakened. It would be safer to stick together." She comes closer. "I will not lose you."


You pull her in for a quick kiss. "We will never win if our goal is to remain safe. I hate to leave you, but we must. Those fools will probably alert every daemonologist in Covingsford to our attack, and we'll have little time before they gather together. No, we need to find Hopkins and kill him now, and the best way to do that is to split up. But I am yours, and you are mine, and I promise I will come back to you." Seria holds you close for a moment, and then you explain how to find the professor's office.


They depart, and you head for town to begin searching the taverns. It is infuriating that you have not already found Hopkins, and for the first time you let yourself consider the possibility that you will not get your revenge before the night ends. The professors will, you hope, manage to repel the daemons' attacks, and Seria will likely remain safe. But will they uncover your role in all this? You could be expelled, and, you realize, even hanged for what you've done, and if Hopkins still lives then it would all be for nothing.


You double your pace, nearly out of the grounds, when you hear something moving near the wall. At first you think it might be a daemon, but then a figure comes into view, stumbling a little.  You guess that he is drunk, and no daemon that you have heard of would touch alcohol. The person leans against the wall to catch his breath and you sneak closer, but the shadows hide his face and he wears a long cloak. Probably a student, you decide, and are about to leave when he steps away from the wall.
> The figure emerges into the moonlight
He meanders towards the College buildings, his back stooped, and then he catch a glimpse of his face. It is Dr. Hopkins.


Instantly you leap forward and, before he can react, chant an immobilizing spell. His legs and arms lock, as does his face, and he falls to the ground with a dull thud. His eyes still move, however, and when you step into his field of vision they widen in shock. You breath deeply, staring down at the man who you have hunted, everything else forgotten. You would never have imagined that it would be so simple, that you would be this lucky.


You spent a long time thinking of what to say when the time came, trying to decide whether Hopkins deserved any explanation as to why you were killing him. You liked the idea of filling his final minutes with terrified confusion as he wondered why his student would put him to death. But, you eventually realized, that would be doing your mother a disservice. He had not given her any warning or explanation, had killed her without much thought at all, and you refuse to sink to his level. No, he will learn exactly why he deserves to die, and then you will kill him.


"Do you remember my father, sir? you begin, savoring each word. "A large man, taller and broader than me, and a businessman of some importance. I believe he once came to speak with you. I would not be surprised if you do not remember, though. It was quite some time ago." Hopkins, of course, cannot respond, but his eyes are fixed on yours. "He told you how you killed my mother. He never told me, not until we forced the words from his mouth, but he told you. I believe he was trying to get revenge, but something you said made him give up the idea. Do you remember what it was?"


You pause. "I'll remind you. You explained that her death was an accident, a tragedy caused by an ill-chosen bit of magic which you used to destroy a rogue daemon. It was a tragedy, sir, for her. You see, she was an angel, sweeter and more lovely than any human woman, and you killed her without even sparing a thought. It was a tragedy for me too, as I grew up without a mother, and with a father whose only response to the tragedy was to forgive. And, I suppose, to mistreat me and never bother to inform me of my true nature."


These last words remind you that your blood has yet to awaken. You think that perhaps Hopkins is thinking the same thing, so you keep speaking. "But my mother's blood is still a precious gift, sir. I am strong, stronger than you even without my full power, and I will not need much strength now." You bend down and pull open Hopkins' cloak and, while he watches, remove his own silver knife. The blade is clean and sharp. It feels good in your hand, and you run your thumb along its edge as you speak. "I never imagined I would find you like this, drunk and powerless. I pictured a titantic battle, but this is somehow even sweeter." You pull him up by his hair and place the knife against his throat. "I am going to kill you in a moment," you add, "but first I will let you speak. This is justice, and justice demands you have a chance to defend yourself. One word of any spell, however, and you will die even more disgraced than you already are."


You release the spell on his face, and Dr. Hopkins immediately screams in pain. You wait for him to stop, and he does, and a few seconds later he beings to speak. "My boy," he begins, but you push the knife a little against his skin and he changes his tone. "It is true, everything you have said is true. I killed your mother with a hastily chosen spell, and it has haunted me ever since. A daemon had escaped confinement, and I had to act. I did not know there was another spirit in Covingsford, but...but I do not wish to defend myself. I should have been more careful, I should have tracked the daemon down and banished it."


You did not expect this, but your cold hatred does not abate. "And yet you said nothing to me. You made jokes and laughed as though you were an innocent man, you dared to lecture us about combating evil."


"I was weak. I am weak, and when I learned that your father chose not to tell you of your heritage, I felt I could not contradict him. I feared...I suppose I feared exactly what has come to pass. But now, enough talk. I am ready to die, truly I am. I know I am guilty. Give me what I deserve." He closes his mouth and shuts his eyes, though he draws quick, rattling breaths.


You squeeze the knife, and it is your mother's face which you picture. After so many years, she will finally be avenged, her murderer will pay for his crime. She was innocent, was pure and kind, and Hopkins killed her. The knife is in his skin and draws a drop of blood.
> You kill him
"Give me what I deserve." Hopkins' words fill your mind as you open his throat, and when the hot blood pours out onto your hands, you feel no jubilation. This is justice, impartial and complete, blood for blood and life for life. He cannot help but scream as he dies, but you barely hear his cries. Your mind is fixed completely on your mother, on her face in the portrait that you have known for so long. She can rest in peace now, you know, and justice has been done.


Justice. It is a simple enough thing, and yet, as you release Hopkins' corpse from your spell and watch it sprawl out into the pool of blood, it can be messy indeed. The daemons you summoned, the ones who did nothing to help avenge your mother and cared only about settling their own grudges and causing mayhem, they care nothing for justice. Even now, you realize, they are probably killing the innocent for their own vile pleasure. The thought disgusts you, and you set off immediately to try to find and stop them. It is likely to late to prevent every death, but you know you must do the best that you can.


As you walk through the grounds, you think about Seria and her role in what you have done. Unlike all the others, she helped you get revenge. Without her you would never have even known about your father's sins and Hopkins' evil, and you certainly would not be here tonight, walking from his bloody corpse. Your heart swells with love as you picture her face, pale and beautiful. She is probably trying to stop the other daemons too, trying to make sure they do not shed any more blood than is neccesary. Hopkins was right; she is not evil, and she proved it by helping you kill him.


You wonder why you ever thought there was a conflict between your love for Seria and your calling as a daemonologist. After all, what is your calling but to pursue justice, protecting the innocent and punishing the guilty? You were far too late to protect your mother, but you punished her killer, and in the future you and Seria will do the same across the world. You are bound by love and by blood, and nothing can stand in your way.


You can make out a good deal of noise coming from the center of the grounds, and you hurry towards it. It is a jumble of sounds, chanting in many languages mixes with howls and shouts of pains, and when the scene comes into view it is precisely as you had feared. The daemons have gone berserk, fighting indiscriminately against the College's professors. The sight is sickening, but you are not afraid.
> The battle is fierce
As you run to the action, you see that a few bodies already lie scattered across the ground in front of the library. But there are still many fighting, many professors and, you realize with a jerk, a few students too. You survey the scene, wondering how to stem the flow of blood that has accompanied your revenge and looking for Seria. Dr. Thewliss, Dr. Coghill, and a few others you don't recognize are clustered in one corner, Dr. Bullock, several other professors, and two students are in another, and in the center of it all, Chancellor Fogg stands alone.


Each battles several daemons, though you note with hope that their ranks have thinned, too. The minotaur Lignor and a handful of others face Thewliss' band while the raksha Anumun and Yfrigge, still wearing the guise of a young girl, fight Bullock. The Chancellor has the most enemies- Jarobaal, blank-faced Spulliso, four daemons you don't recognize, and, you are surprised to see, Seria, her flaming eyes shining brighter than the stars above. He must have attacked her, you realize, or she would not have joined in the brawl.


Since Bullock is the closest, you run forward down to help him beat back the daemon's savage attacks. He is an unpleasant man, but he does not deserve to die. He wears a set of silver knuckles and throws punch after punch with his powerful arms. Anumun's claws are deadly too, and the two are locked in an intricate and lethal dance. You begin to chant while the daemon is distracted, but you are just a little to slow. He manages to slash Dr. Bullock across his chest and then his throat, and you watch the man die. Anumun does not have long to exult in his victory, however, as he is soon set aflame, the fire burning blue and green and purple. In a minute he is dead.


You turn to Yfrigge. Even alone she is dangerous, and you do not let your guard down. When she sees you she simply frowns. "Twice traitor." Seemingly without effort, she knocks all her other enemies back and begins walking towards you. You hold your ground and start another spell, but her power is great. She is not as strong as you, but vanquishing her magical defenses will take time, and all the while she is coming closer and closer. You back up, still chanting, but she shows no sign of weakening. Fumbling in your pockets, you look for something, anything that you could throw, but there is nothing. She is three yards away, one yard, one foot.


Suddenly one of the other students launches himself at her, and they go tumbling together into the grass. He has nothing but a rock, but he makes good use of it, bashing her skull open and flattening it for good measure. Yfrigge screams long after a human being would have died, but the rock and your chanting is enough to defeat her. You watch as her body sinks into the ground. A little essence oozes out and gets carried off the by the wind. Yfrigge's assailent clambers up off the ground. It is John Keating, scraped and glowering but very much alive. "Kind of you to join us," he grunts. You remember how he has teased Peter and make his life miserable for the past few months. He does not deserve death, but you mutter a quick curse, and he falls to the ground howling as your bolt of electricity strikes his side. Justice.


You see that Dr. Thewliss now fights alone against the minotaur, whose enormous axe cannot quite catch the tiny man, though he is not nearly as quick as he was before. Chancellor Fogg has defeated one of the daemons, but Jarobaal, Spulliso, Seria, and three others press him close. The old titan is faltering, and you remember how he seemed to you when you were young, a perfect image of the daemonologist.


The other professor and the students run to aid Dr. Thewliss while you head for Fogg. His long beard is smoldering, though you can't tell if it's from a daemon's attack or the sheer power he's wielding. Seria sees you coming and smiles, those dark lips so beautiful beneath the moon. You mouth a spell, one you encountered scribbled in the margin of an old Greek translation of an Egyptian manuscript, and one of the other daemons yelps. His scaly wings begin to convulse, covered in what looks like a moving blanket, and soon the pain reaches the rest of his body. The other daemons stop a moment to watch the thousand scarab beetles devour him, which gives the Chancellor time to eliminate another with a word.


Seria runs to your side, away from the fight, but then you hear a cry. The minotaur has finally caught Thewliss, his body split in half by the huge blade. You remember his kindness, how happy he was when you passed your entrance examination and how he gave you the ankh. The others circle the daemon, wary of being next, but Lignor just bellows and keeps swinging. Peter is among them, you realize, his eyes glinting beneath the moon as he mouths spell after spell.


Seria reaches you, every motion sleek and seductive. Her eyes are no longer like fire. They are dark and beautiful, but there is a hint of flame there too. "What have you done?" she asks softly.
> You say "Justice"
The hint of flame in Seria's eyes is swallowed up by dark beauty, and she glides to your side, wrapping her slender, porcelain arms around your neck. You wrap your own around her waist, and your lips meet, the Chancellor and daemons forgotten. When you finally break the kiss, she gestures to Fogg, still locked in combat with Jarobaal and Spulliso. "He began it," she says, her voice half-taunting, half-apologetic.


"Hopkins did not," you reply, "and I killed him much quicker. You must be losing your touch, my love, but I am here now." She flicks her tongue and turns back to the Chancellor, whose breath now comes in gasps. He still manages to sputter incantations, though, and you would be a fool to consider him beaten. Your voice is clear as you begin to chant, pitting your power against the greatest of the daemonologists for the first time, and you feel neither fear nor nor anger. You had no quarrel with Fogg before this day, but he attacked your love, and for that crime he must die.


Your mother's blood may not have awakened, but you feel a surge of strength as you watch Seria, fighting with nothing but her nails and pointed teeth. The Chancellor has erected some kind of magical barrier, and your succubus whirls around him like dark lightening, slashing with wild elegance for the tiniest fracture in his protection. He pays her no attention and likewise ignores Jarobaal, who is once again hissing in some strange tongue, and Spulliso, who paces slowly in a great circle around the brawl. No, it is you who Fogg stares at, you who have become the target of his magic.


You are younger and fresher, however, and you can sense his power weakening. Seria manages to get closer and closer with each passing moment, and you know that soon it will be over. Whether it will be your spells or her lovely, lethal body, he is not long for the world. You focus on the man, watching his every motion to prevent some last, desperate act of trickery, but he does not attempt any tricks. Fogg knows when he is beaten, and you sense it too, the instant his magic finally gives way to yours, leaving him utterly defenseless.


He does not try to run, and you watch Seria dart towards him, her hair streaming behind, and tear out his throat with one swift motion of her delicate hand. It is done, but you have little time to exult. Something strikes your back, sharp and cold, and you fall forward. The knife is long, longer than the one you used to kill Hopkins, and its thrower's aim was true. You struggle to turn over, to sit up, to pull the blade from where it is lodged, just left of your spine, and then you feel a horrible pain as someone slowly draws it out. Gentle hands caress your face, and when they turn you over you see Seria.


You do not have very long, and your dying thoughts crowd your mouth and trip over one another. "I...mother...Seria. I am yours, and you...mine forever." You lie still a moment and then ask "Was it for justice?"


Seria gazes down upon you, blood and tears mingled on her face, and her voice is soft and sad. "Yes, my love," she lies in one last act of kindness. "It was all for justice." She holds you close as your life fades away, and death does not seem such a terrible thing.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As you run to the action, you see that a few bodies already lie scattered across the ground in front of the library. But there are still many fighting, many professors and, you realize with a jerk, a few students too. You survey the scene, wondering how to stem the flow of blood that has accompanied your revenge and looking for Seria. Dr. Thewliss, Dr. Coghill, and a few others you don't recognize are clustered in one corner, Dr. Bullock, several other professors, and two students are in another, and in the center of it all, Chancellor Fogg stands alone.


Each battles several daemons, though you note with hope that their ranks have thinned, too. The minotaur Lignor and a handful of others face Thewliss' band while the raksha Anumun and Yfrigge, still wearing the guise of a young girl, fight Bullock. The Chancellor has the most enemies- Jarobaal, blank-faced Spulliso, four daemons you don't recognize, and, you are surprised to see, Seria, her flaming eyes shining brighter than the stars above. He must have attacked her, you realize, or she would not have joined in the brawl.


Since Bullock is the closest, you run forward down to help him beat back the daemon's savage attacks. He is an unpleasant man, but he does not deserve to die. He wears a set of silver knuckles and throws punch after punch with his powerful arms. Anumun's claws are deadly too, and the two are locked in an intricate and lethal dance. You begin to chant while the daemon is distracted, but you are just a little to slow. He manages to slash Dr. Bullock across his chest and then his throat, and you watch the man die. Anumun does not have long to exult in his victory, however, as he is soon set aflame, the fire burning blue and green and purple. In a minute he is dead.


You turn to Yfrigge. Even alone she is dangerous, and you do not let your guard down. When she sees you she simply frowns. "Twice traitor." Seemingly without effort, she knocks all her other enemies back and begins walking towards you. You hold your ground and start another spell, but her power is great. She is not as strong as you, but vanquishing her magical defenses will take time, and all the while she is coming closer and closer. You back up, still chanting, but she shows no sign of weakening. Fumbling in your pockets, you look for something, anything that you could throw, but there is nothing. She is three yards away, one yard, one foot.


Suddenly one of the other students launches himself at her, and they go tumbling together into the grass. He has nothing but a rock, but he makes good use of it, bashing her skull open and flattening it for good measure. Yfrigge screams long after a human being would have died, but the rock and your chanting is enough to defeat her. You watch as her body sinks into the ground. A little essence oozes out and gets carried off the by the wind. Yfrigge's assailent clambers up off the ground. It is John Keating, scraped and glowering but very much alive. "Kind of you to join us," he grunts. You remember how he has teased Peter and make his life miserable for the past few months. He does not deserve death, but you mutter a quick curse, and he falls to the ground howling as your bolt of electricity strikes his side. Justice.


You see that Dr. Thewliss now fights alone against the minotaur, whose enormous axe cannot quite catch the tiny man, though he is not nearly as quick as he was before. Chancellor Fogg has defeated one of the daemons, but Jarobaal, Spulliso, Seria, and three others press him close. The old titan is faltering, and you remember how he seemed to you when you were young, a perfect image of the daemonologist.


The other professor and the students run to aid Dr. Thewliss while you head for Fogg. His long beard is smoldering, though you can't tell if it's from a daemon's attack or the sheer power he's wielding. Seria sees you coming and smiles, those dark lips so beautiful beneath the moon. You mouth a spell, one you encountered scribbled in the margin of an old Greek translation of an Egyptian manuscript, and one of the other daemons yelps. His scaly wings begin to convulse, covered in what looks like a moving blanket, and soon the pain reaches the rest of his body. The other daemons stop a moment to watch the thousand scarab beetles devour him, which gives the Chancellor time to eliminate another with a word.


Seria runs to your side, away from the fight, but then you hear a cry. The minotaur has finally caught Thewliss, his body split in half by the huge blade. You remember his kindness, how happy he was when you passed your entrance examination and how he gave you the ankh. The others circle the daemon, wary of being next, but Lignor just bellows and keeps swinging. Peter is among them, you realize, his eyes glinting beneath the moon as he mouths spell after spell.


Seria reaches you, every motion sleek and seductive. Her eyes are no longer like fire. They are dark and beautiful, but there is a hint of flame there too. "What have you done?" she asks softly.
> You say "Help me kill the daemons"
She stares at you, and the flicker of flame dies from her eyes. "Kill my own kind?" she says.


"They are slaughtering the innocent, and Hopkins is already dead. I have killed him," you explain, but Seria continues to stare. "I said that no one else was to be harmed, we said no one else was to be harmed. I understand that Fogg attacked you, but the others are innocent. The students do not deserve death."


"Deserve?" Seria's voice is strange, and you watch her pointed teeth glitter in the moonlight as she speaks. "Why do you talk of what they deserve? They are our enemies, and we will kill them all and dance in their blood. We will embrace when this battle is done, and you will take me right here, with piles of corpses and entrails steaming all around us." Her voice pants with lust. "You are strong, my love, and I am strong as well."


"I killed Hopkins because he killed my mother. That is justice," you try to say, but she silences you with a kiss. It is intoxicating, and you pull her close and squeeze her body against your own, but eventually you push her away. The taste of her lips is sweet, but right now you do not want sweetness. "This is not justice," you say, pointing the bodies lying on the ground. "This is only a slaughter."


Seria laughs, and there is real pleasure in the sound. "Of course it is a slaughter, my love. How innocent you are, even after all that has happened! I have done this all for you. Each drop of blood, each corpse, they are my gifts to you, just as Hopkins' death was your gift to me. You are mine, and I am yours, and together we will make such a slaughter that the whole world will tremble at our names!" She tries to pull you close for another kiss, but you back away.


She is so pale and alien, and you wonder how you ever found her beautiful. Her skin is flecked with dark patches of blood, and her lips are dark too. Her eyes are like two deep pits that go directly to the grave. This is not beauty, you realize, and take another step back. Seria stares at you, real concern in her face, but you can only think of your mother's portrait and the beauty that is there.


"Dear God, what have I done?" you murmur as the battle rages around you. You fall to your knees as you picture them all, your father, Bullock, Thewliss- even Hopkins. They are dead, and justice had nothing to do with it, only madness and lust. You pull Hopkins' silver knife from your pocket, realizing suddenly what you must do. Seria realizes too, and she dives forward, but she is too slow, and the blade finds your heart just as she crashes into you. Your blood gurgles out, hot and wet, and Seria gives a great, wild cry into the night. "We did it for each other. You are mine, and I am yours," she says again as you expire, and the knowledge that she is right is more painful than the knife.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>He meanders towards the College buildings, his back stooped, and then he catch a glimpse of his face. It is Dr. Hopkins.


Instantly you leap forward and, before he can react, chant an immobilizing spell. His legs and arms lock, as does his face, and he falls to the ground with a dull thud. His eyes still move, however, and when you step into his field of vision they widen in shock. You breath deeply, staring down at the man who you have hunted, everything else forgotten. You would never have imagined that it would be so simple, that you would be this lucky.


You spent a long time thinking of what to say when the time came, trying to decide whether Hopkins deserved any explanation as to why you were killing him. You liked the idea of filling his final minutes with terrified confusion as he wondered why his student would put him to death. But, you eventually realized, that would be doing your mother a disservice. He had not given her any warning or explanation, had killed her without much thought at all, and you refuse to sink to his level. No, he will learn exactly why he deserves to die, and then you will kill him.


"Do you remember my father, sir? you begin, savoring each word. "A large man, taller and broader than me, and a businessman of some importance. I believe he once came to speak with you. I would not be surprised if you do not remember, though. It was quite some time ago." Hopkins, of course, cannot respond, but his eyes are fixed on yours. "He told you how you killed my mother. He never told me, not until we forced the words from his mouth, but he told you. I believe he was trying to get revenge, but something you said made him give up the idea. Do you remember what it was?"


You pause. "I'll remind you. You explained that her death was an accident, a tragedy caused by an ill-chosen bit of magic which you used to destroy a rogue daemon. It was a tragedy, sir, for her. You see, she was an angel, sweeter and more lovely than any human woman, and you killed her without even sparing a thought. It was a tragedy for me too, as I grew up without a mother, and with a father whose only response to the tragedy was to forgive. And, I suppose, to mistreat me and never bother to inform me of my true nature."


These last words remind you that your blood has yet to awaken. You think that perhaps Hopkins is thinking the same thing, so you keep speaking. "But my mother's blood is still a precious gift, sir. I am strong, stronger than you even without my full power, and I will not need much strength now." You bend down and pull open Hopkins' cloak and, while he watches, remove his own silver knife. The blade is clean and sharp. It feels good in your hand, and you run your thumb along its edge as you speak. "I never imagined I would find you like this, drunk and powerless. I pictured a titantic battle, but this is somehow even sweeter." You pull him up by his hair and place the knife against his throat. "I am going to kill you in a moment," you add, "but first I will let you speak. This is justice, and justice demands you have a chance to defend yourself. One word of any spell, however, and you will die even more disgraced than you already are."


You release the spell on his face, and Dr. Hopkins immediately screams in pain. You wait for him to stop, and he does, and a few seconds later he beings to speak. "My boy," he begins, but you push the knife a little against his skin and he changes his tone. "It is true, everything you have said is true. I killed your mother with a hastily chosen spell, and it has haunted me ever since. A daemon had escaped confinement, and I had to act. I did not know there was another spirit in Covingsford, but...but I do not wish to defend myself. I should have been more careful, I should have tracked the daemon down and banished it."


You did not expect this, but your cold hatred does not abate. "And yet you said nothing to me. You made jokes and laughed as though you were an innocent man, you dared to lecture us about combating evil."


"I was weak. I am weak, and when I learned that your father chose not to tell you of your heritage, I felt I could not contradict him. I feared...I suppose I feared exactly what has come to pass. But now, enough talk. I am ready to die, truly I am. I know I am guilty. Give me what I deserve." He closes his mouth and shuts his eyes, though he draws quick, rattling breaths.


You squeeze the knife, and it is your mother's face which you picture. After so many years, she will finally be avenged, her murderer will pay for his crime. She was innocent, was pure and kind, and Hopkins killed her. The knife is in his skin and draws a drop of blood.
> You spare him
And then, without knowing quite why, you remember your father's bloody and crumpled face, just moments before he died. "I tried to do as your mother would have," he said. He tried to forgive her killer, just as she had forgiven his adultery and loved your half-brother as though he was her own. It was weakness and madness for your father to forgive, you thought, but it was the same weakness and madness that your mother had. Your hand falls away from Hopkins throat and the knife falls to the ground. 


You are breathing very heavily now, and the faces swim before your mind's eye- Hopkins, Seria, and your father and mother. What would she say, you wonder, if she knew you wanted to kill her killer? Shame descends on you like a blanket, smothering away all the hate and anger you have felt since you learned what Hopkins did. Your fingers tingle as you think of the knife and how close you came to doing something monstrous, something utterly daemonic. The tears come too, and with a slight shock you realize it is the first time you have cried for your lost mother. 


The tingling travels up your hands and arms, and it fills your chest. Soon it is painful, but there is virtue in the pain. To let him live, to truly forgive Dr. Hopkins, this should not be easy. Each heartbeat send a stab of agony through your entire body, and for a time the grief is so intense you think that you will die. But this is not death, you realize in a sudden burst of joy that shines through the tears. It is your second birth, your mother's gift. You are becoming what you were meant to be. You are becoming an angel.


You let a great cry of sadness and of wonder echo into the night. Your back is burning, tearing, and then suddenly your wings break free, even larger than Seria's and brilliant white. The pain fades away and is replaced by a sweet, melancholy longing. You wish your mother was alive to see you now, and your father too. Your aura is strong, and you realize that you have grown far stronger than you were before. You glance down at Dr. Hopkins, still immobilized, and feel no hatred, only a little pity. He has lived with his guilt through the long years and the knowledge of his own weakness. You release your spell, he sprawls flat against the ground, and then, after a few seconds, you take his hand and help him to his feet.


He is crying too. "Forgive me, please," he says softly, but you shake your head. It is done already, and you squeeze his hand. He steadies himself and catches his breath, and then you remember everything you have done, the horde of daemons you let loose on unnumbered innocents. Now it is your turn to feel guilt, and you do not reject the feeling, but perhaps it is not too late. Quickly you explain the situation to Dr. Hopkins, and he nods. "They are strong, my colleagues, and your classmates are as well. They will fight, every man of them, and we will join them. You have erred, but your sin is less than mine, and there is no sin which cannot be mended."


You move your new wings a little, marveling because you can sense the smallest currents in the wind, and then, still holding Dr. Hopkins tightly, leap into the air. You spring nearly ten feet and then taking flight as the stooped professor clutches your arm, muttering something about young people and their theatrics. You can see across the buildings and far into the distance, but your eyes go at once to a cluster of flames, flashes, and strange shimmering spells in the courtyard in front of the library, near the very center of the grounds. You only need to beat your wings twice and you are above them, gazing down as the daemons fight the daemonologists.
> The battle rages below
Even from the sky, you can make out the bodies, and each one feels like a dagger in your heart. But there are still many fighting, many professors and, you realize with a jerk, a few students too. Quickly you survey the ground, thankful that the College's defenders have at least managed to rally together. Dr. Thewliss, Dr. Coghill, and a few others you don't recognize are clustered in one corner, Dr. Bullock, several other professors, and two students are in another, and in the center of it all, Chancellor Fogg stands alone.


Each battles several daemons, though you note with hope that their ranks have thinned, too. The minotaur Lignor and a handful of others face Thewliss' band while the raksha Anumun and Yfrigge, still wearing the guise of a young girl, fight Bullock. The Chancellor has the most enemies- Jarobaal, blank-faced Spulliso, four daemons you don't recognize, and Seria, her flaming eyes shining brighter than the stars above. Chanting in many languages mixes with howls and shouts of pains, while knives and bundles of herbs fly in all directions. The combatants' auras mix too, and it's hard to tell which battle needs your direct attention most.


Since Bullock is the closest, you glide down to help him beat back the daemon's savage attacks. The strong professor, you are surprised to see, wears a set of silver knuckles, and he throws punch after punch even as he chants spells. Anumun's claws are deadly too, and the two are locked in an intricate and lethal dance. Your past dislike for Bullock disappears completely, and you swoop down, dropping Hopkins as gently as you can and shouting an incantation. The raksha's limbs slow, and he looks as though he is trying to move through water while you continue the spell. Though the daemon tries to retreat, he is not nearly quick enough, and Dr. Bullock catches him with a flurry of blows. The silver burns against his fur, but Bullock does not stop until he is pounded right out of existence.


Even alone, Yfrigge is dangerous, and you do not let your guard down. When she sees you she simply frowns. "Twice traitor." Seemingly without effort, she knocks all her other enemies back and begins walking towards you. You hold your ground and begin to chant, but her power is great. She is not as strong as you, but vanquishing her magical defenses will take time, and all the while she is coming closer and closer. You back up, still chanting, but she shows no sign of weakening. Fumbling in your pockets, you look for something, anything that you could throw, but there is nothing. She is three yards away, one yard, one foot.


Suddenly one of the other students launches himself at her, and they go tumbling together into the grass. He has nothing but a rock, but he makes good use of it, bashing her skull open and flattening it for good measure. Yfrigge screams long after a human being would have died, but the rock and your chanting is enough to defeat her. You watch as her body sinks into the ground. A little essence oozes out and gets carried off the by the wind. Yfrigge's assailent clambers up off the ground. It is John Keating, scraped and glowering but very much alive. "Kind of you to join us," he grunts.


The other professors and a student you don't know stare in amazement at your true form, though Bullock and Keating seem unimpressed. Your mind is only on the battle. You see that Dr. Thewliss now fights alone against the minotaur, whose enormous axe cannot quite catch the tiny man, though he is not nearly as quick as he was before. Chancellor Fogg has defeated one of the daemons and Hopkins now fights by his side, but Jarobaal, Spulliso, Seria, and three others press them close. The old titan is faltering, but Hopkins, all traces of drunkenness gone, sends bursts of magic in every direction.


The professors and students run to aid Dr. Thewliss while you head for Fogg. His long beard is smoldering, though you can't tell if it's from a daemon's attack or the sheer power he's wielding. Seria sees you coming and smiles, those dark lips so beautiful beneath the moon. You have been fearing this moment since you chose mercy and forgiveness for Hopkins. Her smile nearly makes you change sides again, but you picture your mother's face. She is stronger than Seria, stronger than what she represents, and now you are stronger too. You mouth a spell, one you encountered scribbled in the margin of an old Greek translation of an Egyptian manuscript, and one of the other daemons yelps. His scaly wings begin to convulse, covered in what looks like a moving blanket, and soon the pain reaches the rest of his body. The other daemons stop a moment to watch the thousand scarab beetles devour him, which gives Dr. Hopkins the chance to eliminate another one with with a sudden arc of lightening.


You hear a cry. The minotaur has finally caught Thewliss, his body split in half by the huge blade. Bullock and the others circle him, wary of being next, but Lignor just bellows and keeps swinging. Peter is among them, you realize, his eyes glinting beneath the moon as he mouths spell after spell.


Seria stalks towards you, every motion sleek and seductive. Her eyes are no longer like fire. They are dark and beautiful. Her chest heaves, and you realize she is crying, and that is far harder to bear than the rage you had expected. "You betrayed me."
> You say "I did"
"But you lied to me," you say, which makes the succubus stop and stare at you through her tears. Your voice is soft, for Seria alone. "You fed my hatred and my rage and told me it was what my mother deserved. You told me there was no difference between angels and daemons. I brought these monsters here for vengeance, and now how many innocents have died?"


She seems to notice your wings for the first time. "You...you have changed."


You nod. "My mother's blood has finally awakened, and once it did I knew what I had to do. Perhaps Hopkins does deserve to die, but I am not God, and I could not pass judgement on him. Neither do I pass it on you. But you must go, go from this College and never return to me. I am yours, and you are mine forever, but we cannot be together. The light cannot dwell with the darkness, and I have done enough dark deeds myself. Go in peace, my love."


Seria walks slowly towards you. She has stopped crying, but the tears still lie upon her face. She reaches out her hand and touches the rose on your cheek. "You are mine," she murmurs, "and I am yours." Her voice is different than it has been before, trembling and vulnerable, and suddenly you cannot bear to think of a life spent apart from her. She bends closer, her lips dark and lovely, and you take her head in your hands and kiss her. It goes on for a long moment, but you know that it must end, and after it does she rests against your body.


You have no words, so you simply hold her. She is small, you notice for the first time, and delicate, and you are struck by the sudden, absurd fear that she will be blown away by the wind if you let go. Then her hand is on your chest and, before you can speak, her nails scratch through your clothes and into your flesh. She grabs your heart and tears it from your body while you watch. Blood pours out onto the ground like a river, and you slump back, but she catches you and holds you close.


"You are mine, and I am yours," she murmurs again as your consciousness fades away. The sounds of battle vanish around you, and the last thing you see before death is Seria's face. She is crying again, and you try to comfort her, but you cannot speak. Then darkness fills your vision and you pass on.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Even from the sky, you can make out the bodies, and each one feels like a dagger in your heart. But there are still many fighting, many professors and, you realize with a jerk, a few students too. Quickly you survey the ground, thankful that the College's defenders have at least managed to rally together. Dr. Thewliss, Dr. Coghill, and a few others you don't recognize are clustered in one corner, Dr. Bullock, several other professors, and two students are in another, and in the center of it all, Chancellor Fogg stands alone.


Each battles several daemons, though you note with hope that their ranks have thinned, too. The minotaur Lignor and a handful of others face Thewliss' band while the raksha Anumun and Yfrigge, still wearing the guise of a young girl, fight Bullock. The Chancellor has the most enemies- Jarobaal, blank-faced Spulliso, four daemons you don't recognize, and Seria, her flaming eyes shining brighter than the stars above. Chanting in many languages mixes with howls and shouts of pains, while knives and bundles of herbs fly in all directions. The combatants' auras mix too, and it's hard to tell which battle needs your direct attention most.


Since Bullock is the closest, you glide down to help him beat back the daemon's savage attacks. The strong professor, you are surprised to see, wears a set of silver knuckles, and he throws punch after punch even as he chants spells. Anumun's claws are deadly too, and the two are locked in an intricate and lethal dance. Your past dislike for Bullock disappears completely, and you swoop down, dropping Hopkins as gently as you can and shouting an incantation. The raksha's limbs slow, and he looks as though he is trying to move through water while you continue the spell. Though the daemon tries to retreat, he is not nearly quick enough, and Dr. Bullock catches him with a flurry of blows. The silver burns against his fur, but Bullock does not stop until he is pounded right out of existence.


Even alone, Yfrigge is dangerous, and you do not let your guard down. When she sees you she simply frowns. "Twice traitor." Seemingly without effort, she knocks all her other enemies back and begins walking towards you. You hold your ground and begin to chant, but her power is great. She is not as strong as you, but vanquishing her magical defenses will take time, and all the while she is coming closer and closer. You back up, still chanting, but she shows no sign of weakening. Fumbling in your pockets, you look for something, anything that you could throw, but there is nothing. She is three yards away, one yard, one foot.


Suddenly one of the other students launches himself at her, and they go tumbling together into the grass. He has nothing but a rock, but he makes good use of it, bashing her skull open and flattening it for good measure. Yfrigge screams long after a human being would have died, but the rock and your chanting is enough to defeat her. You watch as her body sinks into the ground. A little essence oozes out and gets carried off the by the wind. Yfrigge's assailent clambers up off the ground. It is John Keating, scraped and glowering but very much alive. "Kind of you to join us," he grunts.


The other professors and a student you don't know stare in amazement at your true form, though Bullock and Keating seem unimpressed. Your mind is only on the battle. You see that Dr. Thewliss now fights alone against the minotaur, whose enormous axe cannot quite catch the tiny man, though he is not nearly as quick as he was before. Chancellor Fogg has defeated one of the daemons and Hopkins now fights by his side, but Jarobaal, Spulliso, Seria, and three others press them close. The old titan is faltering, but Hopkins, all traces of drunkenness gone, sends bursts of magic in every direction.


The professors and students run to aid Dr. Thewliss while you head for Fogg. His long beard is smoldering, though you can't tell if it's from a daemon's attack or the sheer power he's wielding. Seria sees you coming and smiles, those dark lips so beautiful beneath the moon. You have been fearing this moment since you chose mercy and forgiveness for Hopkins. Her smile nearly makes you change sides again, but you picture your mother's face. She is stronger than Seria, stronger than what she represents, and now you are stronger too. You mouth a spell, one you encountered scribbled in the margin of an old Greek translation of an Egyptian manuscript, and one of the other daemons yelps. His scaly wings begin to convulse, covered in what looks like a moving blanket, and soon the pain reaches the rest of his body. The other daemons stop a moment to watch the thousand scarab beetles devour him, which gives Dr. Hopkins the chance to eliminate another one with with a sudden arc of lightening.


You hear a cry. The minotaur has finally caught Thewliss, his body split in half by the huge blade. Bullock and the others circle him, wary of being next, but Lignor just bellows and keeps swinging. Peter is among them, you realize, his eyes glinting beneath the moon as he mouths spell after spell.


Seria stalks towards you, every motion sleek and seductive. Her eyes are no longer like fire. They are dark and beautiful. Her chest heaves, and you realize she is crying, and that is far harder to bear than the rage you had expected. "You betrayed me."
> You say "I did not"
"I promised to give my mother's killer justice, though I am ashamed to say I nearly failed. I almost cut his throat and called it fair, a just punishment for what he did. But then, my love, I remembered my mother, how she forgave my father for his sins. Vengeance is not justice, not truly, and mercy and forgiveness are. I only pray I will be forgiven for what I have done."


Seria seems to notice your wings for the first time. "You...you have changed."


You nod. "My mother's blood has finally awakened, and it makes me tremble to think how close I came to rejecting everything she stood for. We are too different, you and I, but I will not stand in judgement upon you when my own sins are so black. But you must go, go from this College and never return to me. I am yours, and you are mine forever, but we cannot be together. The light cannot dwell with the darkness, and I have done enough dark deeds myself. Go in peace, Seria."


She walks slowly towards you. She has stopped crying, but the tears still lie upon her face. She reaches out her hand and you take it. You notice for the first time how small she is, how vulnerable. "There is nowhere I can go, my love," she whispers, "where your face will not pursue me. You are mine, and I am yours forever, and it does not matter that you are an angel and I am a daemon." Her fingers weave around your own, and she pulls you close for a kiss. Her tears burn upon your cheek, and you begin to cry too. What can you do, you wonder. How can you walk in the light alongside a creature of the darkness?


When the kiss ends, Seria leans against you and you hold her close, these thoughts forgotten. She is shaking, you realize, and you try to comfort her, but you cannot find the words. "Please," she murmurs after a time, "give me the same gift you gave to Dr. Hopkins. Give me mercy." You shake your head. It is too painful, far too much for her to ask, but then she meets your gaze, and her eyes are desparate.


You swallow, gathering strength for what you must do, and hold her even tighter than before. She buried her face in your chest and does not see you mouthing the incantation, and you add a few more Latin words so that she will live long enough to hear you say, your voice nearly choked with grief, "I am yours, and you are mine." Then she is gone, first a lifeless body and then a bit of essence that soon fades into the cold earth. You feel cold too, and think of your mother and Seria. Now they are both gone, and you are left alone.
> You time passes...
The bed is lovely. You are quite comfortable underneath your fluffy blanket, and sunlight has just begun to stream through the window. Perhaps there are birds twittering somewhere far away, but you don't pay much attention to anything. Everything is soft and warm, and soon you are nearly asleep again.


Then there is something against your lips. It is soft and warm too, and you smile. Your mouth is full of sweetness and the taste of great ripe blackberries. You picture them hanging on the bush, gleaming dark on a summer day. Now it is like wine, and now like honey. You want to open your eyes, to see a beautiful woman with vast wings and dark lips in the bed with you, but you know you cannot. Seria is dead and gone forever, and you know this is a dream. "I am yours," you still whisper, "and you are mine," but there is no one there to say the same to you.


You wake up and at once the guilt comes, settling on you like a great weight. Thewliss is dead and so are many others, students as well as professors, and yet here you lay in your dormitory bed as though you played no role in the evil. It was Dr. Hopkins who defended you, who told the Chancellor and, later on, the judge how you spared his life and won the battle against the daemons. He told them that you were entranced by the succubus, that you could not be blamed for what you did, but you know that these are lies. They are kindly meant, but they are lies all the same. You were not entranced, not Seria's slave, and you freely agreed to everything. Those deaths are your fault no less than the daemons, and the knowledge preys upon you nearly every moment.


No one listens, though, and they dismiss your protestations as a quirk of your angelic nature. You have contemplated suicide, but you know that would not bring the slain back to life. No, you will go on living and learning at the College, and someday, perhaps, you will atone for all the evil you have done, just as Hopkins has more than atoned for his sins. You are your mother's son, flawed as you may be, and so you will have to find a way to forgive yourself.


Your friends are kind. Dr. Hopkins, Peter, and Mrs. Littlethwaite all sit with you, though your conversation can hardly be interesting. They do not try to convince you that you have done no wrong, and they offer no absolution. They simply sit and speak of better days, and it gives you a little strength to hope that you are not beyond redemption, that, someday, forgiveness will come.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It is soft and warm, and you smile. You mouth is full of sweetness and the taste of great ripe blackberries. You picture them hanging on the bush, gleaming dark on a summer day. Now it is like wine, and now like honey. It take a second to realize you are not dreaming, but the taste is too delicious to mind very much.


The thing against your lips pushes a little harder, and the flavor grows even more intoxicating. It makes you want to fight and eat and make love, and when you open your eyes you are not even frightened to see her.


Seria lies sprawled across your body, her skin taut and warm against your own. The blankets lie crumpled and forgotten on the floor, as does her gossamer, translucent robe, but you can only look at her. She moves slowly, stretching and rubbing, her fingers dancing along your body and those dark lips coming closer for another kiss.


She sinks her teeth into your lip, just enough to break the skin, and you feel a few drops of blood trickle out. Your eyes meet, and hers are as dark as her lips and just as enticing. With a low roar you grab her arms and spin her around, pinning her wrists to the bed. Seria flicks out her tongue, her body heaving below you, and you finally do what you have been imagining for a long time. Her moans are soft but strong, full of heat and passion, and you go faster and faster.


Her fingers dig into your back, surely drawing blood, but you do not care. It is impossible to think about anything but the woman beneath you, her tangled hair shimmering with dark light each time her body trembles.


At last you finish, and she gives one last moan and, bending up, nips you in the neck with her pointed teeth. Then Seria slumps back and shuts her eyes. You roll beside her, breathing hard and covered in sweat and a little blood.


She purrs and then cocks her head to one side and looks at you, her expression hard to read. "I had forgotten what it was like to be with a guarded man, to be with someone free." Apparently it was quite pleasurable, given that she purrs again. Then Seria leans towards you, her tongue very close to your chest, and traces it just above the complex charcoal pattern. "Keep this, at least until we find you some more permanent protection. I don't want you as a slave, young one. You are much to valuable, much too delicious."


By now you've recovered enough to speak. "But why? Why did you claim me, why do you visit me?"


She smiles. "Because of who you are, of course. Be thankful I did, young one. There are many spirits who want you, all because of the power in your blood, but none so kind as I, and none so clever. They would kill you and drink it, and they would gain a little power, but that would be such a waste! No, you are mine, and we have a greater destiny. And, it seems, there is plenty of pleasure to be had along the way."


So many questions, but your mind is still having trouble focusing on anything but her body and how it felt beneath you. "I...I am no one special," you manage to say.


Seria looks puzzled, and you realize it is the first time you can remember her not being in complete control. "I am not as knowledgeable about mankind as I thought. I imagined you would want to learn about your mother, but perhaps you never wondered who she was."


Your mother? The picture from your father's study jumps into your mind, thin and pretty, but before you can ask, Seria puts a finger to your lips. "No more words, not now, young one. There is much more still to do, but I thank you for the...invigorating ride. Now, I know you have told others about me. You will not tell anyone of this meeting, nor of any more. I will not let anyone interfere with us, do you understand?" She pulls her finger back, dripping with a bit of your blood, and sucks it clean.
> You lie
"Of course not," you say. Seria gazes into your eyes, and then her tongues flicks out of her mouth.


"You have lied to me."


Her eyes, once so beautiful, are turning red. Her hand is at your throat against, but she does not caress. The grip is like iron. Your ankhs hangs uselessly as she chokes your life away, pulling you up and out of bed. You claw at her hand but to no avail. She is stronger by far, and none of your protection is doing any good.


"You have lied to me."


Your face, if you could see it, has turned blue. Hers is still lovely and pale, but her eyes are now like fire. She keeps talking, though you are in no condition to listen. "You should not have lied to me! It makes me angry when men lie, and I am the one trying to save you, trying to awaken your true potential. I am giving you a destiny far beyond anything you could have imagined, I am your true love and your savior, and you lied to me, you miserable wretch. I do not give a damn who your mother was, you are a human worm and you ought to be grovelling for the chance I am giving you!"


Before she even realizes it, you are dead. She drops your body back onto the bed and lets out a horrible cry. It echoes across the grounds and through the entire town of Covingsford, inspiring nightmares and frightening whoever is still awake. But you are not around to hear it because, of course, you are dead.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>And, unlike you, he is beginning to develop a reputation for particular brilliance. He excels in everything but Hebrew, but then again, no one is learning that language at more than a snail's pace. Even Bullock, friendly to no one, declared his grasp of trigonometry outstanding. You are not falling behind by any means, but you are more likely to be known for the mark on your cheek and your rumored dalliances with a succubus than for any special scholarly aptitude.


You notice the metallic glint in Peter's eye in class sometimes, when he answers a professor or is trying to understand some especially difficult concept. There are a pack of students, mostly sons of the minor nobility, who mock him for his threadbare clothes and appearance, which gets more sickly with each day spent locked inside reading. Their taunts are whispered and they only seem to goad him to greater and greater displays of intelligence.


John Keating is the worst of the lot. Tall and overbearing, he is a baronet's son with a circle of cronies and admirers. Today they are discussing women they have known, and in the lewdest of langauge. Thewliss would put a stop to it, but he is in his armchair in the front of the class and quite unable to hear. "Latimer has bested us all, with a daemon in his bed every night. What about you, Aubrey?" Keating asks with a grin. "Fuck anyone I should keep an eye out for?"


Peter ignores them as best as he can, and when Thewliss asks a question his hand shoots up. "It's the Queen of Sheba, sir, though scholars disagree as to her status as a spirit. Tawney, I believe, maintains that she was a daemon, but Saint Thomas held that she was a human being." Thewliss nods, delighted, and Peter sits up even straighter.


It does not, of course, deter Keating. "Come on, Aubrey, there must have been some girl in all of London who'd fuck a greasy little thing like you, rags or not." When even that gets no reaction, he shrugs and goes back to talking about his own exploits. 


Class ends a few minutes later and you join up with Peter to leave. You're halfway down the hall when Keating catches up, the others not far behind. He grabs Peter's shoulder. "There is a girl, isn't there? Someone told me about her, Lizzy something, with great big tits and hips just made for fucking, eh Aubrey?" For once in his life, Keating is right. You have heard about Lizzy many times and seen Peter read enough letters from her that you can predict what will happen, though you're much to slow to stop it.


Peter swings around and punches Keating in the jaw, the blow sending him to the ground with blood everywhere. With a snarl he tries to rise, and two of his friends arrive, though you see even more coming. Peter manages to knock another down before he quite realizes what's happened, and the third hangs back, surprised at what's happened and keen to wait for reinforcements.
> You join the fight
You cannot let your friend fight by himself against half a dozen, and you doubt you could really escape your pursuers. You throw a punch at the one standing back and catch him in the stomach, your hand stinging terribly. He grunts and strikes back, but you manage to jump out of the way. You haven't been in a true fight before, but perhaps luck is on your side.


Three more arrive and Peter wastes no time, charging forward as if he were possessed. You land another punch on your man and he falls, at least for the moment. You turn to help Peter, who is spinning and trying to block the punches coming from every side. You watch him go down, and they start kicking him as he cries out. You punch wildly, no longer thinking at all, and they fall back a little. The thrill grows, but then you feel something cold and terribly sharp on your neck.


You turn to find Keating, black-eyed and with a silver knife in hand. He swings it again and you feel the same awful coldness on your arm. With a yell you try to strike him, but your arm only flops forward. Everything feels very odd, so cold except for a wet heat on your neck and arm. Your vision goes dark and then comes back as you clatter to the floor.


"Damn it all!" you hear someone say. "I didn't mean to hit the artery." The voice sounds like it's coming from far away, though the face is just a few feet above you. It looks shocked and horrified, and in a disinterested way you wonder what's the matter. Then your vision goes dark for the last time and you stop wondering about anything.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your father and brother remain in London for most of the next few weeks, but the latter sends a handful of brief letters that make it clear the family isn't going to fall into complete ruin. When he comes back near the beginning of September, he says the same thing in person.


Of course, changes must be made, and one of the serving girls is sent packing. Charles tells you they might send Simon away too, since your father does not often host guests and a family hardly needs a butler to manage things when they have only two other servants, but nothing has been decided yet.


Meanwhile, you've spent the intervening days exchanging letters with Peter and reading anything you could find on succubi. There isn't much in the books you've collected, and you can't access the College's library until the term starts. What you've found hasn't made you any less anxious, but at least the dreams have stayed away. Maybe the ankh is working, or maybe it really was just the stress of the entrance examination. In any case, it's the longest you've gone without a nightmare since they started.


You learned the College tuition is steep, but not terribly so, and informed your father of the cost by letter. He has not responded, and the few times he's been in Covingsford has barely said a word. There is something a little shameful, you cannot help but feel, in spending so much on your studies while the family is in somewhat dire straits, and despite all your anticipation, you nearly tell your father you've changed your mind. You always beat back these vague feelings of guilt, but you remain quite sure that your father feels the same way, though he has not shown it.


Some madness has caused you to use his study as your main reading room, perhaps because it is not quite as hot as your bedroom. Simon raised an eyebrow the first time he saw you enter, but, dour gentleman that he is, has not said a word. There is something reassuring about being able to glance up at your mother's face whenever you read some new and terrifying fact about succubi or daemons in general. You wonder if the portrait did as much good for your father when he got the wretched news about the family's fortunes.


With only one serving girl, Mrs. Littlethwaite has been working a good deal harder to keep the house impeccable. You tried telling her it was alright, that there was no need to dust rooms no one sleeps in, but she wouldn't hear it.


As luck would have it, your father returns the evening of September 1st. The first day of term is in the morning. His presence sends Mrs. Littlethwaite scurrying out of the dining room- you had taken to eating all your meals with her in his absence. He stares for a moment. "You are to begin tomorrow. Your letter did not contain the cost of accommodations at the College."


"I had thought I would lodge here, sir. There's no need to spend..."


"There is every need," he interrupts. "Propriety insists things be done in the established way, and in any case, the cost of a room in their dormitory will not break this family. I will not have it be said that my son had to live in his childhood bedroom because his father had lost all the family's wealth. You will make arrangements for a room after your matriculation tomorrow and send the cost by letter. There will be no need for you to return until Christmas." He turns and walks upstairs, and the familiar feeling of guilt returns.


A moment later Mrs. Littlethwaite creeps from the kitchen. "It seems I won't be seeing you for some time," you say.


She glances at the staircase and frowns, though she catches herself after a second. "I shan't be going anywhere, dear. Now, you go off and learn everything you can, and don't spend a minute thinking of me." You shake your head and she gives you a quick, tight hug.


You spend the next few hours packing everything you'll need. Clothes, books, it's all very ordinary. Very little to suggest you'll be learning to combat dark powers. When you're finished you try to sleep, but you lay awake, thinking of tomorrow, wondering what the future will bring, and arguing with yourself about what you ought to do. Time slides by and you aren't growing any more tired.
> You speak to your father
The decision makes you want to scream, but you know it is right. Family must come before self, even in a matter such as this. It will not be as


You go straight to your father's study. He sets down his book and listens as you explain yourself, his face unreadable. "Sir, I have realized my true purpose and duty is to further our family's business interests, and to that end I place myself entirely at your disposal. I have some learning and the willingness to acquire practical skill in whatever profession or venture you deem fit." He nods slowly and returns to his work. Perhaps you underestimated his interest at all, but what's done is done. You avoid looking at the portrait of your mother, but you fancy you can feel her pity as you walk from the room.


You speak a little more freely in your talk with Mrs. Littlethwaite. She understands your reasoning and knows how unstable the Latimer family's fortunes are, but she also knows you have never cared for business, and she knows that to be a daemonologist is your dream. For a moment you are almost convinced by her honest kindness, but then you realize you could never go back on what you've said to your father. She nods and tells you she'll be proud no matter what you do, and that you must remember to write from wherever you end up. 


The next day your father announces you will go to London, where your brother will teach you how to manage some of the family's investments. He tries to conceal his pleasure as having two sons in business, but it's the most he's spoken to you in months. You don't mind. Everything still feels somewhat numb, and when you write a brief letter to the College informing them of your decision, you are hardly even disappointed.


Your trunk is already packed and you arrive in the city a few days later in a driving rain. Charles has arranged rooms for you off Fleet Street, quite near to St. Paul's Cathedral. They are bare but not unpleasant. You have decided to forget everything about your former ambition, and to that end have not replied to two letters from Peter Aubrey. You will never be a daemonologist, but that does not mean you cannot find happiness or be a useful member of society.


The room has a small desk, and there you sit most evenings, candle burning, studying figures and accounts that your brother brings you. Each day you travel with him to the Bank of England, the Exchange, the law courts, or one of the other places where business is done in the great metropolis. Your nights are harder, and every so often you still dream of the succubus, but she never appears in person. Perhaps it is the ankh you always wear, your one reminder of the College, perhaps you have successfully disappeared among the thousands and thousands that live in London, or perhaps she simply lost interest when you left your daemonological ambitions behind. You do not know.


It is not the life you had hoped for, but it is still a life.
> 
"Yes," says a great fat man with a monstrous chin, "it was consumption. Took him off last night, I believe. Charles Latimer's brother, you know."


"Sad really," says his companion, quite thin. "He wasn't a bad fellow at all, not really. Always polite when you met with him, always ready to talk about literature or natural philosophy. Not my areas of expertise, but still, a pleasant fellow. Not a very good man of business, no, but he was still young. He might have learned. His father and brother were clever."


"I wonder if the father will come down for the funeral. They say his gout is worse, and the family's fortunes never really recovered from the shock they took a few years ago. Why, it was the American that did it..." Their conversation turning to the effect of the latest developments in America on the price of tobacco and wheat, the two walk off in the direction of the Bank.


The year is 1780, and you are dead. Your life these past three years was not unpleasant, and as you learned the essentials of business you still managed to read literature, philosophy, and other learned subjects. You made a few friends, mostly other bookish men in business, the law, or the Church. Once you even met the great Dr. Johnson, who deigned to argue with you about the relative merits of two of Shakespeare's plays. No, your life in London was not unpleasant, only rather cold and gray.


Your passing was difficult, but, for a victim of consumption, not especially painful. Your father does come to London for the funeral, which is sparely attended. You are buried in the churchyard with Dr. Thewliss' ankh still around your neck. A few days later, just as you begin to decompose, a beautiful woman with dark lips and enormous silver wings comes to your grave. She reads your name on the stone and sighs, a melancholy look her pale face. She is too late. She flies into the night sky, her hunger awakened, and wonders which of the thousands of men below will satisfy it.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up gasping in a pool of sweat. It takes a few minutes before you realize it was a dream, the same dream that's come many times over the past year. Sometimes there will be a month in between the nightmares, sometimes only a few days, but they always come back, and they are always the same.


It's funny. The dreams look real, and indeed they even taste real, but after a couple hours you can never seem to remember exactly how those dark lips tasted or how the air grew hideously cold. You can't even remember what the woman's face looked like, only that she was very beautiful.


Today you'll have to force the images from your mind even faster. You can't afford to have these phantoms dancing around in your head during the examination, not after you've worked so hard just to have the chance at entering the College. It's been your dream for years, and who could blame you? The College is practically on your doorstep. Students come from across the country and some from the far corners of the world, but the great iron gates are barely ten minutes from your house. You passed them every day when you walked to school. Behind the gates you saw the students, laden with piles of old books, and the professors, some wizened old men, others .


Once you even caught a glimpse of the Chancellor himself, Dr. Fogg, stooping down to speak to a gardener. He wore a plain black suit, not much different from any merchant or gentleman, but his white beard grazed the grass as he peered through tiny spectacles at the flowers.


You head downstairs. Mrs. Littlethwaite, your family's cook, brings a plate of eggs, sausages, potatoes, and mushrooms, but you can only pick at the food. The sour dream taste is fading, but it doesn't leave much of an appetite behind. Still, you force down a cup of tea and manage some potatoes.


"Your father is in his study," Mrs. Littlethwaite calls from the kitchen. The order is left unsaid, but it still fills you with dread. You climb the narrow stairs and knock on his door. A moment later he calls you in.


He sits behind his desk, upon which sit a number of papers and a small brass balance. Augustus Latimer is tall and thick with a short beard. He motions you closer, still copying something from a huge ledger book. You stand silent as the minutes go by. You're not late, but every second makes you more and more nervous. All your notes are in a satchel upstairs- you'd like to be inside the examination room already, studying them one final time.
> You family history (Background)
The Latimers are an old merchant family, moderately wealthy burghers of Covingsford. Your great-grandfather sold wool, your grandfather invested in lead and copper mines in the southwest, and your father has a hand in everything. He owns shares of shipping companies, printing houses, steel foundries, slaughterhouses, insurance brokerages, and plantations in America (though he's had some trouble collecting payments since the war started). The money is tied up in half a hundred ventures, so complex that no one but him seems to know where it is at any time.


Your mother Amelia died from eclampsia shortly after giving birth to you. Her picture hangs in Augustus's study. She was thin and pretty, quite the contrast from your father. You favor her looks. When you were younger, you used to gaze at the picture for hours, wondering what she was like and why she had to die.


Your brother Charles is five years older, a broad-shouldered man of business just like your father. He spends half his time in London, managing the Latimer properties there, and even when he comes home he has little time for a bookish younger brother. He isn't unkind, but you haven't had a real conversation since you were about seven and he twelve.


Your father keeps a small staff, only Mrs. Littlethwaite, a few maids who never last long, and Simon, the butler. You had a governess, Miss Alice, but only when you were very young. She and Mrs. Littlethwaite were always kind to you, and though the latter's hearing has begun to go she is always willing to listen to your plans for school and the future.


Your home is a narrow, three-story house in the wealthy part of Covingsford, a small city in the north of England. It is famous for the College of Daemonologists, founded in 1450 by King Henry VI to train men to study and combat the dark powers of the universe and to protect the realm from their dangers. Like all Covingsford's citizens, your father is quite proud that his birthplace is home to such a revered institution (though that doesn't mean he's happy to have a son who aspires to attend!).<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up gasping in a pool of sweat. It takes a few minutes before you realize it was a dream, the same dream that's come many times over the past year. Sometimes there will be a month in between the nightmares, sometimes only a few days, but they always come back, and they are always the same.


It's funny. The dreams look real, and indeed they even taste real, but after a couple hours you can never seem to remember exactly how those dark lips tasted or how the air grew hideously cold. You can't even remember what the woman's face looked like, only that she was very beautiful.


Today you'll have to force the images from your mind even faster. You can't afford to have these phantoms dancing around in your head during the examination, not after you've worked so hard just to have the chance at entering the College. It's been your dream for years, and who could blame you? The College is practically on your doorstep. Students come from across the country and some from the far corners of the world, but the great iron gates are barely ten minutes from your house. You passed them every day when you walked to school. Behind the gates you saw the students, laden with piles of old books, and the professors, some wizened old men, others .


Once you even caught a glimpse of the Chancellor himself, Dr. Fogg, stooping down to speak to a gardener. He wore a plain black suit, not much different from any merchant or gentleman, but his white beard grazed the grass as he peered through tiny spectacles at the flowers.


You head downstairs. Mrs. Littlethwaite, your family's cook, brings a plate of eggs, sausages, potatoes, and mushrooms, but you can only pick at the food. The sour dream taste is fading, but it doesn't leave much of an appetite behind. Still, you force down a cup of tea and manage some potatoes.


"Your father is in his study," Mrs. Littlethwaite calls from the kitchen. The order is left unsaid, but it still fills you with dread. You climb the narrow stairs and knock on his door. A moment later he calls you in.


He sits behind his desk, upon which sit a number of papers and a small brass balance. Augustus Latimer is tall and thick with a short beard. He motions you closer, still copying something from a huge ledger book. You stand silent as the minutes go by. You're not late, but every second makes you more and more nervous. All your notes are in a satchel upstairs- you'd like to be inside the examination room already, studying them one final time.
> The world (Background)
Britain in 1777 is, as everyone knows, the center of the civilized and Christian world. King George is hardly popular, what with the troubles in America and at home, but the nation faces no real threat from the rebels, the French, or any other power. The British Navy rules the seas, British merchants and manufacturers are the wealthiest on the globe, and the English Church is well-known as the most learned and pious communion among the many factions of Christendom, perfectly suited for a humble and pious people. Literature and the arts are flourishing, as are the natural sciences, a testament to the superiority of British education and culture over the Continent. British power stretches from sea to sea, from America to India.


Security is never assured, however. The American rebels have the audacity (and stupidity) to seek independence, and though the war is not going poorly, it does seem to be dragging on rather longer than anyone anticipated. There is always the chance that France will ally with the colonies, which, though hardly enough to defeat His Majesty's forces on land and sea, would certainly be an annoyance.


And danger is always possible from the daemonic realm. Though a Christian people like the British need not fear for the sake of their souls, daemons can do a great deal of harm to their bodies and their property. They are constantly seeking to attack, to torment, and to tempt human beings, to draw them away from God and towards ruin. Though the Church and her ministers oppose them from the pulpit, it falls to the daemonologists to oppose them in the field of battle. 


In Britain, these defenders are trained (at least formally) only at Covingsford, but other countries have their own institution- the French at Poitiers, the Austrians at Prague, and so on. No power, not even the pagans of the East or the infidel Turks, would be mad enough actually ally with the daemonic forces, no matter how dire the need, but there are always individuals who are desperate or greedy enough to do so. So the daemonologists must always be ready. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Friday Night

6:30 PM

Bridgeport University


You find yourself standing outside your college dorm hall. All of your friends are complaining about your Composition and Rhetoric Professor. He assigned a 10 page paper on Monday. The paper is due tonight...by midnight.


"Did you get it done?" you hear your friends asking each other.


"Oh, totally! I had to get it done to go to the wild ass frat party tonight!" Another one responds.


"Hell yeah! We are going to get wasted!"


You sigh at the thought of not being able to go to a college frat party. Why couldn't the paper have been due by Saturday morning? Why midnight? Do professors sit by their computers with a hot cup of tea, awaiting their submissions to read overnight? Or do they get together with other professors and read the papers together? You digress.


Fumbling for your keys, you go into your single dorm room. The dorm hall is coed, but luckily nothing too crazy goes on around here. You flick on the light switch and walk over to your bed. You lay down and look at the ceiling. If you fall asleep now, you will definitely not get this paper done. 


You get up from the bed and walk over to your desk.


BZZZZZZZZZZZZ! 


You can hear your smartphone vibrating. You pick it up and check the notifications menu. It looks like your friend Nick wants to know if you're going to the party tonight.


"Are you going to the party tonight? It's going to be awesome!" Nick texts.


"I don't think I'm going to the party. I have a huge paper to write and it's due in a few hours!"  You reply.


Nick takes some time to type his message. He eventually sends a bunch of sad faces.


You put your phone down and angrily open your laptop. Looks like you better start typing this paper...



Open Word - Begin a New Story


Author's Note -  View a note from the author
> You open Word
You sit at your desk and open your laptop. It takes a couple seconds for the thing to boot up. When the desktop loads, you launch Microsoft Word and begin typing away:



ENGLI-1101

Comp & Rhetoric

Reflection Paper

Professor Blake


Once you type the heading, you tilt your head back and glance at your watch. "7 o'clock?! How am I going to be done with this paper in 5 hours?!" 


You let out a sigh of frustration and lift your head. Grabbing your headphones from your pocket, you slip them into your ears. "Maybe these will help." Moving your mouse to Spotify, you start playing instrumental jazz and begin your journey though paper B.S. land. 


After about 5 minutes, you manage to get 1 double spaced page done. "Yes!" Quickly. you hit Ctrl - S to save. 


BZZZZZZZZ-EUUUUUUUUUUU!


Suddenly, the lights and electronics around you go out. Your laptop turns off. "What just happened?"


Your dorm room is pitch black and you can't see anything. Quickly, you pull your smartphone from your pocket and switch on the flash, illuminating the room. You stumble several times, but eventually make your way to your door.The college dorm hall is in complete darkness. You hear the sound of girls screaming and guys laughing. You see your RA, Peter, stomping down the hallway.


"What's going on?" you ask him.


"Just go back to your room. The power is out right now. No one is allowed to leave."


"But I have a 10 page paper to finish!"


Peter shrugs his shoulders. "I'm sorry, I can't help you there."


He keeps walking down the hallway, eventually getting swallowed by the abyss of darkness.


You sigh and head back to your desk to turn on your laptop. You find it strange that your laptop turned off with the power outage, especially since your battery is in pretty good condition. Maybe the power outage caused some weird electrical impulse to surge through your laptop and crash the system? Perhaps you clicked on something you weren't supposed to. What if you caused the power outage?! Nevertheless, you boot up the desktop and search for your paper.


"Uh oh...the paper didn't save!"


It looks like you'll have to start all over again! You feel your inner primate sense wanting to throw the laptop across the wall. Your laptop's battery is at 60%, so ideally you do have more than a couple hours without power to go. You try to brainstorm ideas on what to do now...


Important Choice: Do you risk leaving the dorm to get your paper done? OR Do you stay here and wait for the power to go back on?
> You risk leaving dorm to get paper done.
You have decided to risk leaving the dorm to get your paper done.


Grabbing your laptop, you unplug the power brick and slide everything into your back pack. How are you supposed to type your paper in this darkness? Who knows how long it will take for the power to go back on. Slowly, you tip-toe your way to the front door and gently rest your ear on the cold surface. You don't hear much, besides the chirping of crickets from outside your window.


You put your hand on your door handle and slowly open the door. Peaking your eyes out like a hawk, you search for Peter. The hallway is completely shrouded in darkness. Even if Peter was outside, he probably would have no chance of seeing anyone.


Like a sly fox, you slide out of your dorm room and gently pull the door shut. 


click


The door silently locks in place.

Despite the fact that the dorm hall is in darkness, your eyes get used to your surroundings. As you make your way to the stairwell, you hear Peter. 


"I swear, if I catch anyone that sneaks out of their dorms, they are going to be in some serious trouble!"


Uh-oh. Better hide from Peter! The door to the staircase opens, just as quickly, Peter comes out and dashes down the hall. As the door is closing, you slide in between the open threshold and make your way outside.


The smell of freshly cut grass, the sound of crickets chirping in the night, the crescent moon in the sky...it feels good to be free from that dorm room. You make your way down the path to a fork in the sidewalk. 


On one side, you see a peaceful looking bench in the college park. On the other side, there's the way to the campus library. 


Decisions decisions.
> You go to the Park Bench
You make your way to the park bench and sit down. Surrounding the bench are several oak trees. You can hear the sound of an owl from high up above. 


Hoo hoo! Hoo hoo!


Unzipping your backpack, you pull out your laptop and continue typing your paper. The relaxation of being outside clears your mind, and you manage to take out another page of your paper along the way. 


Pages increased by 1!
> You continue
You're about to begin another page of your paper when you see Nick coming by.


"Hello, and how might you be doing on this fine night?" Nick says as he sits on the bench next to you.


You proceed to tell Nick about the power going out in your dorm. 


"That's crazy! I can't believe that something like that could happen here! It's not even storming or anything either."


You nod in agreement at Nick's observation. Perhaps it wasn't a storm, but instead a crazy college scheme that caused the power to go out. Whatever the case may be, you have a paper to finish.


Nick pulls out his phone and starts scrolling through it. 


"I've been seeing the craziest snapchats of the frat party tonight! Did you finish your paper so we can go?"


You look at Nick, eyes gleaming at his phone in excitement. As far as you know, Nick doesn't have too many friends, and he's been so adamant on wanting you to go to this party with him. You look at your laptop page count and then back at him. Maybe going to the party for an hour will alleviate some stress. It's not like you'll be there the whole night. What's the worse that can happen?


On the other hand, what if Nick gets drunk? You'll end up spending the rest of the night watching him and making sure he doesn't do anything stupid. Or you could just tell Nick that you haven't finished the paper yet and need to get it done. That frat party does sound pretty fun though...


"I..uh..well..."


Important Choice: Do you tell Nick the truth that your paper isn't finished yet? OR Do you lie to Nick and tell him that you finished your paper?
> You tell Nick the truth about not finishing your paper
"Nick, I haven't finished the paper yet. I really want to go to this frat party, but if I don't get this done, I could fail the class!" 


Nick looks at you with disappointment. "What did I tell you about procrastinating?!" 


"I know." you look down and nod.


"It just leads to more stress! I mean look at you!"


"I know, I know." you shrug your shoulders. "It's part of me, part of my DNA."


Nick lets out a sarcastic laugh. "Yeah, and so is laziness...I have an idea."


"What's that?" you ask him. 


"Come with me back to my dorm and finish the paper there. My dorm still has power. When you finish the paper, we can go to the frat party!"


Your eyes widen in excitement. "Really?! You'd do that for me?!"


Nick puts his hand on your shoulder. "Of course!"
> You say "Nick, I could kiss you right now!"
Nick is surprised by your flirty comment. He gets up from the bench and motions you to go with him. "Well, we will be in MY dorm room, where we could have some privacy." He winks at you. 


You find yourself blushing at Nick's attempt at flattery as well. For once, you seem to really notice his dark tan skin, bulging biceps, and spiky hair. The thought of really kissing him gives you uneasy feelings.


Will Ferrell's quote: "Well that escalated quickly." comes to mind. Who knows? You've known Nick for several months now. Maybe a date with him isn't such a bad idea.


"Hello? Anyone in there?" Nick waves his hand in your face, breaking your thoughts.


"Sorry!" you apologize quickly. "Let's go to your dorm!"
> You nick's Dorm
Nick gets up and you soon trail along with him. The both of you walk across the way from the school library, past the campus fountain, all the way over to the apartment style housing. You both approach a security door. Nick waves his key card and unlocks it, allowing you both access inside the building. You follow Nick up two floors and down the hall to his room. 


"After you." Nick says as he lets you inside.


The apartment style housing is much better than the dorm you have. Featuring two bedrooms, a full kitchen, dining area, and an entertainment room, Nick seems to be really living it up in college. Nick takes you to through the entertainment area to his room. He walks inside past you and flips on the light switch.


"You can plug in your laptop on my desk over there." 


You nod and walk over to his desk. On top of it, you see a giant mammoth size laptop.


"What brand is this?" you ask while pointing to the brick of a computer.


Nick looks at his laptop and laughs. "That right there, is my baby. Featuring an Intel M processor, 16 gigabytes of RAM, 256 gigabytes of solid state storage, an NVIDIA graphics card with dedicated storage, dual fans for maximum cooling, and the new update of Windows 10."


You turn around and look back at the giant computer, trying to imagine Nick lugging that thing to class with him. You shake your head, not wanting to think about this and focus  on your paper instead. 


Nick walks over to the bed and lies down. He plugs in his phone and pulls out his tablet. You look over at the him.


"Is that your baby too?" you joke.


Nick caresses his tablet like a child. "Yes, they are all my babies."


Jokes aside, you decide to pull out your laptop and start getting your paper done. 
> You continue Typing Paper
A half and hour passes by. You look at the time:


  8:30 PM 


Only three and a half hours left until your paper is due. Luckily for you, another page is done! The bad news: this paper is taking A LOT LONGER than you expected. 


Pages increased by 1!


You turn around to see what Nick is up to. Shirt off, completely in boxers, the guy is passed out on his bed. Feeling bad, you put a blanket over him and continue with your paper. 
> You cuddle with Nick
You decide to grab the blanket and get in bed with Nick. You feel his body up against yours. You then feel him wake up and turn around. 


"When I said privacy, I wasn't expecting this." he smiles at you and puts his arm around your shoulder to cuddle. You can feel the hairs of his arm on your face as you lie comfortably on his bed. 


"Did you finish your paper yet?" Nick asks curiously. You can tell that he's genuinely concerned about it now.


"No, I didn't get it done yet. I might not get it done for a while. Are you sure you don't just want to go to the frat party without me?"


Nick grabs you and pulls you closer to his body. "I'm sure, after all, I'd rather be right here with you instead."


You can feel your heart beat faster at the thought of kissing Nick. Then reality hits you and you realize that if you do anything with him right now, chances are, midnight will come a lot sooner than you think. Slowly, you move Nick's grasp off your body and get out of his bed. 


"Bed's open for you anytime." Nick turns around and goes back to sleep.


You head back to his desk and type away at your paper. 
> You continue with your Paper
You continue your trek through B.S. Paper Land. Actually, the paper is quite good. Over the course that you've been doing it, you've managed to get several decent sources. You make sure to save every couple minutes, just in case the power goes out in Nick's dorm. 


After another half hour, you finish another page.


Pages increased by 1!
> You continue
BZZZZZZZZZZ!!!


You hear the sound of Nick's phone vibrating. He turns around from the bed and picks it up. He unlocks the screen and starts typing into it. 


"Holy crap! We need to go to this party!"


"Why? What's so special about it now?" 


Nick hands you his phone. "Alpha Sigma Phi is hosting the largest party of the year, and guess who's going to be there?!"


"Who?"


"The Robotic Otters!" 


Robotic Otters is a new pop group that has taken the world by storm through YouTube. Every one of their videos has reached over a million views. The fact that Alpha Sigma Phi could score a music group like this is mind boggling. 


"We need to go!" 


Nick pulls on his clothes and drags you off his desk chair.


"But what about my paper?!"


Nick stops and thinks. "Well maybe the frat house will have a place that you can do your paper in? They have free WiFi."


The thought of you finishing your paper in a frat party scares you. After all, what if your laptop gets beer or worse, spilled on it? 


You glance at your page count and look at Nick. You can see his puppy dog eyes. 


"No, not the puppy dog eyes!" 


"Pwease?"


"Alright, fine!"


The two of you leave Nick's apartment and make your way to the Alpha Sigma Phi frat party.
> You frat Party
"Welcome to the Alpha Sigma Phi Par-TAEEEEEE!!!!" 


Nick and you make your way to the fraternity house. The house itself it practically a mansion on the outside. Featuring well over 10 bedrooms and bathrooms, a pool and gym area, entertainment center, spa, and garden, this is the place to be if you're in Greek Life. 


As you approach the front of the house, you see several groups of people doing keg-stands, guys streaking across the yard, people taking selfies with selfie sticks on the porch, and beach balls flying in the air. The sound of today's pop music can be heard from miles away, getting louder and louder with each step that you take. You can feel your heart pulsing through your body, adrenaline rising. 


You have never been to a frat party before.


"How awesome is this?!" Nick screams at you as he turns around and makes his way to the front porch. When you finally squeeze past several crowds, you step past the front door. 


Inside, the frat house is bustling with people. An army of solo cups have invaded the entire mansion; on the floor, in the hands of guests, on the stairs, and some even hanging across the chandelier. You cower your head, hoping that a cup of beer doesn't fly down and hit your face...or worse, your laptop. 


When you look back down again, you suddenly realize that you lost Nick.


"Nick?!" you shout. You look around the foyer. All you see are crowds of unfamiliar faces. It looks like you'll have to do some exploring through this party to find him...


Then again, you could also find some decent spots to type your paper while you look for him as well...
> You explore the Mansion
You find yourself in the foyer of the massive frat party. Tons of people are just standing around, getting drunk, and dancing. You aren't sure where Nick is, so it's time to explore this mansion...
> You go to the Kitchen
You make your way past several tipsy girls, wasted men, and more solo cups. Eventually, you make it into the mansion's kitchen.


The kitchen itself is massive, featuring a large countertop island with stools, two stainless steal refrigerators, an industrial stove, and cooking stations.


Holding trays of gourmet food, several chefs push past you.


"We are on a shortage of solo cups!" you hear a chef shout from the entrance.


"Here, take this bag!" a female chef shouts back to the guy. She hurls a large, plastic bag of solo cups across the room. The bag flies into the air and crashes on the floor, bursting open. 


"Ah, crap!"


You help the chef clean up the solo cups. 


"Thanks for helping me! It's time to bring these to the bar. Here, you can have one if you want." the chef leaves an empty solo cup on the counter. He then turns around and goes.


You don't intend on drinking tonight. Should you take the cup?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find yourself in the foyer of the massive frat party. Tons of people are just standing around, getting drunk, and dancing. You aren't sure where Nick is, so it's time to explore this mansion...
> You go to the Entertainment Area
"Nick? Are you in here?" you shout as you walk down the long hallway to the Entertainment Complex. 


The area of this part of the mansion is huge. On one end of the room, you see people in the home theater watching a TV show. Most of them are couples making out.


You turn your head to the other side of the room and see a bunch of people playing billiards and bowling. 


A bowling alley in this frat house?! How come you didn't join this Greek organization!?


"Where could Nick be?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find yourself in the foyer of the massive frat party. Tons of people are just standing around, getting drunk, and dancing. You aren't sure where Nick is, so it's time to explore this mansion...
> You go to the Dining Room
"Nick? Are you in here?"


You make your way past several crowds and walk past the threshold to the dining room. 


Besides the usual invasion of solo cups, there's several buffet tables on both ends of the room, each serving their own choices. On one side, you see pancakes, eggs, waffles, French toast, bacon, hash browns, and cereal. There's even a "fruit juice station" filled with organic and tasty juices like orange, strawberry, and pineapple. On the other side of the room, you see roast chicken, steak sirloin, lobster, crab legs, and salmon. There's a Chinese station with fried rice, mandarin chicken, egg rolls, and fortune cookies. In the center of the room, there's an open bar. Most of the people in this room seem to have their attention on the open bar.


GURGLE!


You put your hand on your stomach. The sight of all this beautiful food makes you want to grab a plate really badly. On the other hand, you could sit at a nearby table and type another page of your paper...
> You type another page of your paper
Laptop bag on your shoulder, you make your way to an empty corner of the room. Plugging in your laptop, you open the screen and start typing away. You manage to get a page going in no time!


When you lift your head, you see several chefs closing the dish platters.


GURGLE!


You feel the rumbling of your stomach. Looks like you missed your chance at dinner for the night, but at least you got another page of your paper done! Getting up, you make your way out of the dining room.


Pages increased by 1!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Nick? Are you in here?"


You make your way past several crowds and walk past the threshold to the dining room. 


Besides the usual invasion of solo cups, there's several buffet tables on both ends of the room, each serving their own choices. On one side, you see pancakes, eggs, waffles, French toast, bacon, hash browns, and cereal. There's even a "fruit juice station" filled with organic and tasty juices like orange, strawberry, and pineapple. On the other side of the room, you see roast chicken, steak sirloin, lobster, crab legs, and salmon. There's a Chinese station with fried rice, mandarin chicken, egg rolls, and fortune cookies. In the center of the room, there's an open bar. Most of the people in this room seem to have their attention on the open bar.


GURGLE!


You put your hand on your stomach. The sight of all this beautiful food makes you want to grab a plate really badly. On the other hand, you could sit at a nearby table and type another page of your paper...
> You grab a plate to eat!
Maybe it's better to quench your appetite now. Grabbing a plate, you follow the beautiful smell of free (Yes, you heard that right.) FREE dinner. Not many college students can say that they've had the opportunity to eat a gourmet frat party dinner for free.


You start by following the line to the breakfast table, swinging around past the juice stations, and on to the fresh pastries. At about halfway through the line, you decide to take a break and eat what you've acquired. Then it's on to the steak, chicken, and lobster!


By the time you get out of the line, your once gurgling stomach is now about to explode! You feel so full, it's making you sleepy. You didn't manage to get a page of your paper done, but you did eat like royalty tonight! 


Slowly, you make your way back to the main hall of the mansion party. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find yourself in the foyer of the massive frat party. Tons of people are just standing around, getting drunk, and dancing. You aren't sure where Nick is, so it's time to explore this mansion...
> You go to the Bathrooms
Pushing past crowds upon crowds of people, you make your way to the mansion's bathrooms. Maybe you could get a page of your paper done in the bathroom. After all, no one will bother you, and everyone will think you just have a stomach ache. To your horror, a massive line is protruding from the doors. Someone even had the audacity to put a sign where you are standing.


"About a 1 Hour Wait for Bathrooms"


You look at your watch. There is no way that you are getting in that bathroom. At least, at the state it's in right now. Unless you can figure out an alternate way...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find yourself in the foyer of the massive frat party. Tons of people are just standing around, getting drunk, and dancing. You aren't sure where Nick is, so it's time to explore this mansion...
> You go Upstairs
Making your way past drunk couples, sleazy guys, and tipsy girls, you finally get up the stairs. You look both ways at two massive hallways with rooms. You see people waiting in line to get into the bedrooms. 


You decide to walk down one of the hallways, noticing a couple finally getting their room.


"Charlie, did you make sure to bring the clown costume I told you about?"


"Yes, Elizabeth! Of course I brought it with me! I love our role plays!"


"You are such a naughty guy, I love it!"


"I love you!"


"I love you too."


They shut the door behind them. You find yourself very confused and grossed out at the same time. The thought of people taking turns to have sex in these bedrooms just sounds like a health hazard. On the other hand, you could get a page done while in the bedroom by yourself.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find yourself in the foyer of the massive frat party. Tons of people are just standing around, getting drunk, and dancing. You aren't sure where Nick is, so it's time to explore this mansion...
> You go Downstairs to the Basement
You turn the corner and head downstairs to the lower level of the frat house mansion. Even in the lowest level of the house, the party is still as strong as ever. 


The basement of the mansion is a massive, open layout featuring a sports bar, hot tub area, several poker tables, a slot machine section, and a hookah lounge.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find yourself in the foyer of the massive frat party. Tons of people are just standing around, getting drunk, and dancing. You aren't sure where Nick is, so it's time to explore this mansion...
> You go to the Backyard
You push past the crowds and make your way to the backyard. 


"Woah..."


The backyard of the frat party mansion is huge.


In front of you is a massive pool. People seem to be swimming, dancing, playing with beach balls, and getting drunk.


Behind the pool, you can see the stage area for the Robotic Otters. The stage area is blocked by a fence, except for one area, which is being guarded by a bouncer. A large sign in front of the entrance says: 


"Only People with Drinks are Allowed. Bouncer will Check!"


You look around the backyard for Nick, but don't see any sign of him. Perhaps he made his way inside the concert. Either way, you'll have to go in there. Mind as well figure out a way to go in. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Nick, I haven't finished the paper yet. I really want to go to this frat party, but if I don't get this done, I could fail the class!" 


Nick looks at you with disappointment. "What did I tell you about procrastinating?!" 


"I know." you look down and nod.


"It just leads to more stress! I mean look at you!"


"I know, I know." you shrug your shoulders. "It's part of me, part of my DNA."


Nick lets out a sarcastic laugh. "Yeah, and so is laziness...I have an idea."


"What's that?" you ask him. 


"Come with me back to my dorm and finish the paper there. My dorm still has power. When you finish the paper, we can go to the frat party!"


Your eyes widen in excitement. "Really?! You'd do that for me?!"


Nick puts his hand on your shoulder. "Of course!"
> You say "You're such a good friend!"
Nick smiles and puts his arm around you. "That's what friends are for. Now hurry up and get this paper finished so we can go to that awesome party!"


"Definitely, I hope I can get it done by then."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You're about to begin another page of your paper when you see Nick coming by.


"Hello, and how might you be doing on this fine night?" Nick says as he sits on the bench next to you.


You proceed to tell Nick about the power going out in your dorm. 


"That's crazy! I can't believe that something like that could happen here! It's not even storming or anything either."


You nod in agreement at Nick's observation. Perhaps it wasn't a storm, but instead a crazy college scheme that caused the power to go out. Whatever the case may be, you have a paper to finish.


Nick pulls out his phone and starts scrolling through it. 


"I've been seeing the craziest snapchats of the frat party tonight! Did you finish your paper so we can go?"


You look at Nick, eyes gleaming at his phone in excitement. As far as you know, Nick doesn't have too many friends, and he's been so adamant on wanting you to go to this party with him. You look at your laptop page count and then back at him. Maybe going to the party for an hour will alleviate some stress. It's not like you'll be there the whole night. What's the worse that can happen?


On the other hand, what if Nick gets drunk? You'll end up spending the rest of the night watching him and making sure he doesn't do anything stupid. Or you could just tell Nick that you haven't finished the paper yet and need to get it done. That frat party does sound pretty fun though...


"I..uh..well..."


Important Choice: Do you tell Nick the truth that your paper isn't finished yet? OR Do you lie to Nick and tell him that you finished your paper?
> You lie to Nick and say you finished the paper
"I actually...uh...finished the paper." 


"You did?! That's awesome! Do you realize what that means?!"


Nick puts his hand around your shoulder. 


"What does it mean?" you plead with him.


"That means we're going to the BEST FRAT PARTY EVER!"


He pushes you off the bench and makes you follow him off campus to the fraternity houses. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You have decided to risk leaving the dorm to get your paper done.


Grabbing your laptop, you unplug the power brick and slide everything into your back pack. How are you supposed to type your paper in this darkness? Who knows how long it will take for the power to go back on. Slowly, you tip-toe your way to the front door and gently rest your ear on the cold surface. You don't hear much, besides the chirping of crickets from outside your window.


You put your hand on your door handle and slowly open the door. Peaking your eyes out like a hawk, you search for Peter. The hallway is completely shrouded in darkness. Even if Peter was outside, he probably would have no chance of seeing anyone.


Like a sly fox, you slide out of your dorm room and gently pull the door shut. 


click


The door silently locks in place.

Despite the fact that the dorm hall is in darkness, your eyes get used to your surroundings. As you make your way to the stairwell, you hear Peter. 


"I swear, if I catch anyone that sneaks out of their dorms, they are going to be in some serious trouble!"


Uh-oh. Better hide from Peter! The door to the staircase opens, just as quickly, Peter comes out and dashes down the hall. As the door is closing, you slide in between the open threshold and make your way outside.


The smell of freshly cut grass, the sound of crickets chirping in the night, the crescent moon in the sky...it feels good to be free from that dorm room. You make your way down the path to a fork in the sidewalk. 


On one side, you see a peaceful looking bench in the college park. On the other side, there's the way to the campus library. 


Decisions decisions.
> You go to the School Library
You make your way to the school library. At least they'll have electricity so you can get your paper done and charge your laptop. 


With each step down the sidewalk, the fresh night air breezes past your face, making you feel refreshed.


"Oh my gosh! Everyone get out of the library!" 

"This has never happened before!"

"I left my backpack in there!"


As you approach the library, you can see several students and librarians screaming and running away. When you get to the entrance, you approach a librarian. 


"What is going on over here?" you ask her.


"There's...ROACHES!!!!" the librarian screams and turns to run out the door. 


Roaches? In the library? You sigh and turn around to head back the way you came. Several campus security cars pull up and tell students to evacuate the library. 
> You to the Park Bench
You make your way to the park bench and see Nick on his phone. He looks up and waves at you.


"Hello, and how might you be doing on this fine night?"


You proceed to tell Nick about the power going out in your dorm and then the cockroaches in the library.


"That's crazy! I can't believe something like that could happen here! It's not even storming or anything either. And the roaches?! Woah! Hope I didn't take any back to my dorm!"


You nod in agreement at Nick's observation. Perhaps it wasn't a storm, but instead a crazy college scheme that caused the power to go out. The roaches are a whole other story of their own. Whatever the case may be, you have a paper to finish.


Nick pulls out his phone and starts scrolling through it. 


"I've been seeing the craziest snapchats of the frat party tonight! Did you finish your paper so we can go?"


You look at Nick, eyes gleaming at his phone in excitement. As far as you know, Nick doesn't have too many friends, and he's been so adamant on wanting you to go to this party with him. You look at your laptop page count and then back at him. Maybe going to the party for an hour will alleviate some stress. It's not like you'll be there the whole night. What's the worse that can happen?


On the other hand, what if Nick gets drunk? You'll end up spending the rest of the night watching him and making sure he doesn't do anything stupid. Or you could just tell Nick that you haven't finished the paper yet and need to get it done. That frat party does sound pretty fun though...


"I..uh..well..."


Important Choice: Do you tell Nick the truth that your paper isn't finished yet? OR Do you lie to Nick and tell him that you finished your paper?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sit at your desk and open your laptop. It takes a couple seconds for the thing to boot up. When the desktop loads, you launch Microsoft Word and begin typing away:



ENGLI-1101

Comp & Rhetoric

Reflection Paper

Professor Blake


Once you type the heading, you tilt your head back and glance at your watch. "7 o'clock?! How am I going to be done with this paper in 5 hours?!" 


You let out a sigh of frustration and lift your head. Grabbing your headphones from your pocket, you slip them into your ears. "Maybe these will help." Moving your mouse to Spotify, you start playing instrumental jazz and begin your journey though paper B.S. land. 


After about 5 minutes, you manage to get 1 double spaced page done. "Yes!" Quickly. you hit Ctrl - S to save. 


BZZZZZZZZ-EUUUUUUUUUUU!


Suddenly, the lights and electronics around you go out. Your laptop turns off. "What just happened?"


Your dorm room is pitch black and you can't see anything. Quickly, you pull your smartphone from your pocket and switch on the flash, illuminating the room. You stumble several times, but eventually make your way to your door.The college dorm hall is in complete darkness. You hear the sound of girls screaming and guys laughing. You see your RA, Peter, stomping down the hallway.


"What's going on?" you ask him.


"Just go back to your room. The power is out right now. No one is allowed to leave."


"But I have a 10 page paper to finish!"


Peter shrugs his shoulders. "I'm sorry, I can't help you there."


He keeps walking down the hallway, eventually getting swallowed by the abyss of darkness.


You sigh and head back to your desk to turn on your laptop. You find it strange that your laptop turned off with the power outage, especially since your battery is in pretty good condition. Maybe the power outage caused some weird electrical impulse to surge through your laptop and crash the system? Perhaps you clicked on something you weren't supposed to. What if you caused the power outage?! Nevertheless, you boot up the desktop and search for your paper.


"Uh oh...the paper didn't save!"


It looks like you'll have to start all over again! You feel your inner primate sense wanting to throw the laptop across the wall. Your laptop's battery is at 60%, so ideally you do have more than a couple hours without power to go. You try to brainstorm ideas on what to do now...


Important Choice: Do you risk leaving the dorm to get your paper done? OR Do you stay here and wait for the power to go back on?
> You stay in the dorm and wait for the power to go back on.
You have decided to stay in the dorm and wait for the power to go back on.


The dark doesn't scare you! Opening your laptop, you go back to Microsoft Word and start typing your paper again. Your laptop battery happens to be at 50%, which should be good enough for a couple hours...you hope...


With the power being out in your dorm, you realize how quiet the place really is. All you can hear is the sound of crickets chirping. Occasionally, you'll hear Peter, your dorm RA, pacing back and forth in the hallway. Other than that, it is the most peaceful place you've ever encountered it to be.


After about half an hour, you finish a page of your paper. Way to go!


Pages increased by 1! 


Knock Knock Knock!


Looks like someone is at the door. Quickly, you save your paper and walk over to the knocking sound.


"Who's there?" you ask calmly.


"It's Peter, the RA." you hear Peter's voice from the outside the door. He sounds like he's been breathing heavily. You open the door and are attacked by a wave of bright lights. 


"My eyes!" you shout loudly. Peter moves his phone from your face.


"Oh crap! I'm sorry. Didn't think you'd open the door that fast!"


"How's the power situation coming along?" you ask him. From what you can see through the abyss of complete darkness - save for Peter's lighthouse of a phone's camera flash - Peter sighs and rests his back on the wall next to your door. 


"It looks like the power situation is going to be much worse than we thought. I'm coming by to let people know that they can leave the dorms for now. As it turns out; however, people are sneaking out! Little do they know, they're going to get quite the write up when they get back."


You sigh in relief that Peter can't see your pale face in the dorm hallway. Good thing you didn't risk sneaking out of the dorm. 


"Anyway, I really appreciate that you listened to me. After all, safety comes first."


With that, Peter walks away, allowing you to leave your dorm. You step back inside your room to grab you belongings. Good thing you got at least another page done! With your laptop battery on the verge of dying soon, you figure finding someplace else to do your paper would be the best course of action. You step outside, lock your door, and make your way down the staircase to the exit.
> You continue
The smell of freshly cut grass, the sound of crickets chirping in the night, the crescent moon in the sky...it feels good to be free from that dorm room. You make your way along the path and come to a fork in the sidewalk.


On one side, you have a peaceful looking bench in the college park. You suppose you could get a page of your paper done there. The weather is pretty warm for a Friday, and you don't recall seeing rain in the weather's forecast. On the other side, there's the way to the campus library. The campus library could be a pretty relaxing place to get work done as well. (And it has power!)


Decisions decisions.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Friday Night

6:30 PM

Bridgeport University


You find yourself standing outside your college dorm hall. All of your friends are complaining about your Composition and Rhetoric Professor. He assigned a 10 page paper on Monday. The paper is due tonight...by midnight.


"Did you get it done?" you hear your friends asking each other.


"Oh, totally! I had to get it done to go to the wild ass frat party tonight!" Another one responds.


"Hell yeah! We are going to get wasted!"


You sigh at the thought of not being able to go to a college frat party. Why couldn't the paper have been due by Saturday morning? Why midnight? Do professors sit by their computers with a hot cup of tea, awaiting their submissions to read overnight? Or do they get together with other professors and read the papers together? You digress.


Fumbling for your keys, you go into your single dorm room. The dorm hall is coed, but luckily nothing too crazy goes on around here. You flick on the light switch and walk over to your bed. You lay down and look at the ceiling. If you fall asleep now, you will definitely not get this paper done. 


You get up from the bed and walk over to your desk.


BZZZZZZZZZZZZ! 


You can hear your smartphone vibrating. You pick it up and check the notifications menu. It looks like your friend Nick wants to know if you're going to the party tonight.


"Are you going to the party tonight? It's going to be awesome!" Nick texts.


"I don't think I'm going to the party. I have a huge paper to write and it's due in a few hours!"  You reply.


Nick takes some time to type his message. He eventually sends a bunch of sad faces.


You put your phone down and angrily open your laptop. Looks like you better start typing this paper...



Open Word - Begin a New Story


Author's Note -  View a note from the author
> You author's Note
Welcome to "Before Midnight", the newest and latest story from me, AppDude27.


Thank you for taking the time to play this story game! I would appreciate it if you could leave a rating and comment after your experience. Any feedback will help me a lot!


Before you start typing that paper, I must let you know that there are several branching paths that you can take. Every choice that you make, even the smallest, will have consequences. (This includes social, physical, grabbing or not grabbing items, and even which way you go.)


Some tips:

- Try to make honest decisions, it will make the story much more meaningful to you.



- There is a male lead character, Nick, that makes several appearances in the story. All of my stories that involve "you" as the main character are gender-friendly. That means that my stories don't assume that you are male or female. If given the choice to flirt or be friends with Nick, the decision is entirely yours. I respect all sexual orientations and beliefs. 



- Very important choices in the game will look like this. Those choices will change the course of the story. Any choices that are not blue will still change the story, as well, but not with as much gravity as the blue choices. Near the end of the story, there will be less choices to choose from; however, depending on your actions earlier in the story, the later choices can change.



-There are several endings to this story. There is also a "Secret Ending".


- Just keep an open mind and enjoy the story. That's what we're here for!
> You continue
Friday Night

6:30 PM

Bridgeport University


You find yourself standing outside your college dorm hall. All of your friends are complaining about your Composition and Rhetoric Professor. He assigned a 10 page paper on Monday. The paper is due tonight...by midnight.


"Did you get it done?" you hear your friends asking each other.


"Oh, totally! I had to get it done to go to the wild ass frat party tonight!" Another one responds.


"Hell yeah! We are going to get wasted!"


You sigh at the thought of not being able to go to a college frat party. Why couldn't the paper have been due by Saturday morning? Why midnight? Do professors sit by their computers with a hot cup of tea, awaiting their submissions to read overnight? Or do they get together with other professors and read the papers together? You digress.


Fumbling for your keys, you go into your single dorm room. The dorm hall is coed, but luckily nothing too crazy goes on around here. You flick on the light switch and walk over to your bed. You lay down and look at the ceiling. If you fall asleep now, you will definitely not get this paper done. 


You get up from the bed and walk over to your desk.


BZZZZZZZZZZZZ! 


You can hear your smartphone vibrating. You pick it up and check the notifications menu. It looks like your friend Nick wants to know if you're going to the party tonight.


"Are you going to the party tonight? It's going to be awesome!" Nick texts.


"I don't think I'm going to the party. I have a huge paper to write and it's due in a few hours!"  You reply.


Nick takes some time to type his message. He eventually sends a bunch of sad faces.


You put your phone down and angrily open your laptop. Looks like you better start typing this paper...



Open Word - Begin a New Story


Author's Note -  View a note from the author<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>When you first laid eyes on her she was unconscious. And underwater. But, she was still an amazing sight.

You had been snorkeling off the coast of your seclude island you live on, in taking the beauty of the multi colored fish and billowing sea plants. You see fish wandering over to a part of the ocean you hadn’t snorkeled near before. Curious, you followed them and were shocked to find a girl lying unconscious on the ocean floor. You immediately plunge down and grab the girl, pulling her to the shore.

You didn’t know much about CPR, with living alone on an island and all, but luckily you didn’t need to. As soon as she reached the surface she started breathing. You carry her from the soft sand to your hut made out of sticks and palm leaves and you laid her on your couch. Years before you lived on the island you had packed up everything you owned in your house that didn’t need electricity and basically moved to the seclude island. You were fed up with all the noise of the city and you decided you wanted to become a hermit—with the basic comforts of modern day like a bed, couch, and other furniture.

As she lay on your couch, you were able to get a good look at her. Her brown hair was like a waterfall on her shoulders and she wore a silk blue satin dress that flowed on her legs like a mermaid tail. She obviously wasn’t dressed for swimming. You thought that maybe she just fell overboard from a boat and the crash knocked her out. Though why she was so close to shore, you didn’t know.

Hours later, she comes to. She opens her marble blue eyes and looks around, looking quite scared. She spots you and her eyes widen and she tenses up. You have to calm her down.

 
> You soothe like a mother
“It’s okay, it’s okay,” you soothe, putting a hand on her shoulder. She flinches and drew back, looking more frightened. “Really, you don’t have to be afraid. You’re safe now.” She obviously has no idea what you are talking about. “You were underwater, and I pulled you up. Really, I’m a good person.” You scoot a little closer and she stands up abruptly and slips. You reach out to grab her as she falls and you catch her hand just before she hits the ground. You pull her up and she falls into your arms. She looks into your eyes and blushes, pushing you away. She crosses the room and sits down into a single wooden chair and looks away. She refuses to even look at you for days. She doesn’t talk either.
> You her smile
A few days after the rescue, you are getting fed up with the girl. She looks around your age, twenty or so, and is stunning. But she won't smile.

She won't talk, will barely look at you, and she won't show any emotion to you. Every morning is the same routine--wake her up, eat a small breakfast, and try to get her to do something. Unfortunately, she never does anything but gaze out the window and watches the waves of the ocean.

Finally the day comes when you are determined to make her smile. You sit down next to her at the window and she glances at you.

"Hi," you greet softly. She keeps her gaze locked on the ocean. "Um . . ."
> You tell a cheesy joke
"Why did the chicken cross the road?" She looks at you and raises her eyebrow. "To show the possum it could be done." Her lips curled up a bit into a smile. You grin and say, "You wanna hear another joke?" She nods.
> You musical joke
"Why did Mozart sell his chickens?" she looks at you, confused. "Because they kept going 'Bach, Bach, Bach'." She snorts a laugh and shakes her head slightly, looking into your eyes. She smiles warmly puts a light hand on your shoulder. She looks deep into your eyes and you look into hers, entranced by the blue and green swirling around her pupils. After a moment she looks away and pulls her hand away, then went back to staring out the window.
> You thoughtful Times
After a month, better things started to happen between you two . . .
> You speech
The mysterious girl one day takes notice of your painting. Years ago a paint set washed up on shore along with a drenched canvas. You spent days trying to dry it well enough to use and slowly, but surely, it did and you spent even more days painting a beautiful masterpiece of the ocean shore that can be seen during the sunset with a couple of mermaids and wildlife swimming in the ocean.

The girl starts staring at the painting rather than through the window, day after day. You find yourself starting to watch her everyday as well, studying her features, adoring her body, and wondering so hard what her voice sounds like. You imagine every tone you can that could fit the beautiful body of the girl, but you can't decide which would fit her best.

I don't even know her name, you realize. I have to get her to talk. But how . . .?
> You ask her name
"What's your name?" you ask as you come up behind her. She flinches and snaps her head toward you. Her eyes twinkle in fright and she shakes her head. "Why not?"

"I-I'm not ready," she stutters quietly, not looking away from you.

"You talked," you whisper, leaning lightly against the wall. "If you can talk at all, I think you're ready to tell me your name."

She looks down at the floor. "Marina."

"Marina?" You almost laugh. "I've never heard of any name like that."

"My parents were from Spain, so they wanted to give me a Spanish name. They named me after part of the word 'seasalt' in Spanish. Sal marina is seasalt in Spanish. Sal wasn't a very suitable name, so they went with Marina."

"Well, it's very beautiful, once you get used to it." You pat her on the head like she's a child and she laughs, swatting your hand away. "I'll leave you to your painting gazing." She stares at the painting for three more days.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The mysterious girl one day takes notice of your painting. Years ago a paint set washed up on shore along with a drenched canvas. You spent days trying to dry it well enough to use and slowly, but surely, it did and you spent even more days painting a beautiful masterpiece of the ocean shore that can be seen during the sunset with a couple of mermaids and wildlife swimming in the ocean.

The girl starts staring at the painting rather than through the window, day after day. You find yourself starting to watch her everyday as well, studying her features, adoring her body, and wondering so hard what her voice sounds like. You imagine every tone you can that could fit the beautiful body of the girl, but you can't decide which would fit her best.

I don't even know her name, you realize. I have to get her to talk. But how . . .?
> You talk about the painting
"You like the painting, I'm guessing?" you ask as you come up behind her. She nods without looking away. "I painted it myself, you know." She glances at you skeptically. "No, really. It took me days to get everything just right. The sunset, the water, the mermaids . . ." You smile at her. "What do you think . . . err, what should I call you, anyway?"

The girl smiles. "It's a great picture," she whispers, barely audible. "And you can call me Marina."

"Marina?" You almost laugh. "I've never heard of any name like that."

"My parents were from Spain, so they wanted to give me a Spanish name. They named me after part of the word 'seasalt' in Spanish. Sal marina is seasalt in Spanish. Sal wasn't a very suitable name, so they went with Marina."

"Well, it's very beautiful, once you get used to it." You pat her on the head like she's a child and she laughs, swatting your hand away. "I'll leave you to your painting gazing." But she no longer looks at the painting. She looks at you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>After a month, better things started to happen between you two . . .
> You ocean
"Do you want to go down to the ocean? You've sure seen it enough from the window," you offered, appearing from your bedroom with your swim trunks on and an old T-shirt you wore in the water. She looks up at you from the window and looks at her own attire. She hasn't changed her clothes at all since you rescued her. Even she can tell that her clothes are starting to stink, and swimming in the ocean won't help the smell. You hold up a long dress that once floated on shore. It seems to be much like one a woman would wear to the pool side or beach. Swimming in it shouldn't be a problem.

Within minutes she's changed into the dress and the two of you are walking down the sandy path to the main beach. The sun is beating down on the two of you and she is practically skipping towards the ocean. You smile to yourself as she almost laughs in joy at the fresh air after being stuck in your hut for over a month.

As soon as she reaches the beach, she sprints toward the cool waters of the ocean. She shrieks a little as the cold seawater splashes her, but giggles at the tickle of seaweed under her toes. You sit down on the sand and watch her as she wades around in the water. She occasionally will go underwater and a couple seconds later appear several yards away from where she was originally.

You are a tad worried about her, considering she was unconscious in the water when you found her. Whenever she goes under you search around for where she is to make sure she comes up. You relax more when she does.

At one point she looks over to you and waves you over.
> You go in with her
You spring up and run into the water. Her face lights up and she greets you with a hug. She quickly pulls away, blushing. She takes your hand and leads you further out. The ground drops beneath you and you have to kick your feet to keep afloat. She smiles and turns violently, making you spin with her. You yelp at the sudden jerk, but laugh when she keeps spinning you in circles.

"You're very fun," you giggle when she stops spinning you. She smiles wide and goes under, pulling your legs down a second later. You call out when you go tumbling into the cold water and when you come up you're laughing and sputtering at the same time. "Fun, fun, fun." She snickers and swims away, making great progress. You try to go after her, but she's too fast. "I will catch up with you!" you vow. She just laughs louder.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Do you want to go down to the ocean? You've sure seen it enough from the window," you offered, appearing from your bedroom with your swim trunks on and an old T-shirt you wore in the water. She looks up at you from the window and looks at her own attire. She hasn't changed her clothes at all since you rescued her. Even she can tell that her clothes are starting to stink, and swimming in the ocean won't help the smell. You hold up a long dress that once floated on shore. It seems to be much like one a woman would wear to the pool side or beach. Swimming in it shouldn't be a problem.

Within minutes she's changed into the dress and the two of you are walking down the sandy path to the main beach. The sun is beating down on the two of you and she is practically skipping towards the ocean. You smile to yourself as she almost laughs in joy at the fresh air after being stuck in your hut for over a month.

As soon as she reaches the beach, she sprints toward the cool waters of the ocean. She shrieks a little as the cold seawater splashes her, but giggles at the tickle of seaweed under her toes. You sit down on the sand and watch her as she wades around in the water. She occasionally will go underwater and a couple seconds later appear several yards away from where she was originally.

You are a tad worried about her, considering she was unconscious in the water when you found her. Whenever she goes under you search around for where she is to make sure she comes up. You relax more when she does.

At one point she looks over to you and waves you over.
> You stay on the beach
You shake your head at her and her face drops a little, but she smiles again sadly and wades some more in the water. At one point she screams and falls into the water. You jump up and search for her to come back up, but after ten seconds she doesn't, which takes longer than she did before. You run into the water and to where she was moments ago. You look around, not finding any sign of her.

SPLASH!

You get pulled underwater and you come back up, sputtering and wiping saltwater out of your eyes. When you are finally able to see, you find her right in front of you, covering her mouth to keep from breaking out in laughter.

"What the heck . . .?" you trail off. You open your mouth wide and stare at her in disbelief. "You little trickster! You didn't really fall!" She shakes her head and chuckles escape her lips. "You scared me half to death!" She laughs out loud and dives back into the water, appearing yards away in seconds.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Why did the chicken cross the road?" She looks at you and raises her eyebrow. "To show the possum it could be done." Her lips curled up a bit into a smile. You grin and say, "You wanna hear another joke?" She nods.
> You love joke
"A woman's husband had been slipping in and out of a coma for several months, yet she stayed by his bedside every single day. When he came to, he motioned for her to come nearer.

"As she sat by him, he said, 'You know what? You have been with me all through the bad times. When I got fired, you were there to support me. When my business failed, you were there. When I got shot, you were by my side. When we lost the house, you gave me support. When my health started failing, you were still by my side... You know what?'

"'What dear?' she asked gently.

"'I think you bring me bad luck.'"

She laughs before she can stop herself and she covers her mouth. You grin wildly and chuckle a little yourself. You carefully take her hand and she doesn't recoil, but looks into your eyes. You look back and see the blue and slight green roll around in her iris, surrounding her pupils. "You have wonderful eyes," you whisper. She rolls her eyes, but gives you another peek and smile before she loses emotion and turns away to the window. Her hand goes limp and it feels like you're holding a rock. You sigh and drop her hand.

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A few days after the rescue, you are getting fed up with the girl. She looks around your age, twenty or so, and is stunning. But she won't smile.

She won't talk, will barely look at you, and she won't show any emotion to you. Every morning is the same routine--wake her up, eat a small breakfast, and try to get her to do something. Unfortunately, she never does anything but gaze out the window and watches the waves of the ocean.

Finally the day comes when you are determined to make her smile. You sit down next to her at the window and she glances at you.

"Hi," you greet softly. She keeps her gaze locked on the ocean. "Um . . ."
> You tell a musical joke
"Why did Mozart sell his chickens?" she gives you a confused glance. "Because they kept going 'Bach, Bach, Bach'." Her lip twitched into a quick half smile. You grin and say, "Do you want to hear another joke?" She raises her eyebrow.
> You cheesy joke
"Why did the chicken cross the road?" She looks at you and raises her eyebrow. "To show the possum it could be done." Her lips curled up a bit into a smile and she snickers lightly. She glances at you again and turns back to the window.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>When you first laid eyes on her she was unconscious. And underwater. But, she was still an amazing sight.

You had been snorkeling off the coast of your seclude island you live on, in taking the beauty of the multi colored fish and billowing sea plants. You see fish wandering over to a part of the ocean you hadn’t snorkeled near before. Curious, you followed them and were shocked to find a girl lying unconscious on the ocean floor. You immediately plunge down and grab the girl, pulling her to the shore.

You didn’t know much about CPR, with living alone on an island and all, but luckily you didn’t need to. As soon as she reached the surface she started breathing. You carry her from the soft sand to your hut made out of sticks and palm leaves and you laid her on your couch. Years before you lived on the island you had packed up everything you owned in your house that didn’t need electricity and basically moved to the seclude island. You were fed up with all the noise of the city and you decided you wanted to become a hermit—with the basic comforts of modern day like a bed, couch, and other furniture.

As she lay on your couch, you were able to get a good look at her. Her brown hair was like a waterfall on her shoulders and she wore a silk blue satin dress that flowed on her legs like a mermaid tail. She obviously wasn’t dressed for swimming. You thought that maybe she just fell overboard from a boat and the crash knocked her out. Though why she was so close to shore, you didn’t know.

Hours later, she comes to. She opens her marble blue eyes and looks around, looking quite scared. She spots you and her eyes widen and she tenses up. You have to calm her down.

 
> You soothe like a friend
“Hey, it’s all right,” you say. You sit down on the ground in front of the couch and she eyes you suspiciously. You tilt your head and look at her curiously. She didn’t know what happened, you know for sure. “You were underwater out by the shore. I pulled you up. Do you know what happened?” She shakes her head cautiously. “Okay. It’s all right, though. You’re safe now. Don’t worry.” Her eyes flicker, but she trusts you enough to let you make her food and give her a place to sleep for a few nights without fuss. But she still doesn’t speak.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You thrust a final time, your ragged cry of release filling the air and startling a pair of birds overhead. As they wing away you clutch Mondy to you, whispering, “Thank you,” and kissing him passionately as the scarlet leaves overhead drift down onto his golden hair.

These last couple of years have been hell. The two of you had your love put to the test more than ever before. It’s been utterly draining--physically, emotionally, financially--but as you look into Mondy’s eyes you know it was all worthwhile, and you know he feels the same. Such a warm feeling of peace and joy suffuses you, and you can’t help but kiss him again.

Days drift by, careless and lazy.

The two of you spend the evenings fishing, and during the day you glean whatever you can find from the overgrown fields. Mondy is still in recovery from his long illness and a bit weak, so the bulk of the work falls on you. Not that you mind. The days are quiet and peaceful, and it’s a joy just to be alive as you greet each sunrise, your love at your side.

It’s really just the two of you out here now; there were only a handful left in the village after the sickness came, and since then they’ve all packed up and left. No future out here. You heard those words often enough, even in your younger days, and there was even a time you believed it.

And of course, there were uglier words.
> You days past
The first meeting with Mondy came while dropping off a necklace of your mother’s. The clasp needed repairing, and he was still a jeweler’s apprentice then. You’d always been considered eccentric, and Mother had stopped bothering to ask you when her dear boy Mirk was going to find a nice girl and give her a grandchild long ago. You’d expected you’d die alone, and a virgin, if you were being completely honest with yourself. But when you met Mondy...there was a spark between the two of you immediately, and before long it lit a bonfire in your heart.

The two of you had never tried to hide your love.

At first, when you and Mondy pledged yourselves to one another under the tree on the hill, and then again in the village square, the others had been...accepting enough, even if a few of them clearly thought the both of you mad. But your mother had given you her blessing, and took Mondy into her heart almost as a second son, and that was the most important thing.

Near the end, however, things changed. Personally, you blame the priest. Or perhaps it was the sickness weighing so heavily on everyone’s souls that turned them twisted and cold. But the looks grew darker. The whispers grow uglier, and then stopped being whispers at all. They said the love you shared was an abomination. The priest stood in he doorway of the church and thundered that a demon had poisoned your mind.

Any of that, all of that...you could have borne without complaint, and gone on about your life. Mondy’s love was all you needed. But when your mother lay on her deathbed, and her last words were begging you to leave the man you loved? It broke something inside of you.

After her funeral you and Mondy had a long talk...a long cry, really, on your part. There was never a question of you leaving him, of course. For your mother to even suggest it felt like a betrayal, though you knew she wasn’t herself. She was weak, ill, just like Mondy had been, and being quite old and frail as well her mind had easily been poisoned against you.

But the two of you knew when you were no longer welcome, retreated from life in the village, and moved to a cottage on the other side of the hill. Eventually, the others all left. “Good riddance to that lot,” you’d muttered to Mondy, watching the last cart being drawn away. “We can do as we like now.”


What would you like to do?
> You look around the cottage
The cottage--well, it’s more like a shack--has seen better days. And it wasn’t much even back then.

The fire has gone out, and the only light comes from the gaps in the boards that are now also letting in the icy bite of winter. It’s early for a first frost, and you have a feeling this year may be a bad one.

Opening the pantry, you find nothing but a cloud of dust that drives you into a coughing fit. Sneaking a guilty glance at where Mondy is resting on the bed, you relax when you see you haven’t wakened him. He was sick for so long, on the verge of death, that even now he hasn’t recovered his strength, and you worry constantly he’ll have a relapse.

There’s no firewood in the box. How long has it been since you’ve replenished it? You really have been letting things slip around here. Perhaps it’s time you start thinking more seriously about what you’ll do in the coming days. To tell the truth, you’re not confident anything about this place will be enough protection in a bad freeze or heavy snow.
> You walk to your tree
This tree at the top of the hill--a sugar maple--as a lonely, awkward little boy you would play here, and when Mondy came into your life it was the place the two of you would sit and talk for hours, even before you finally mustered up the courage to say the words that had gone unspoken so long between you. You’ve been calling it ‘our’ tree for the last four years, whenever either of you speak of it.

Your hand caresses well known lines in the bark; a heart with the names Mirk and Mondy inside. On impulse you pull out your knife and carve it all in deeper.

The branches are bare now, and the wind up here is quite a bit stronger, and carries a bitter chill. You really ought to find some firewood and supplies. Can’t have Mondy getting sick again.

Below, you see the abandoned shops and dwellings of your old village, huddled together around the little church you eventually came to hate.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your life was perfect before. For generations your family ruled over the land stretching before your eyes.

It endured long forgotten wars. It endured cataclysms of epic proportions. It had even endured your own mistakes in your youth.

It was here that you were born and raised. Your childhood was a happy collection of bygone memories, your adolescence bitter of strife and uproar. This land molded you into the man you were supposed to be. Its stark streams taught you caution; its rolling hills forced you to become more perceptive; the people infected you with their stoicism. 

This all made you into the man you are now. As you stand up from your seat, you look onwards, onto your land. The calm skies glace over mortal matters peacefully, the tall trees croak their ever enigmatic song and the rolling hills lie peaceful in their eternal rest. They are all indifferent to your hardship. 

"Sir, we have found the den!" An overeager young page runs up. The excitement is practically dripping off his face. You force yourself to smile. 

"Well done boy. Go to Garreth and tell him to prepare the dogs."

"Yessir, at once sir."

You watch the boy, a decade old page now, run back into the forest. Life hadn't broken him yet.

"Alright lads," you yell. "You heard the boy. Mount up and let us catch the bastard. By tonight I want my belly filled with tough meat and my head full of cheap ale!"

Around you a group of sixteen knights perk up, yell their approval and jump on their horses. The action forces your worries away. Moments later you feel the cold wind of air passing by your face as you gallop onward. You leave the hills behind as you enter the forest, through the road your ancestors paved so long ago.

Onwards, onto the hunt indeed.
> A hunt you need.
The ancient path has many different splits and many curves. Some stretches are littered with holes and tough roots, others are steep enough to warrant dismounting. Most routes have overgrown entirely, their destination long forgotten. You know the road to Garreth's place well. It's a longer route, the only one available with a party your size. 

It is here that you often found peace in dire times. It is here that you refound your determination and often regained your blinding energy. Already you feel the woods taking in your sorrow, the ache trailing behind you as you trot forwards. Slowly the sympathetic bushes around you make way for the ancient oaks your house is known for. You soon hear the familiar sound of splashing water.

At the waterfall, you hold up your hand. You have to stop here.

"Sir Myre, take the horses and let them drink here. You two," you point at two novice knights too anxious for your taste. "Accompany him and keep your eyes open. You never know what the ancients have in store for us."

"Good luck, Sir," the old knight responds dutifully to your surprise. "And give Garreth my regards."

"Thank you, Myre. We will be back in a few hours." You turn around to face the rest of your group. "Follow me. The huntsman is just a few minutes from here."

You expected some reluctance from Myre; it's nothing for him to easily shy away from glory. You dismount and retreat back into your thoughts as you climb the familiar steps from your childhood. Had he noticed your sorrow, your anger? Did anyone else? Would you even want them to?

With these questions in mind, you reach the top. A quick glance shows your loyal knights trailing behind you. Ahead of you is a small dirt path leading to a seemingly abandoned hut. Next to it the young page anxiously shifts his weights from one leg to the other, as he stares into the forest.

"Boy." The young lad practically jumps into the air. "Did you give notice to Garreth?"

"Yessir, I did! He's right inside." His skin had transformed into a white pallor. "And sorry about my reaction, Sir."

"Never focus your attention on just one splot lad. You let your own state of mind cloud the reality which surrounds you."

You realize the same could be said of yourself.

You shake the thought and give a knowing nod to the knights surrounding you. Let them cheer the now downtrodden boy up while you enter the hut.


 

 
> You garreth awaits.
As you enter the hut, you are taken back by memories. Scenes of a furious father force themselves up. You fled him and his beatings, into the arms of your unofficial mentor. Garreth was never one to bow to civilization, and he was the only one capable of standing up to the former baron.

He stands in front of you. His deepset eyes are exacerbated by the darkness in the room; they have an unnatural sharpness, focussing entirely on you.

"There is something wrong," Garreth notes. He saw straight through the facade you upheld. He always did. "Tell me, what is it and who knows."

A heavy sigh escapes your chest. Dead air that you had held on to all day forces its way up, and with it your repressed thoughts. They all come together, clashing to assert themselves first. "It's my wife. She... The duke! She..-"

"You are not ready yet. Compose yourself! There are men waiting for you outside, and now is not the time for weakness. Put it aside and focus on the here and the now." The old huntsman snatches your jaw and forces you to look up.

"My dogs smelled something far better than whatever you castle folk found. There's been an immigration of bears into the area. Now, will you continue to wallow in your own self pity? Or will you become the man I've trained and join me in my hunt?"

The words do nothing to quiet the internal turmoil you feel. You sense the pressure building in your cheeks, behind your eyes. You hurt. It's a hurt that you never felt before; it's something lonely and depressing, as if the rotten roof is solely supported by your own failing shoulders. As hard as you try, you can't hold it. You can't hold back. The world around you crashes and collapses until you are left alone in a sea of darkness. You can't swim; the sea envelops you, swallows you whole.

A slap forces you out of your inner battleground. You force your nausea down. 

"Why did you do that?" You let some anger seep into your voice.

"Why did you let me?" Garreth replies unfazed.

The old man had a point. Your attention shifts outwards yet again. 

"Weakness," you grumble in response. It's answered with a curt nod.

You pressure the heavy laden sadness to transform itself into an icy determination. Numb and seemingly several years older you once again face your old mentor eye to eye.

"Lead the way," you hear yourself say.


 

 
> You both go outside.
It's eerily quiet. You crouch through the thick underbrush, carefully planting your feet where there's still green vegetation. In your right hand, you hold the leashes of the hunting dogs; in your left, you hold a long sturdy spear. It should be enough to face your prey.

You are surrounded by grim faces. Most of them are veterans. Garreth is up front as always. Compared to him even the veterans are inexperienced amateurs.

His hand shoots up. Everybody halts in their steps. He motions you forward.

"Two prey, still oblivious." His hand points to two black silhouettes.

"Any vultures?" He always had superior eyesight.

"Nothing, we are clear."

You look towards the most experienced of your hunting party and signal a split. A nod of acknowledgment and a pincer maneuver is executed. The wind tears your eyes as you wait for the two teams to sneak into position. You are left alone with Garreth, the dogs and mainly your thoughts.

"Now."

You release the dogs. They don't bark; they don't growl. As a soundless mass, they charge forwards. You both move closer. The bears are alarmed. A deep resonating roar fills the space between the trees. Moments later, you hear the impact. The dogs throw themselves at the bears, oblivious to any danger. Some are swatted away; others succeed and bite into the resilient skin. The hounds have no hope of killing the beasts. At best they will succeed in keeping them distracted and pinned down.

The two hunting parties now move in, their long spears ready and in formation.

This is what you live for. The battle, the carnage makes you feel alive. You are yet again master of your surroundings, master of your own fate. Garreth has seen enough and looks back at you.

"You are back. I've missed you." A small smile escapes his lips as he closes his eyes.

That was not something he said easily.

"Not back, just recovering." You return the smile. "You shouldn't let me hold you back. Enjoy your hunt, partake in the glory."

"My boy, once you reach my age you'll know a clear victory when you spot it."

Your mentor leaves you nevertheless. 

One bear has now been skewered and held in its place. Its defeated moans tell the world its a threat no longer. The other one, a stronger and more ferocious beast altogether, holds its own against the tide. It crushes one dog beneath its leg. It mauls another with its enormous claws and then rushes through the wall of spears, ruthlessly disrupting any plan of encirclement your party might once have had.

That's when Garreth arrives. He makes himself a big target, yelling at the top of his longs to draw attention. The beast is provoked. He crouches as it charges. At the last moment, he rolls forwards, stabbing his dagger at the soft underbelly. It happens so fast. He stands up, bloodied.

Meanwhile, the other hunters have rallied themselves. They skillfully close the ranks, leaving their target encapsulated in an ever-shrinking circle of spears. The old man had prevented chaos, but they did not allow him to claim the glory. Their advancement goes steadily, step by step. The trap had been laid and set.

The bear checks its solidity. Agitated, it paces around, angry at being denied its kill. Its wild eyes frantically search for any point of weakness. With angry roars, it makes its failure known.

That's when the hair on your neck starts to rise and something tells you to run. You try to duck and turn around, but a bone-shattering force hits your back.

You fly to the ground. Your world goes black for a moment as you hear a deafening roar mere inches from your head. Pretending to be dead, you hear panicked shouting. Sounds of battle are drawing closer and time crawls into a standstill.

Your body is numb once again. You strain yourself to look up and into the beast's maw. There is a moment of recognition. Its brown eyes stare into yours and you see your wife's in them. The battle around you fades away as she calls to you, as she soothes you. My Isa..

She tries to pull you into her memories. You look up and you see..
> The love of your life.
Isabella...

You first met her during a long voyage. Both of you were so young and full of life. You fell in love with her laugh, with the twinkle in her smile, with the simple dress she wore. You remember how you immediately excused yourself from your father's entourage and ran up to her. You had no words ready, your eagerness only expressed with an awkward smile.

She smiled back then. She smiled back at you! At that moment you did not care about the words of your father. You held no love anymore for the betrothed you were supposed to visit. You laughed together, you shed tears together and you loved each other. You spurned your father and brought her back with you.

She smiled less. Your Isa felt unwanted, hated even, for winning your heart. Whenever the chance arose you slipped into the woods. The escapades back then were glorious, full of adventure and passion. You commiserated together in your hate for your father. Memories of wild schemes and impossible plots come back to you.

She smiled. Your father fell ill. The baron was dead, long live the baron. You could finally marry your Isa. Ah, your marriage ceremony was worthy of an emperor. Your Isa became your wife. Whenever rulership threatened to overtake you, she brought you back. She practically made you into the man you are now. You could share everything with her, wild ambitions and impossible choices. She helped you stay on top.

She... She became more distant over the years. Unreturned smiles, frigid kisses, and cold talks became a common occurrence. Whatever you tried, you could not manage to get an heir. You did not care, blinded by love, but your Isa did. She withdrew herself, her once warm heart became hard and emotionless. You feared for her, did you do the right thing in taking her to your lands?

Then, suddenly, she bounced back up. Her beautiful voice could once again be heard in your keep. Her eyes twinkled once again. You couldn't believe it. The love of your life was back.

You spent those days working as an advisor for your duke. The work was hard. The duke didn't listen often. However, the pay was good, and the connections even better. Together with your Isa, you managed to broker vital trade deals. You worked with and earned the respect of other barons. Together with your Isa, you were unstoppable.

 
> You though love causes the most grieveous wounds.
Then it all went so horribly wrong.

You don't want to; you try to resist. But you can't stop reliving that once sunny day. You remember how tired you were. The council meeting was a catastrophe. Somehow the duke managed to be even more stubborn than usual. Everything you said was either ignored, or simply glossed over. The meeting was canceled early. You found yourself humiliated, without even realizing it.

Your duke, the slimy treacherous pig, even pulled you apart at the end of it.

"Listen, I know I haven't been at my best lately. I apologize. You need to know how much I appreciate you being here for my support." His round face nigh exhumed his compassion.

You actually believed him. How could you be so wrong.

"Thank you, milord. I do everything I can in order to keep your demesne stable and your people prosperous."

"I know you do, Sir Robert. I don't know what I would do without you. Listen, I have a problem. There are three mayors waiting to give their usual demands. I need to keep them satisfied while offering absolutely nothing in return," he said mischievously giving you a quick guilty wink. "Can you do that for me?"

"I will deal with them at once milord, do not worry about it."

Oh how you were so naive, so eager to please him. The duke hadn't worried about the mayors for a moment.

You quickly left the room. You weren't looking for long before you found the mayors. You went in hard, trying to gain a tactical advantage in the negotiations that would follow. Oh, how wrong you were. They didn't even want to ask for anything. Appalled as they were, your mistake made you the laughingstock of the court. Shamed twice, you immediately retreated to your quarters.

You needed to blow off steam; you needed your wife. The absence of any guards wasn't even noted. You entered the hall, silently to surprise her with your early return. She would be sitting there with her books, reading strange tales about even stranger places. You would grab her from behind, confess your love and fantasize about the adventures you'd experience together. Just like old times.

The hall was empty. The hall was dark. Still, you found your target. Her beautiful voice reached your ears. Was she practicing a play this time? 

"Tell me how good I am." You heard her say.

She acted so naughtily, so brilliant. Your Isa was back.

"Oh milord, it feels so good."

You should ask her to perform that play tonight privately.

"Yes! You are the best!"

Wait, could it be?

"Yes! Yes! Keep doing it!"

No, it could not. No...

You investigated, following her heartwarming sound. Following her bone-chilling voice, you saw your gorgeous, wretched wife lying there. Every scream of pleasure stabbed another knife in your soul. The temperature dropped below freezing. Your blood boiled. You couldn't be here any longer. Your muscles wouldn't take you away. Your world shattered.

You found yourself on a horse, your own horse. Somehow you managed to mutter to the guards to open the gates. Sick as you were, you had to go home. You rode without stopping. The first day turned into night. The road never stopped, you were left alone with nothing but your own misery, repeatedly mulling over what had transpired. 
> A sharp jolt wakes you.
Your head hurts. Your body does too. The light blinds your eyes as you wake up. This is your bed; you are in your own room.

"Thank the ancients. He made it," the voice echoes, leaving an aching ring in your head.

"Oh my Robert, how is he?" 

You feel a delicate hand touching your own. Is it her?

"Isa," you manage out barely.

"Yes! Sweetie, I am home. I was so worried, I came back as soon as I heard the news!" her voice grows more animated causing a groan to escape your lips.

"Sorry, please rest now my love," she continued to whisper. "I heard about the hunt. You were so brave." Her giggle fills the room.

"Rest now, my valorous knight, and forget slaying any more beasts. I want you back as soon as possible."

Before you can respond several footsteps leave the room. Unable to move you are left alone with nothing but your own thoughts. You were attacked, completely taken by surprise. You let your guard down and paid the price. Your mere survival is a miracle, you should be dead now. 

"That was a rookie mistake. I had trained you better."

The voice startles you. A sharp pain flashes through your body.

"Twice now," Garreth remarks drily. "Boy did she really do a number on you."

"When did you enter?"

"I never left your side since.. well since the hunt."

The memory makes you shudder.

"Those bears were unnatural, cursed. I never heard a beast so large be so silent, so cunning," you pause for a moment. "How much time has passed?"

"Four days. And every day they were certain you wouldn't survive till the next."

"I had to pull through." You force yourself to grin. It comes out grotesquely, like a madman's. "I couldn't die like that."

"She kept you going, didn't she?" Garreth asked back. Again he went straight through your smokescreen.

"...Yes."

"Do you still love her?"

This question makes you stop. Your mouth opens and closes again. Do you still find love for your Isabella? Your mind goes back to all the things you've experienced, to the trials and to the pleasures. She did love you, comfort you before you she struck a knife in your back. But afterwards she also came back. In the end, she had wept for you and stood guard by your side.

 
> You say "She is dead to me."
As the bitter words come out from your lips you realize them to be the absolute truth. Your wife held you back, only to kick you while you were down. She betrayed you. But you have become a stronger man for it.

"She ripped into my heart and gave its pieces to another man. I want them both gone."

"What are they to you?" Garreth bounced the ball straight back.

"Loose ends. I need to transform, be better. Their likeness will only hold me back to the ignorant tomfool I once was."

"Robert, you are gripped by the cold hand of vengeance. The path it will lead you is dangerous and corrupting." He grips your hands. They are warm to the touch. "This is not the boy I knew, shielded and mentored. Abstain from this madness!"

"The boy you knew died in the woods. He left this world betrayed and abandoned. I am all that is left, and I am absolutely clear of what I want." The tone of your voice hardens as you pronounce the last words. It begets no insubordination.

"I am sorry Robert. I cannot follow you in this. Whenever you need my aid, decide to relinquish this foolishness.. well you know where I live." His footsteps start to leave the room, then halt. "Please look into yourself. Please find your mercy." 

You don't respond.

This leaves you in absolute loneliness. You are once again alone with your angry thoughts. You stare at the roof above, thinking up your next moves. On one hand, you have the cretin of a duke. He is far more powerful than you could ever be, his lands are rich, his cities populous and his castles well manned. Still, while he proved capable of deception, his hold on his vassals is weak. You could look sabotage his realm from within.

That brings you to your second target, your wife. As far as you know you hold one important advantage. They are both unaware their secret had come out. They both still believe you as naive and loyal as you were before. You'll have to uphold this image at all costs, even if it takes faking your love.

As you see it, your first move of action is to find good advisors. Garreth had filled this void once before you met her. Before he showed his true colors. You have Sir Myre, a veteran of war. He is utterly loyal to your house. He has known you for years and will do whatever you ask him to. However, while he is properly experienced in martial matters, you doubt he will provide you with the subtle intrigue you'll need.

On the other hand, you have your new steward. She is an outsider, coming from lands far outside the kingdom. Elaria was her name. She recently took over the post after the former steward was found dead with some wench. There is something about her. While you get the feeling she isn't content, wanting a grander station, you haven't properly met her yet. She could be a loose cannon or she could be exactly what you need.

Myre or Elaria, a hard choice. While you could go for them both, their different outlook would sow discord and hesitation within your plans. It would risk everything. Luckily you have all the time to make up your mind. The rays of light turn bloodred. You absentmindedly accept the serving of some tasteless mush before being left alone. Somewhere in the night, after hours of pondering your moves, you've decided.
> You ambition and fresh blood will serve you better.
The next morning you call to your servant, one of the newer recruits.

"Milord?" He approaches meekly, apparently, Garreth made an impression yesterday.

"What is your name?" You try to soften your voice, you'll need to win his loyalty.

"It's Brutus, Milord, my ma named me after the ancients," he says surprised.

"It's a powerful name, honor it, Brutus." Although he will probably never amount to anything. Still, flattery from a superior practically feeds someone like him. How could you have been so blind before? "I need to speak to miss Elaria, can you bring her here Brutus?" 

"At once, Milord."

Moments later, faster than you imagined, the servant returns with your steward in tow.

"Thank you for your swiftness, Brutus. Please leave us and close the doors. We must not be disturbed by anyone."

"Understood Milord." He leaves the room, and you wait until the double door close with a heavy thump.

"How are you, my Lord?" Elaria asks and performs a quick curtsy.

"I have been better. Please sit as I'm afraid I won't stand up," you smile, which she returns.

"Do you want the reports, my Lord? It must be tedious being stuck in your bed."

She is uncertain you realize. She doesn't know what you have planned and tries to poke her way in.

"Oh, I assure you, I have had enough to ponder about." You smile once again. "However your reports would provide me with some much-needed distraction."

As she tells about the state of your barony, you observe her. She has a keen mind, using it to notice and improve upon any mistakes of her predecessor. She is excited to finally show her work. You can tell by her eyes that she wants to be noticed. However, you are not certain to her attitude towards you, or your household for that matter. Whenever you bring the topic onto your wife she flatly sidesteps the question. Whenever you ask for her personal opinion, she deftly states obvious facts.

As she finishes her reports, you'll have to decide how much you trust her.
> The earlier she knows, the more she'll trust you.
She is ambitious. You have to open up an opportunity for her to pounce on. Make her see the great heights you plan to reach and she'll be sure to see you as a lifeline out of this backwater. You'll have her eating out of your hand in no time.

"You must be asking yourself what I have really called you for, don't you?" you ask.

"My lord, were my reports not satisfactory?" Another neutral reply. She doesn't even flinch.

"They were, you did an outstanding job. But we both know it's not worth our time. Listen, I have seen the want beneath your eyes. You desire something more than a position in a backwater barony. You share that desire with me. I am planning something grand, a plot to propel us to the grandest station in this country." 

You pause for a moment. You haven't lost her yet, the next step should be safe. You try to sit up, portray a powerful figure.

"The duke betrayed me and my allegiance. He is a slothful hedonist that spits on those that support him. I want him gone, I want to dispose of him. While we are but a barony, I have met many that secretly share that goal. I want you to join me. Help me in this rebellion and we'll rise together."

Elaria opens her mouth, before closing it again. She bows deeply.

"My lord, thank you for this opportunity. I will prove myself ever as your trustworthy servant."

"Please, Elaria stand. Let us always show our true faces to another."

She rises, straightening her back and setting her jaw. "Very well my lord."


 
> You and thus the ember of your rebellion has been lit.
Over the weeks you often come together. As your plans grow in plausibility, your body slowly recuperates in strength. The healmasters even allow you to stand and walk within the confines of your room. This first victory rejuvenates you like nothing else.

Brutus proved himself a useful servant. Though he confirmed your suspicions of his dim wit, he had a knack of being ignored and possessed a good memory. Whenever you were certain you could walk without help, you sent him out. He became your personal eyes and your ears. He kept you updated on everyone, most of all on your wife. She proved that once again she could not be trusted. Her many trips to the dovecote showed you her traitorous loyalty.

You've kept up your charade. You maintained you were too tired, pretending to be asleep whenever she entered, saying your traditional lovewords whenever you failed to do so in time. You think she bought it. However hiding your hatred saps your energy, dims your determination. You have to proceed quickly to the next phase of your plan.

Elaria made it all worth it though. Her mind proved as valuable as you hoped. The last weeks she hired, blackmailed or persuaded an increasing amount of people to her newfound corps of spies. You were the mastermind clustered to this room, she was the expert practitioner out in the fields.

You both agreed that the next phase would be gaining further allies. Her spies told her of grumbling discontent within the duke's palace. She told you the mayors were discontent once again. Your leave had granted them a direct audience with the duke. The latter ignored them as you were ignored once. You would earn a considerable amount of wealth were you to gain their allegiance to this rebellion.

So the question remains, do you want to travel to the capital or remain here to build up your position further?
> You must leave at once, wealth and fame awaits.
You force yourself out of your bed. While you still have trouble getting up, when you stand, you stand comfortably. It's a good day.

"Brutus! Come, we'll look for miss Elaria today."

"Milord, do you feel good enough to leave your room?"

"Come, my man, I feel better. Let me enjoy my own castle for a moment."

This leaves you an opening to make a few decisive steps. They come out a bit wobblier than you'd like, but they must do. You walk out of the two heavyset oaken doors for the first time in weeks. The sudden change in temperature chills you, makes your joints cry out, but the fresh air makes it all worth it. You enter the hallway and walk through the corridors. You greet everyone you meet to their joyful surprise. However, after some minutes the underlying atmosphere infects you. Your castle feels sick and rotting.

You start to lean on Brutus more and more as you enter the steward's chambers. She is not there, leaving you time to look around. She has recently acquired a lot of luxuries. An expensive-looking exotic carpet adorns the whole floor. A grand mirror stands behind her, wrapped with artful decorations. You are just admiring a large bookcase when you hear footsteps approaching.

"Ah splendid, I think we could manage even more in the future."

"Thank you. My Lady, I've been really looking forward to our conversations."

"And so have I, you've done well Elaria," your wife responds as they pass the corner and see you.

"Oh Robert, you are walking!"

You did not expect your wife, especially not here. It takes you a moment to regain your composure and bottle up all your emotions. It is hard.

"Yes. I felt good today, decided to stretch my legs a little. My, you both look splendid today!" Quickly you attempt to redirect the topic. "This view alone makes it all worth the effort."

"Oh you old charmer, you should know better. What brings you here of all places?" she responds with a slight blush. You've failed.

"I wanted to speak to the both of you, "you lie through your teeth. "I was planning to leave for the capital within the week. Elaria, please prepare a rapport about your plans in my absence. And you, my lovely wife, would you like to accompany me on this journey?" It almost hurt to say these words out loud.

"Of course I will my love." Her words make you nauseous. "I shall have my belongings packed immediately." She winks at you and almost glides away. She leaves you where you want to be, undisturbed and planning your revenge.

"Elaria, please close the doors."

"Yes my Lord, so you've decided to leave?"

"I have, although not the way I have planned." You give a knowing nod to the door. "Having her with me on this journey leaves us less options to get rid of her and less space to maneuver." The unspoken thought of bringing her back to the duke makes you sick.

"Then why not kill her on the journey?"

Kill her.. killing her has been on your mind since that day, but to hear it spoken back to you... It stops you in your tracks. A part of your screams to not do it. You try to squash it, repress it.

"Arrange it. We will leave in two days."
> Back in the woods.
You are in your carriage along with your wife and, as you've decided, with Elaria. The horses pull it over the overgrown roads. The escort consists entirely of her agents. You've hinged the plan on the fact that your wife is blind to martial matters and thus far it's been a success. She does not suspect anything at all. You do your part in upholding idle conversation, but in your mind, you are following the route. Just a few turns, a few more minutes and you'll enter the woods. Once there the escort will be ambushed by hired bandits. In the confusion you and Elaria will escape, leaving your target behind to get killed. None will suspect a thing.

The road is full of holes. The wagon shakes. Good, it only masks your own anxiety. You look outside and see the first saplings growing. These pioneers are risk-takers, they loyally expand the woods with their determination. Today you will take the risks, you will expand your own power. It starts to rain.

You are so close, the small saplings have turned themselves into small trees. Just moments lefts. Can you do it? Can you see it through? Your squashed heart roars up in its displeasure once again.

What little remains of the sun is now blocked out. You've truly entered the forest. A few turns are all that stands between her and her life. Does she feel the end nearing, a hidden sixth sense?

"Robert?" It's your wife. Perhaps you should indulge her last words. Your stomach starts to hurt.

"Yes?"

"Why did you go on that hunt?" She must be onto something. An insidious unease creeps up your back. But it's too late, she is already in your trap.

"I had to clear my mind, refresh my soul." You try not to talk about your broken heart.

"Did you plan for things to go this way?" she asks unsteadily. What is she trying to do?

"What do you mean?"

"Would you say you've been led on this path or was this all your doing?" Her face twitches, contorts with intense hate.

"Woman, what has gone into you!" you retort shocked. The ambush is just around the corner, buy more time.

"What has gone into you! Look me in my eyes and tell me you still love me!"

You can't say anything else, you can't say what she wants to hear. You can hardly look into her eyes.

"You, Robert, are a disgusting slimy coward. LOOK ME IN MY EYES AND TELL ME WHAT YOU PLANNED!"

Her words hurt more than her fists do. Fuck.

"Isabelle!" you bellow while jumping forwards. You try to restrain her, take back control. Then the wagon suddenly shakes once more. You're both tumbling through the cabin. In the end, you find yourself subdued with a dagger at your throat. You were still far too weak.

"You filthy pathetic rat! Don't you dare lay a hand on me." she breathes heavily. The ambush is soon, the ambush is soon.

"Elaria.." you manage beneath the cold steel. A dribble of blood stains your shirt.

"Elaria won't help you, snake. She went to me immediately after you so heroically shared your plans. You couldn't even deal with me yourself, had to run for help like always. How could I ever have loved you, Robert?"

"Bitch..."

She pushes the knife in deeper. Your involuntary spasm lacerates your throat.

"What did you expect? You hardly even talked to her."

You try to stem the blood. You try to breathe. You clutch your throat as tight as you can.

"Robert," she is forced to pause, emotions dangerously boiling over. "I once loved you. I still do in some sick way. I am sorry. You forced me. I am sorry for everything." She is starting to lose control over her voice.

You try to sputter, you try to make it up. You want to promise her that you'll be better. Your heart still roars its love for the woman that just cut your throat. Tears fill your eyes. Blood fills your lungs.

"Leave him here. Leave him to the woods he once so loved.. Maybe he'll remember."

The door opens. Strong arms pull you out of the coach. Maybe there is still hope, maybe the bandits will find you and hold you ransom. "B..adits.."

However as you are thrown on the wet road, no one saves you. You are dying alone, abandoned and full of regrets. The woods, once so welcoming, are so distant now. Not even the wolves come to end your suffering.


"Is..a..b..b.elle..."

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Over the weeks you often come together. As your plans grow in plausibility, your body slowly recuperates in strength. The healmasters even allow you to stand and walk within the confines of your room. This first victory rejuvenates you like nothing else.

Brutus proved himself a useful servant. Though he confirmed your suspicions of his dim wit, he had a knack of being ignored and possessed a good memory. Whenever you were certain you could walk without help, you sent him out. He became your personal eyes and your ears. He kept you updated on everyone, most of all on your wife. She proved that once again she could not be trusted. Her many trips to the dovecote showed you her traitorous loyalty.

You've kept up your charade. You maintained you were too tired, pretending to be asleep whenever she entered, saying your traditional lovewords whenever you failed to do so in time. You think she bought it. However hiding your hatred saps your energy, dims your determination. You have to proceed quickly to the next phase of your plan.

Elaria made it all worth it though. Her mind proved as valuable as you hoped. The last weeks she hired, blackmailed or persuaded an increasing amount of people to her newfound corps of spies. You were the mastermind clustered to this room, she was the expert practitioner out in the fields.

You both agreed that the next phase would be gaining further allies. Her spies told her of grumbling discontent within the duke's palace. She told you the mayors were discontent once again. Your leave had granted them a direct audience with the duke. The latter ignored them as you were ignored once. You would earn a considerable amount of wealth were you to gain their allegiance to this rebellion.

So the question remains, do you want to travel to the capital or remain here to build up your position further?
> You leaving your position at the first opportunity is madness.
The rebellion is not ready. There is still so much more you can accomplish from within these walls. Let the duke anger his vassals undisturbed, you'll continue on with your own plan. The resentment will only further fermentate the ground for your ambitious schemes.

So you stay in your room, watchful and vigilant. The days blend into each other, but nothing of worth grabs your attention. Sadly your wounds start to fester and the heels of your feet blacken painfully. The healmasters attempt to tow you out of your bed, out of your lair. You resist. Leaving would only leave you vulnerable.

Elaria and Brutus keep you updated on the declining state of affairs within the barony. Their talk of nefarious whispering, suspicious gatherings, and silent insubordination shocks you. Your servants have started to mock you, call you Lord Robert the Idle, Lord Robert the Miserable. Within your forces, the spies have witnessed talks of desertion. You have become the but of many a joke.

Then one day it all pales compared to the news Elaria brings you.

"My lord, I have dire news. My agents have sensed the stirrings of a rebellion against your name." Her flat tone makes you rise up for the first time in weeks.

"Woman, tell me more!"

"It's.. It's Sir Myre, my Lord. He has organized a group of knights in secret, brought them together to restore the realm. They've begun recruiting among your servants. I am afraid we're being surrounded by opposing forces as we speak."

You stay silent. Anger spews from your eyes.

"But there is a chance, my agent gathered they will give you a chance to abdicate. They will lie to you. They will manipulate you. They will make themselves seem overwhelming. My Lord, they are however not aware their betrayal has been revealed to us. I will plan our defense. My lord, trust me and we will end the threat."

Myre.. You've known him for years. He taught you how to swing the sword, how to pierce the spear. He was a loyal man, loyal to your family.

"IT CAN NOT BE! Myre is simply not capable of such treachery," your voice booms up. Your steward is forced to step back.

"I am sorry my Lord. I fear Lady Isabell.."

"Don't speak her name!" you interrupt harshly.

"My apologies. I fear Sir Myre has been corrupted by your wife, my Lord." She casts her eyes downward and makes herself as small as possible.

It could be true, that harpy once even fooled you. You won't be fooled any longer.

"Very well. Whenever they'll ask for an audience, let them in. I want your spies to ambush them, overwhelm them from all sides. I want them brought to the heel. Wounded, but alive. Use poison if you have to." Your voice weakens. Anger has eaten up your reserves. You fall back into your bed as you barely manage to stammer, "Now leave me Elaria. Thank you."

"Thank you my Lord." She curtsies and leaves.
> The betrayal.
It wasn't long before the day arrived when the so-called 'sir' Myre wanted to speak with you. Elaria was proven right once again. You hated it, you hated the fact you had to leave your room, you hated everything. You let yourself be carted through the castle.

The plan required a larger room to perform the ambush. The old throneroom would do. As Brutus moves you through the cold castle something strikes you. It's abandoned, there are no servants in sight. The once lively sounds of busylife are now muffled and depressed. Elaria accompanies you.

"My Lord, is there something wrong?"

"My castle seems.. empty."

"Now you say it, indeed it is. A lot has happened since your accident my Lord. Since you've been recovering there have been no grand feasts. Lady Isab.. Your wife ordered a decree of silence to help you sleep better. Everyone is working diligently and efficiently."

"Hmpf."

You are not convinced. However, you've arrived at your destination. This hall was built before the rest of your castle, it stemmed from a more grander and more decadent time. Ancient white marble and strange forms give the room a heavenly impression. Somehow, even seated in your elevated seat, you fail to comprehend the whole room. It's as if the architecture withholds its secrets. It wills itself to remain an enigma, even from you.

"It's a good room to hide," you say.

"Yes, there are thirty agents waiting in the shadows as we speak," she remarks with a tint of pride. She feels totally in control.

You freeze up for a moment. "Well, yes of course. Please let Myre and his traitors in."

"Very well." She moves in position to stand behind you.

And so it happens. A group of ten knights enters the hall. A few paces ahead of them is Myre. You almost don't recognize him. In the last months, he had aged considerably. Though it fits him well. It gives him a rugged flair of authority forged by painful struggle. Twenty paces before you he stops and looks at you questionably. Then, seeing something he doesn't like, he reluctantly bows.

"Milord, may I speak?" Myre asks, raising his voice to fill the room.

"You may." You find it hard to hate the man in front of you. Something about his posture makes him seem fatigued rather than devious. Still, you've been misled once. You won't let it happen again.

"Thank you. I come here on behalf of your loyal men Milord. They are suffering.."

"These are the lies I have warned you about," she whispers.

"..They haven't had a worthy meal in weeks. They are kept idle, are being pestered and are made miserable by that wretched steward. Milord, you have been given council by the snake behind you. You are being misled, deceived and your realm is crumbling."

"And the manipulations. Please, my Lord, allow me to end this," she continues to insist.

"Her corruption spread everywhere milord. The servants are too scared to leave their work. Young men from the village are leaving this barony. Milord, please allow me to ask you on behalf of every kind and loyal soul.."

"Alright I'm done hearing your grabble," she interjects. "Sir Myre, you are being arrested for treason. Stand down and do away with your weapons."

"Milord! You cannot allow this! Please, you have to stop her!" Panic stains his words. You hate panic.

But doubt infects your convictions. Myre did everything you were told he would do. He asks for the impossible. He wants you to throw away everything you've worked for. He demands you to do away with the one thing that kept you standing. Still, something in him strikes you as honest. He is as much an open book as he was years before. Did you go down the wrong path?

But Elaria helped you. You've heard her reports. You've heard Brutus. Wealth is entering your barony, with your steadily increasing corps of spies you finally have influence within the duchy. You have made grand plans. You would go against yourself if you turned your back on this.

In the shouting, you have a mere moment to decide. Will you go with the old, or stay with the new?




 
> You warn Myre of the ambush.
You don't know what to think anymore. Still, Myre is your friend. He doesn't deserve this. You have to save him against all odds.

You raise your fist.

"Silence!" You pause a moment. "Come closer all of you, I want to take a better look at you."

"My Lord, this is madness!" Elaria whispers. You ignore her. Meanwhile, the knights have closed the distance.

"Please tell me everything. We're safe from any vultures."

The words strike true. A flash of recognition shows on their eyes. Elaria is still unaware. She didn't hunt.

Sire Myre starts talking. He tells you everything and the knights position them around you and Elaria.

She can't believe her ears. First, she unsuccessfully tries to interrupt the confession, then true panic sets in and she calls for the attack.

But the knights are ready. The spies are intercepted before they could strike. In a fair one on one match, they are easily outduelled by the experienced man at arms. Several spies lay dead on the floor. Though they manage to regroup. The numerical superiority is still on their side.

Closer to your throne Elaria tries to slip away unnoticed. She had used the chaos to slink back into the shadows. You try to shout. Myre throws himself in the pursuit. She is no match against his trained speed and he easily catches up to her.

You hear shouting and sounds of battle over the whole castle. It seems the servants have taken up arms as well. The tide of battle swings decisively in your favor. One by one the spies are cut down. They receive no mercy, every blow kills. It's become a carnage.

On the far side of the room, sir Myre managed to subdue and put down the traitor. It's over. You still hear shouting elsewhere, but the throne is secured.
> You several months later.
You've been besieged. Your conscripts man the walls, your man at arms stand by the gates. The enemy is overwhelming, the duke had come for you.

In the chaos, your wife escaped your grasp. Apparently Elaria had been working with her in some way. She fled. She rode for your enemy, betrayed you once more. The duke was seemingly shocked at what had transpired, called for an invasion at once.

So you fought. The last months did wonders for your health, you guessed you had been slowly poisoned. You fought in the woods, called on your old mentor Garreth to help your defense. He refused, told you he saw the darkness in your veins. Whatever that meant. You've fought without him in the streets. You've been pushed back.

Now you fight at the walls. Sir Myre once again stands by your side. The walls shake, they were crumbling even before the siege. Nowadays the only thing that keeps them standing is the pure desperation of your men.

The duke had called for a final assault. This is it.

"Ready men! This is it! Whatever happens, tonight we shall feast as heroes. Our foes have the advantage in both numbers and arms. But they underestimate us! The foreign invaders are here on our terms, on our lands!" you bellow the words using every fiber of your being.

"Be ready, brave sons, valorous daughters. Fight for each other and fight for glory!"

With a roar, your men acknowledge your words. In the last months, they began to trust you again, see you as a fellow victim of filthy foreigners. This will be the wall you'll all die on together. You can see the duke's army approaching. Thousands of ants, pushing huge towers towards your castle. As you glint your eyes you spot the duke himself, and besides him... your wife. You'll show them.

Catapults have renewed their battery on your walls. You can feel it, the very ground you stand on is going to collapse any second. It doesn't bother you. You'll fight in the rubble.

Another barrage, an explosion of sounds send you tumbling to the ground. The world collapses, spins and batters you form every side. The battle had begun in earnest.

You force your body up. Losses around you have been dire. But the blood of your brethren spurs you on. As the first ducal soldiers arrive you fight as bears. You give no inch, no step without reaping offers of flesh.

Eventually, you lose track of time. Everything becomes either a target or an obstacle. You fall into your rhythm. Slash, push, parry, get hit, kill. Stab, dodge, step, slash, kill.

Until you feel someone pull you back by your shoulders. You almost stab the ambusher when you recognize its Myre, battered and bloodied. You can't understand what he yells, but nevertheless you are pulled further back and into your inner keep.

It's here the last of your defenders regroup. Man and woman, old and young, veteran and untrained, they all have the same look of dissociative determination. As the doors break they all charge in. In the close quarters, everybody is equal, chaos and luck reign over skill and grace. Somehow you manage to push back the first assault. Your numbers have thinned considerably. It will do.

A second assault. Once again you throw yourself into the fray. Every kill you make strengthens your resolve. You lose yourself in the battle, everything around you turns into shades of red. For every man you slaughter, two make take its place. You lose yourself. Eventually, you too are cut down.

You survived long enough to hear your Isa barging in. Your story and your life end in her wet embrace. You are sorry. You are too late. You die knowing it all could have ended differently.


 

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It wasn't long before the day arrived when the so-called 'sir' Myre wanted to speak with you. Elaria was proven right once again. You hated it, you hated the fact you had to leave your room, you hated everything. You let yourself be carted through the castle.

The plan required a larger room to perform the ambush. The old throneroom would do. As Brutus moves you through the cold castle something strikes you. It's abandoned, there are no servants in sight. The once lively sounds of busylife are now muffled and depressed. Elaria accompanies you.

"My Lord, is there something wrong?"

"My castle seems.. empty."

"Now you say it, indeed it is. A lot has happened since your accident my Lord. Since you've been recovering there have been no grand feasts. Lady Isab.. Your wife ordered a decree of silence to help you sleep better. Everyone is working diligently and efficiently."

"Hmpf."

You are not convinced. However, you've arrived at your destination. This hall was built before the rest of your castle, it stemmed from a more grander and more decadent time. Ancient white marble and strange forms give the room a heavenly impression. Somehow, even seated in your elevated seat, you fail to comprehend the whole room. It's as if the architecture withholds its secrets. It wills itself to remain an enigma, even from you.

"It's a good room to hide," you say.

"Yes, there are thirty agents waiting in the shadows as we speak," she remarks with a tint of pride. She feels totally in control.

You freeze up for a moment. "Well, yes of course. Please let Myre and his traitors in."

"Very well." She moves in position to stand behind you.

And so it happens. A group of ten knights enters the hall. A few paces ahead of them is Myre. You almost don't recognize him. In the last months, he had aged considerably. Though it fits him well. It gives him a rugged flair of authority forged by painful struggle. Twenty paces before you he stops and looks at you questionably. Then, seeing something he doesn't like, he reluctantly bows.

"Milord, may I speak?" Myre asks, raising his voice to fill the room.

"You may." You find it hard to hate the man in front of you. Something about his posture makes him seem fatigued rather than devious. Still, you've been misled once. You won't let it happen again.

"Thank you. I come here on behalf of your loyal men Milord. They are suffering.."

"These are the lies I have warned you about," she whispers.

"..They haven't had a worthy meal in weeks. They are kept idle, are being pestered and are made miserable by that wretched steward. Milord, you have been given council by the snake behind you. You are being misled, deceived and your realm is crumbling."

"And the manipulations. Please, my Lord, allow me to end this," she continues to insist.

"Her corruption spread everywhere milord. The servants are too scared to leave their work. Young men from the village are leaving this barony. Milord, please allow me to ask you on behalf of every kind and loyal soul.."

"Alright I'm done hearing your grabble," she interjects. "Sir Myre, you are being arrested for treason. Stand down and do away with your weapons."

"Milord! You cannot allow this! Please, you have to stop her!" Panic stains his words. You hate panic.

But doubt infects your convictions. Myre did everything you were told he would do. He asks for the impossible. He wants you to throw away everything you've worked for. He demands you to do away with the one thing that kept you standing. Still, something in him strikes you as honest. He is as much an open book as he was years before. Did you go down the wrong path?

But Elaria helped you. You've heard her reports. You've heard Brutus. Wealth is entering your barony, with your steadily increasing corps of spies you finally have influence within the duchy. You have made grand plans. You would go against yourself if you turned your back on this.

In the shouting, you have a mere moment to decide. Will you go with the old, or stay with the new?




 
> You sound the signal.
You raise your first. 

"Silence!" You pause a moment. "Do you surrender sir Myre?"

He looks defeated, has his shoulders slumped and wants to say something. However, he doesn't get the chance. From behind the pillars, out of recesses and out from the decorations your agents come into play. The group of knights cry out at this obscene gesture of disrespect and tighten their ranks. Your old veteran is not so lucky.

He is immediately cut off from the rest. As defeated as he looked before, this dishonor granted him a second wind. It spurns him into action, into a low battle crouch. His instincts kick in as he makes his first attack. From a low starting point, he sweeps his sword upwards in a wide arc. The spy, although a reasonable fighter himself, is simply not prepared for such an unconventional attack. First blood has been spilled.

Elaria tries to get you to stand up, to evacuate. But this day had left you drained and feeble. You can do nothing but watch the deadly dance before you. The knights are surrounded. You can see the white in their eyes. They know their resistance is futile, that the opposition is too strong.

The agents pick their targets carefully and only after a long combination of feints. Whenever they manage to cut blood, even barely, they retreat. One cut is enough, one cut is all that it takes. After the first knight falls to his knees, they themselves realize just how hopeless their fate is. They panic, disperse in one final and desperate attack only to be individually overwhelmed. It's not pretty. It's not honorable. It's ruthless and it works.

Still, some pockets of resistance remain, mostly the most experienced of veterans. They've managed to regroup to their leader. Sir Myre fights like a bear. He has a wild look in his eyes and his blows are wilder still. He roars and charges into the fray. Long arcs of his blade cut through the spears, disarms the swords. He moves past three and fights four more. Every step brings him closer to you.

His wild charge left him alone once again. His allies, his friends are subdued. You've known them for years. How dare they betray you. Their gesture was pathetic, useless. They underestimated you. You will make them understand everything. None will ever underestimate you again.

Myre tries to reach you. However, his body has suffered badly. His ferocious style left him open and the poison is starting to do its vicious work. His arcs start to slow, then his arms stop working. His breathing becomes shallow and slow. Fear worms its way in his eyes, and he falls down. Face first and stiff as a plank. Somehow it brings you joy, fills you where you were empty before.

Victory.

"Myre..Myre," you start. "You must be feeling betrayed right now. Well, do you?" You pause, mockingly waiting for an answer that wouldn't come. "You've failed. Your rebellion has failed. Myre. Imagine how I must have felt when I got the news you were planning all this," you say while gesturing to the bloody battlefield your throneroom had turned into.

"Have you even thought about what I was going through Myre? Even in my sacrifice, with everybody around me failing, I reimagined myself. I had help, yes, but I had chosen that help. Look around you, Myre. See how the new so easily dispatches the old. And this is only a start." You hear vague noises gurgling from his mouth.

"What is it, Myre? Do you even have anything to say for yourself? I wanted to take you with me, you know? I wanted you to see how far I could take this barony, how much more I am than my father. But no. You betrayed ME Myre!" you howl your displeasure to the back of his head.

"Very well. I'll give you a choice. If you speak up for yourself, I'll abdicate. Otherwise, sadly, you'll remain a traitor to this land. We both know what the penalty for that is, don't we."
> You he predictably stays silent.
It's execution day. You let the world know of the victory you had gained over the rebellion. Elaria paid poets to write of their insidiousness and of your heroic victory. Of the eleven traitors, nine survived the ambush. They had been bound and gagged, put to decay in their cells until everything was ready. Until today.

You allow yourself being carted out of your room once again. You've dressed yourself up, even invited your wife to accompany you on this occasion. You don't mind, you've let everything go today. You feel good.

It all takes place in the courtyard. Attendance is open, some whisper even mandatory. A big wooden stage has been built specifically for this occasion, though you hope it will continue to be of use. Looking ahead you see the crowd. It's as large as you hoped for. You find the atmosphere positively electric.

As you stand on the stage, supported of course by your trusty Brutus, you wave the traitors in. Chained together by their feet and with a forced hunch they make their way to their doom. They were all drugged, made meek, except for Myre. It makes for a beautiful scene. Let them all see how their so-called saviors drivel beneath you.

You let it all sink in. The pure energy from the crowd, the horror from your wife, the smug satisfaction of Elaria. But no, today is your day. You strain yourself and walk towards the first of the once knights. You give him a good slap, order him tied loose from the rest and pull him by the hairs towards the edge of your podium. He follows you like a naive puppy, totally lost, totally vulnerable.

You show him to the crowd, let them take in the sight, and finally slice his throat, dumping him like the sack of shit he is.

So you make it down the row. Each execution is more depraved, more theatrical than the last. It stimulates you, it stimulates the crowd. You can hold back your laugh. Doing this dulls your pain. It fills your void.

Until you have only Myre left. You see yourself reflected in his eyes, coated with fresh blood. You see a monster. It's simply glorious. Then, using a dull knife you cut him open. You open his wounds as you feel your own knitting shut. This is what you missed all those years. It's overwhelming. Still, you need two more. Always those two.

"Well done my Lord."

It's Elaria. She stands by your side. She always stands by your side.

"Want.. wife too." You can hardly say a word. Your face twitches as you dive deep into the pleasure you feel.

"Another day my Lord. The people will need to be reminded in the future." She's right. She is always right.

"Very.. well."

And so the months pass. Elaria is good at her job. She consistently finds traitors left and right. It keeps you busy, content on just performing the executions. Every new kill gives a rush better than the last. You can't believe why you were happy hunting animals before. Every kill dulls your ambitions, your love, and your hatred.

Eventually, you forget about it all. You live to take life. Every waking moment is spent thinking about it. Yet somehow you never reach the death of the two you wanted all along. It's never enough.

Your story ends in you becoming a mindless monster, the bloody baron.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The next morning you call to your servant, one of the newer recruits.

"Milord?" He approaches meekly, apparently, Garreth made an impression yesterday.

"What is your name?" You try to soften your voice, you'll need to win his loyalty.

"It's Brutus, Milord, my ma named me after the ancients," he says surprised.

"It's a powerful name, honor it, Brutus." Although he will probably never amount to anything. Still, flattery from a superior practically feeds someone like him. How could you have been so blind before? "I need to speak to miss Elaria, can you bring her here Brutus?" 

"At once, Milord."

Moments later, faster than you imagined, the servant returns with your steward in tow.

"Thank you for your swiftness, Brutus. Please leave us and close the doors. We must not be disturbed by anyone."

"Understood Milord." He leaves the room, and you wait until the double door close with a heavy thump.

"How are you, my Lord?" Elaria asks and performs a quick curtsy.

"I have been better. Please sit as I'm afraid I won't stand up," you smile, which she returns.

"Do you want the reports, my Lord? It must be tedious being stuck in your bed."

She is uncertain you realize. She doesn't know what you have planned and tries to poke her way in.

"Oh, I assure you, I have had enough to ponder about." You smile once again. "However your reports would provide me with some much-needed distraction."

As she tells about the state of your barony, you observe her. She has a keen mind, using it to notice and improve upon any mistakes of her predecessor. She is excited to finally show her work. You can tell by her eyes that she wants to be noticed. However, you are not certain to her attitude towards you, or your household for that matter. Whenever you bring the topic onto your wife she flatly sidesteps the question. Whenever you ask for her personal opinion, she deftly states obvious facts.

As she finishes her reports, you'll have to decide how much you trust her.
> You test the waters, withold key information.
No, there is too much at stake. You have to lure her in, make her an accomplice, before granting her access to your secrets.

"So Elaria, I have been thinking. Let's face the truth, as much as it hurts. These lands have been a stagnant backwater for centuries. My ancestors valued peace and stability, but the grandest thing they have done was giving wasted council to some duke. Meanwhile, my people have remained proud. However, they currently pale compared to deeds they once performed. This barony needs its fire back."

Elaria blinks. She didn't expect or prepare for this. Oh how surprised she would be upon knowing the whole truth.

It takes a moment before she responds, "Milord. I don't know what to think. While I agree with some points, don't you think you are seeing the situation in extremes?" 

Still, you've caught her attention, her rebuttal came out unconvincingly to even herself. The lure had worked, now to make her bite.

"Tell me Elaria. If you could change one thing, what would it be?" You just gave her a taste of power, of her having your ear, of things to come.

It works, her lips curve upwards as she imagines the possibilities.

"Milord. I would reshuffle our expenses to repair the roads and renew our trade with our neighbors. I would make Rivellon an important center once again."

This wasn't the first thing that came to her mind, nor what she wanted the most. She was still on her guard. The fish didn't bite. You'll have to try again tomorrow.

"Do you think it would be doable?"

"Yes, we spend too much on importing goods. Travel is costly and much is lost. I feel we can do without luxuries upcoming winter, and conscript the peasants in spring after they have sown the fields. We'll have the money and the manpower to finish this project by summer."

"Could we form closer relations, sharing the burden with the neighboring baronies of Dittmarch and Lyrre? The mayor of Woodstown would be glad to bring more trade to the region." You'll have to offer some resistance. You have to cover your tracks.

"I'd rather not sire. Sharing the burden would only lower our standing, we would come from a position of weakness. Let us be the ones who bring wealth into the region."

She lied. She wanted this to be her project. It would earn her a spotlight and renown. But you played a different game, you played the game with her as the reward. And in this game, you had gained enough today. You furthermore feel the energy leaving your body. You'll have to quit while ahead.

"Then give the orders. You'll oversee the project and make the preparations. We'll meet in two days. Please let this old man rest."

"Thank you my Lord." Elaria leaves the room.
> You and you fall asleep.
The next two days proved uneventful. The usual people came and went. You only did the bare minimum required to uphold your typical image. You lived only for your one goal now and its next step was Elaria's meeting. In your mind time flashed by, until that one moment when you saw her walking through those doors.

"Welcome Elaria," you open neutrally.

"Thank you, my Lord," she responds likewise. "How were your last days?"

"Hopefully those days won't be my last." A subtle jab to her foreignness. It'll help to unease her. You want her to be unbalanced for this meeting. "They've been spent thinking and recovering."

"That is good to hear, my Lord. And thank you for correcting me." She portrayed the ever dutiful courtier. She knew the game, forcing you to show your cards first.

"How did your project fare?" You concede a small pawn.

"It went really well. The village elders offered their help immediately." So she did accept help, it just had to come from her. The pawn was rightly sacrificed.

"Have they offered anything substantial?" Another jab, let her prove she's not naive.

"No," she said hesitantly. "Not yet, my Lord." Subtle, she showed her first weakness. You know enough to form your plan of attack and change the subject.

"Alright, how about your plans?"

"They remain the same as before, my Lord." Elaria retook her position. "I made the first overtures to the suppliers. With any luck, we only need to wait for the sowing season."

"Aren't you afraid that the idle wait will work against us?" Make her think of us as one agent. You softly introduce the concept.

"No, my Lord -"

"Please just use Sir," you quickly interrupt. Throw another smokescreen and even the position in the process.

"Uh, yes Sir." She's taken aback. Good, she's right where you want her to be.

"Elaria," you wait a moment as a father would directing his child. The meeting goes just as you had envisioned. "The way you have planned things, you'll budget and cut short-term quality of life for no immediate rewards. Am I correct?" you continue in a tone that demands a short answer.

"Uh, yes Sir." Good. She follows.

"So we are taking a risk. By practically giving our money to the suppliers, while demanding nothing immediate in return, we not only make a very bad investment, but also show ourselves as weak and naive." This is the turning point. Does she resist, or accept your assigned role?

"Yes, sir. You are right."

You say nothing. Let her overthink her options and end up in the only logical outcome.

"Sir, can we go over it again together?"

Succes.
> You say "Very well."
The rest of the meeting turns into dull specifics and crunching of numbers. You had won your price. The fish had bitten down on the hook. The only thing left was the arduous process of hauling it in. It had to be slow, lest the fish knew of its capture. You've seen the way Elaria looks at you change. She trusts you more, shows genuine respect.

Still, even if it had failed, you came out of today with a solid plan of economic upheaval. In as little as but half a year, you'll have done more than your father in his lifetime. You'll have totally renewed the infrastructural backbone of your barony. It'll allow you to further your horizons and expand your influence. Then, and only then, will it be time to continue the revenge on to your dearest liege.

So the days quickly pass by once again. Your wife becomes more and more incessant in her cries for attention. It infuriates you. How dare she pretend nothing happened. She had lost you and your love. She squandered her chance at redemption. Yet she can't know that until it's too late. You'll have to keep her happy and busy in the meantime. You'll have to meet her, for the sake of safety and sanity.

"Robert!" Her voice enters your room. You steel your will.

"Yes, it's me. How are you?" you couldn't help letting disdain seep in your voice.

"Are you tired again, my love?" Luckily she's as naive as you remember.

"I've been thinking a lot. Isabella, nothing will happen here for the next few months. I'll be recovering in a daily grind, while you'll be stuck here with nothing you can do. Remember how it was last time? You'll be bored and depressed. I don't want that for you." The warm smile you fake makes you sick once again.

"Thank you for your consideration. But I want to stay here, with you. I feel we need this, honey. We need some proper time to ourselves" Like a filthy fly that keeps zooming about. Why does she have to be so difficult?

"Isabella, listen to me. If you stay here we'll only fight. I need my space and quiet, while you need your stimulation. Wouldn't it be better for us to provide that to each other? Wouldn't it be only cruel to deny it?" 

Isabella stays quiet for a moment. You sense she's not agreeing with it at all. She struggles to make up her own mind before she responds, "What are you thinking?"

"Remember all the time and energy we put into advising the duke?" Her face falters at his mention. "I wouldn't want our efforts to be wasted by my foolish recklessness." Her face shows small glimpses of guilt. You're striking a nerve. Good.

"Yes," she stammers.

"I trust you, Isabella. You were always the strongest of our duo." You're hitting your target hard. Isabella anxiously shifts her weight. "You always knew what do to and were capable of seeing the true path. There would be no one I would rather have maintaining our reputation than you."

You sense she would rather be anywhere else other than here, in this room with you. She's afraid of what's going to happen. She doesn't want to leave for the capital, but can't find it in her to fight against your judgment. Speaking up against your words would probably be too uncomfortable for her.

It offers up possibilities. Could you manipulate her further, use her as an active spy within your enemies' ranks? Would playing that game be worth facing the daily reminder of what she had done?
> You play with her some more. "I love you, Isabella."
You had been cold to her the last weeks, doing the bare minimum to uphold any semblance of a relationship. She was probably afraid. She was afraid you knew the truth, that she wouldn't recover her mistake and that she'd be lonely forever. Your words took away some of that fear but replaced it with something far more insidious.

Her hurt doesn't arise from you anymore. You've placed yourself out of her crosshairs, leaving her with nothing to focus on but to within. Self-loathing and guilt will eat her up from the inside over the next days, possibly crippling her. You'll then offer yourself as her crutch, seemingly shield her against her own demons and make her dependant on you in the process. 

So far the plan has worked. The words appeared to break her down. Her barriers faltered before your eyes. Your wife, the woman you once so loved, is now reduced to a helpless mark. You force your disgust down and replace it with a steely focus on your goal.

"I love you too, Robert, I love you so much." Her eyes are watery and enlarged. You can taste a hint of her despair, of the inner battle she fights against herself. It's time to move in position.

"Come here, Isa," you say while offering her your embrace. The possibility of her touch hardly fazes you anymore. The once raging storm had calmed into a breeze of malignance.

Good, she accepts.

"I.. I have to tell you something Robert," she starts. It's bad news. If she were to tell you of her misdoings, you'd lose any leverage. Let her wallow in her predicament all alone.

You quickly interject, "Shh, my love. It's alright, you can tell me later. I don't want to ruin this beautiful moment."

Good, it made her quiet. You let the embrace last for a few minutes more. Just when you feel her relax completely, you cut it short. Leave her wanting more, with never enough to fill the gaps entirely.

"Thank you, Isa. I needed that." Another smokescreen. "But I start to feel my wounds again, I'm sorry."

She shows a pained smile. "It's alright."

"We will write to each other right? When you'll arrive.." You let the sentence draw out, carefully picked 'when' over 'if'.

"Why would you ask that, Robert? Of course, we will." It's almost too easy. How could you once have let this harlot fool you?

"Thank you, Isa. I am sorry." You overplay a groan and lower yourself once again in your bed, closing your eyes. This meeting is over.

"Me too," she softly says when she thinks you're not listening. "Me too."
> Months pass by in fruitful preparation.
The early signs of spring make themselves known. The winter was mild, allowing good groundwork to be done on the infrastructure project. As you look outside, you see the first serfs waddling through the fields. Another year had passed for them, only for their cyclical life to start again. It would only be a month more before you would recruit them to hard labor.

The winter was good for you too. Time restored all wounds, as the healmasters always said. For once their indecipherable methods worked; you walked upright again and were full of vigor. You had used it well. Promises of revenge gave life to your days, kept you working from the break of dawn to far past midnight.

You had used the time and energy to build up relationships. You were certain Elaria, the young ambitious woman, could be depended upon. You had slowly and carefully breached subjects of treason, while positioning yourself as her father figure. You pulled your relationship away from the once cold, calculating rationality and to the warm sensitivity. You gave her another option, a safe haven in a foreign and hostile land. You allowed her to confide in you her troubles and her glee. You made yourself a key part of her world.

The same could be said of your once loving wife. Over the past few months, your letters became longer and more heavily laden with passionate agitation. You could see her self-hate, her desperation increase during her stay in the capital. You made no mistake; she probably jumped in bed with the frog as soon as she had arrived. She searched for anything to fill the holes that consumed her from the inside. She was like you in that regard.  Only you had done so successfully, let it feed on feelings of hate and vengeance. She was still searching and let the search blindly lead her away from her path.

You accepted it and used it, for he could not soothe her guilt in any way. In fact, you even gently nudged her towards him. Let her see how hollow their pleasure was, let her yearn for something he couldn't possibly offer. It was a careful balance. You wanted, needed them to be together. Your wife required a good position for her to be useful, sabotaging their relationship would only hinder that. Still, you needed to bind her to you in some way. Would she be too enamored with him, she would never betray him.

Luckily this wasn't the only thing to keep you busy. You made drastic changes to your daily routine. You practiced swordplay for hours at end, forcing your will to face the harsh conditions. Eventually, your body adapted. You were stronger, faster and tougher. Strong minds needed strong bodies.

This gave you an idea. What better way of vengeance than to slay him openly, for all to see in an officially sanctioned one on one duel. He would have to accept of course. But, with a spy among his midst, you could easily manufacture a situation where that would be his only option. You can already see yourself holding his severed head for all to see.

Elaria had scoffed at the idea, denouncing it as something detestably brutish. Her way was far more meticulous. She proposed using your renewed roads to influence your peers. She wants you to position yourself as the crucial piece to hold the realm together. When all was in place, you'd simply sell out the duke to his rivals. It would prove to be an option that would not only achieve your goals, but also increase your power.
> You needed to do the act yourself.
Revenge is a dish best served in person. You know it's not the most effective, yet it feels the best. You order Elaria to sow distrust in the capital. A plan is shaping up in your head. It'll require plenty of patience and diligence. Best to keep your enemies off-balance in the meantime.

Over next weeks you intensify your training regiment. Myre proved to be a worthy partner, capable of tricks you thought to be impossible. You have him teach you every single one. You continue until your knees buckle and then some.

More crucial to your plan is your wife. You write her every single day. You tell her of sickness and of restlessness. You want her to know you're planning on coming to the capital. Any day now you'd be strengthened enough to travel. Any day could be the day you'll arrive with a letter in person.

The letters you receive grow in anticipation. Your unknowing spy tells you about her life as well. Between the lines of want and love, you read the moves of your enemy. He grows agitated as well. The city is turning against him and he is losing his conquest.

You're certain he'll play right into your hands.

 
> You last minute preparations.
When you read the city had broken into active rebellion, you decide it's time.

"Elaria, have the spies to poison the water. When I arrive I want the revolt broken by sickness and death."

"My Lord, you don't have to risk it. We could spread the uprising, join it with a proper army," she'd begun to see you as a friend, a figure of trust and knowledge. As heartwarming as it was, she saw you as weak. That could prove dangerous.

"No. Trust me on this. It will work," you harden your voice with an icy undertone. It's an unmistakable hint of poorly concealed danger. "I will put my hands on his throat and personally squeeze the life out of him. Nothing can stand between me and that."

It worked, she unmistakably takes a little step back. "Understood. I will send out the orders."

"I know you'll be there when it counts. Now, please leave me. I have a lot to prepare."

As she leaves the room, you stretch your back one more time. As much as you can't allow it to show, it's still your weak spot. The healing process left it strained and stiff. It'll have to do.

So you walk to the knight's quarters. The castle had grown so small in the last months. You feel as if the walls enclose on you, the halls shorten. You've outgrown it, finally ready for something greater. You are ready for your reforged destiny. You are ready to leave.

A short moment and a few orders later, you find yourself at the head of a small column. You had handpicked twenty knights to accompany you. It's not enough to make the duke wary, but enough to make a statement. You want to provoke him into jumping in your trap.
> The road was silent, for everyone knew fate held the reins now.
You arrive as a spear of light into the rotting darkness. The city had gone through hell. Buildings smouldered, corpses laid scattered over the roads and every single man was either sick, dying or both. The grime stuck to everything. Flies buzzed about, imitating the few filthy healmaster that could still walk.

The gate was open, unguarded. Was the working of your poison too effective? You push those thoughts as collateral to the side. You were here for a mission. That mission stood above anything else.

Slowly you make your way through the city. The familiar streets look even worse up close. A nagging sense of guilt seeps down your spine. Did you go too far?

"Milord, it's not safe here." A knight to your right draws his sword. The unblemished metal cuts trough the rotten air, ready to be used. "We can't let them get close, what if it's spreading to us?"

"Agreed." The bastards never know the truth. "We must make haste to the keep. Keep everything at sword's end."

And thus you move together. As one band against the darkness, you force yourself through. Some desperate men needed only intimidation, others had to be cut away. It's all for your mission. You move over blockades, through some areas that witnessed heavy fighting and under viscous clouds of thick black smoke. You move until you reach the keep. It's heavily guarded.
> You and you move beyond.
"Robert! It's good to see you, especially now," your liege says, quickly approaching. It was obvious he meant anything but that. He had to be nervous; you barely entered his domain.

"I heard the tales. Is it all true?" Your strength is showing your weakness. Play the mark to catch it.

"It's even worse. Come, follow me."

He seemed distracted, but not hostile. Good. You motion your knights to follow you just in case. You never know with such a treacherous bastard.

"Is the sickness curable?"

"I'm afraid not. Everyone who has the first symptoms dies within a day. We don't know how it spreads. We don't know how to cure it." A glint of pain shows through his eyes.

"Has the keep been hit as well?"

"Yes, but luckily it was contained. Most of us here have been biding our time," he answers your question before stopping entirely. He definitely was hiding something. "Tell me, Robert, do you believe in faith?" The question catches you off guard. Where did this change come from?

"I do believe there's more. Something unexplainable just out of sight." A neutral answer to dismiss his inquiry.

"I didn't at first. Yet with you here, I can't help but see the patterns. You see, the grumbling started as soon as Isabella arrived here. And now you arrive. You came here just as the disease spreads. I can't help it, Robert..." Fuck, he was on to you. "... I can't help but think you're both cursed by faith and I am cursed for standing in between you both."

At that moment you see her. She looked weak, frail. Her skin was a sickly white pallor and her eyes were dead. It seemed she had used the last of her strength to seek you out. To come to you as her last will, her last action in this world.

"Robert..." she whispered and fell to her knees. Life itself was ebbing out of her every moment.

No. This was not the plan. You rush to her side. As much as you disdained that woman, you were both still bound to each other. You can't lose her like this. Not by something as wicked as pure chance.

"Robert..." she whispered silently. Her hand reaches up to your cheek. A tear wets hers. "I am sorry for everything, Robert." Your will leaves your icy grasp as water between your fingers. "Please, forgive me."

You don't reply. You don't trust your voice. The day started perfectly. Everything went exactly as you had planned. Yet it all turned so wrong.

One last embrace to the woman you knew so intimately.
> You there is just one more thing to do.
As you feel her strength leave her completely, you stand up. There he is. He stands like a sad pig that finally lost his favorite toy. You'll show him.

"You did this, you filthy maggot. You betrayed me, took her and now finally killed her when you got bored. You're despicable, a spineless coward unfit to rule over his own dick." Every dammed ounce of anger, sadness and hurt spills out harder with every damned word you say. "Be a man for one day; I demand to exact my right to duel."

"I wanted to honor you, you know. I wanted to support you in your mourning. Yet you show yourself the thick-headed unstable piece of shit you've always been. I accept your challenge. It'll be to the death." His eyes turn into little dark pits of pure hate. "For that's the only thing you deserve."

You relax. Both of you posture up at opposite sides of the woman you once both loved. Both of you don't want to be the first to leave her. This is what you had trained for. You unsheathe your sword.

"We do it here. And we do it now."

"Finally we agree." He does so likewise.
> You and everything else blended away.
The duel starts mirrored. You both crouch in a combat stance. Yours is lateral and wide. His is shorter, feet closer together for more power. You both circle to each other's weak side. You both circle around her. One look at her reminds you of what you're doing this all for.

You attack first. A long straight lunge. You didn't put any real power behind it. It was to annoy and hone your range. You look past your sword's edge and see it easily parried. The duke hadn't expected your speed. Good, more was still to come.

Another attack. A sidewards slash this time. Again parried. Yet it served its purpose. The duke didn't want to lose face. He attacked, as his stance predicted, with a furious and reckless enthusiasm.

Wild wide slashes came your way. They were predictable, yet powerful enough to pound your back with every parry you made. You're forced to give ground. Your circle widens. The circling grows more frenetic.

You keep him on his toes, give him no chance to breathe after his last burst. Feints are followed by light strikes. He is forced to react to every one of them, for every one could be the one with power.

He takes a step sideways, trying to throw you off-center. You react quickly and he takes steps back. As you end your flurry with an overhand you hear cheering. The duke was done for.
> You but the strike got blocked. A flash of pain soars down your spine..
No. It can't be happening. With great effort, you manage to hold onto your sword. The victor failed. Your body failed you at the worst possible time. How could your own meat stand between you and destiny?

"What's wrong, Robert?" your liege asks with sick glee. "Fight me, you can do it."

You're forced to use both hands to desperately block his counter.

"Is there something wrong? Answer me!"

Another strike, another desperate defense. You don't know if you can hold it up much longer. Your shoulders, forced to compensate, can't hold up against this onslaught. Your arms tingle with the reverberation of every strike. Sweat streams down your face.

"Come on, at least put up something more than just this," he continues to taunt. "This is just pathetic. You are pathetic, always were-"

You throw everything into one last sweeping strike, one of Myre's tricks. This was your one shot, one chance to walk away victorious. You start high and force him to guard his ribs, Then, the last moment, you slump with your entire weight and send the blade flying straight to his thigh.

Success and failure. You both end up on the ground, grunting to stand up first. None wants to be left behind in the realm of the dead.
> You forgo this pointless competition and throw yourself at him.
In order to win you sometimes have to bite through the dirt. You do exactly that. Instead of following your opponent to his domain, you spring into him. It sends you both to an ungracious fall. You both tumble through the room with him ending up on top.

He draws his dagger; you buck as hard as you can. He loses his balance; you retake your rightful position. You hit him as hard and as often as you can; he is on the defense.

The dagger, you have to fight over the dagger. Both of your hands clasp on his wrist, crush his hand.

A scream, the dagger falls.

You feel yourself reaching for it, grabbing it firmly and stabbing him. There's nothing exactly like it. The knife cuts through him as through butter. His very essence flows out through the holes you'd just made. You continue stabbing, only stopping when you've covered the floor with a thick red coat.

"He's dead, Milord." The room was harrowingly silent.

"He's dead indeed." You'd done it. You completed everything you set out to do. Yet you feel only emptiness. What now?

"The duke had left no heirs, married no wife." 

"Our dukedom will surely fall apart."

"What will we do now?"

You stand up, angry at the ones who couldn't honor this moment. You don't want to do this now. Let today's actions fill today and leave tomorrow's open.

"What's done is done. There is only one path forward. I know this will be hard for you to accept, but we need a new duke. Seeing there are no other contenders, I'll offer myself up for that position." There is no charm behind the words. You're just stating cold facts. They either accept or die.

"This is madness!"

"Milord."

"Hail the new duke."

"I won't stand for it!"

The hall had filled itself with a cacophony of yelling. Fights started to break out. The chaos was total.

This is what you'll rule.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No. It can't be happening. With great effort, you manage to hold onto your sword. The victor failed. Your body failed you at the worst possible time. How could your own meat stand between you and destiny?

"What's wrong, Robert?" your liege asks with sick glee. "Fight me, you can do it."

You're forced to use both hands to desperately block his counter.

"Is there something wrong? Answer me!"

Another strike, another desperate defense. You don't know if you can hold it up much longer. Your shoulders, forced to compensate, can't hold up against this onslaught. Your arms tingle with the reverberation of every strike. Sweat streams down your face.

"Come on, at least put up something more than just this," he continues to taunt. "This is just pathetic. You are pathetic, always were-"

You throw everything into one last sweeping strike, one of Myre's tricks. This was your one shot, one chance to walk away victorious. You start high and force him to guard his ribs, Then, the last moment, you slump with your entire weight and send the blade flying straight to his thigh.

Success and failure. You both end up on the ground, grunting to stand up first. None wants to be left behind in the realm of the dead.
> You do everything in your power to win this for once and for all.
There you lie, that frog and your wife by your sides. You can't let this happen. You simply can't stay here. You have to rise above them, only to strike them down.

It's hard. Your whole body protests against your will. The effort shrinks your awareness, making your whole grand plan nothing more than this very simple task.

Just as you rise to your feet you are struck down again. Damnation. You are back where you started, back side by side with your Isa. You look up to see your beast. He is not as terrifying as before, yet all the more dangerous. His maw distorts in an evil grin. This beast will kill not of need, but of pleasure.

It speaks.

"Don't worry, Robert. You'll join your love soon."

The noises it makes sound distorted, you hear them without understanding.

"Don't look at me like that. You know what you've done. You forced my hand. I didn't want to do this. I fell in love with a woman so beautiful she could charm any man. I fell for her and lost myself in the process," the beast sighed and looked for any sympathy. "I see that now. She would never be entirely mine. Maybe this is all for the best."

He never receives any.

You fall into the quiet peace of the void, never to wake up.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Robert! It's good to see you, especially now," your liege says, quickly approaching. It was obvious he meant anything but that. He had to be nervous; you barely entered his domain.

"I heard the tales. Is it all true?" Your strength is showing your weakness. Play the mark to catch it.

"It's even worse. Come, follow me."

He seemed distracted, but not hostile. Good. You motion your knights to follow you just in case. You never know with such a treacherous bastard.

"Is the sickness curable?"

"I'm afraid not. Everyone who has the first symptoms dies within a day. We don't know how it spreads. We don't know how to cure it." A glint of pain shows through his eyes.

"Has the keep been hit as well?"

"Yes, but luckily it was contained. Most of us here have been biding our time," he answers your question before stopping entirely. He definitely was hiding something. "Tell me, Robert, do you believe in faith?" The question catches you off guard. Where did this change come from?

"I do believe there's more. Something unexplainable just out of sight." A neutral answer to dismiss his inquiry.

"I didn't at first. Yet with you here, I can't help but see the patterns. You see, the grumbling started as soon as Isabella arrived here. And now you arrive. You came here just as the disease spreads. I can't help it, Robert..." Fuck, he was on to you. "... I can't help but think you're both cursed by faith and I am cursed for standing in between you both."

At that moment you see her. She looked weak, frail. Her skin was a sickly white pallor and her eyes were dead. It seemed she had used the last of her strength to seek you out. To come to you as her last will, her last action in this world.

"Robert..." she whispered and fell to her knees. Life itself was ebbing out of her every moment.

No. This was not the plan. You rush to her side. As much as you disdained that woman, you were both still bound to each other. You can't lose her like this. Not by something as wicked as pure chance.

"Robert..." she whispered silently. Her hand reaches up to your cheek. A tear wets hers. "I am sorry for everything, Robert." Your will leaves your icy grasp as water between your fingers. "Please, forgive me."

You don't reply. You don't trust your voice. The day started perfectly. Everything went exactly as you had planned. Yet it all turned so wrong.

One last embrace to the woman you knew so intimately.
> You yet you tire of killing.
"Thank you, Milord, for bring me to her." You're tired. As much as you despised her, as much as you wanted to see her as nothing but a tool, she remained yours. You were both bound to each other, totally invested in each other. You loved her and you hated her. You wanted her and you dumped her. There was so much history between you. 

And now she's gone.

"Just... Just take her and leave. I don't want to see both of you ever again," his voice betrayed his true feelings. He cared for her as much as you did. There was nothing at play here other than honest love. He was as heartbroken as you once were.

So you do. You order her wrapped in blankets and take her back home. This will be your treasure.

As you return home, you hand over more and more responsibilities. You don't want it anymore. Elaria becomes the face and the mind behind your lands. You watch how she expands your influence. Enriching your country wasn't enough to fill her ambition. Eventually, she claims other's as well. She played her game perfectly. You're proud of her.

After some years you decide to hand it over for real. You kept thinking of Garreth's offer. You tire of the treachery, the killing, and the ruthlessness. You desire nothing but some peace and quiet.

And so you leave your castle behind. It had changed, no longer filling you with that fatherly satisfaction. It became more and more something you'd never known. Something that no longer desired you. 

You walk humbled over the old roads. The path to the cabin had overgrown in disuse. Both parties found it best to leave each other alone. Every step takes you back further in the past. You had always found your peace in here.

So you arrive at your destination. The cabin looked relatively intact. There was a small cloud of smoke escaping from the chimney. It was just like you.

One look was all it took to convey the past years. The scars and wrinkles told stories of your mistake, of your regret. He invites you in.

Garreth was a changed man as well. He'd grown so old. His body was failing his mind. You take care of him in his last months. The basic life was so simple, so honest.

You're at home.

Eventually, you find another boy in the woods. He was lost, running away from the abuse at home. He reminds you so much of your younger self. He had the same look in his eyes. You took him in, helped him as much as you could, adopted him as the son you never had.

And so the cycle continues.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The early signs of spring make themselves known. The winter was mild, allowing good groundwork to be done on the infrastructure project. As you look outside, you see the first serfs waddling through the fields. Another year had passed for them, only for their cyclical life to start again. It would only be a month more before you would recruit them to hard labor.

The winter was good for you too. Time restored all wounds, as the healmasters always said. For once their indecipherable methods worked; you walked upright again and were full of vigor. You had used it well. Promises of revenge gave life to your days, kept you working from the break of dawn to far past midnight.

You had used the time and energy to build up relationships. You were certain Elaria, the young ambitious woman, could be depended upon. You had slowly and carefully breached subjects of treason, while positioning yourself as her father figure. You pulled your relationship away from the once cold, calculating rationality and to the warm sensitivity. You gave her another option, a safe haven in a foreign and hostile land. You allowed her to confide in you her troubles and her glee. You made yourself a key part of her world.

The same could be said of your once loving wife. Over the past few months, your letters became longer and more heavily laden with passionate agitation. You could see her self-hate, her desperation increase during her stay in the capital. You made no mistake; she probably jumped in bed with the frog as soon as she had arrived. She searched for anything to fill the holes that consumed her from the inside. She was like you in that regard.  Only you had done so successfully, let it feed on feelings of hate and vengeance. She was still searching and let the search blindly lead her away from her path.

You accepted it and used it, for he could not soothe her guilt in any way. In fact, you even gently nudged her towards him. Let her see how hollow their pleasure was, let her yearn for something he couldn't possibly offer. It was a careful balance. You wanted, needed them to be together. Your wife required a good position for her to be useful, sabotaging their relationship would only hinder that. Still, you needed to bind her to you in some way. Would she be too enamored with him, she would never betray him.

Luckily this wasn't the only thing to keep you busy. You made drastic changes to your daily routine. You practiced swordplay for hours at end, forcing your will to face the harsh conditions. Eventually, your body adapted. You were stronger, faster and tougher. Strong minds needed strong bodies.

This gave you an idea. What better way of vengeance than to slay him openly, for all to see in an officially sanctioned one on one duel. He would have to accept of course. But, with a spy among his midst, you could easily manufacture a situation where that would be his only option. You can already see yourself holding his severed head for all to see.

Elaria had scoffed at the idea, denouncing it as something detestably brutish. Her way was far more meticulous. She proposed using your renewed roads to influence your peers. She wants you to position yourself as the crucial piece to hold the realm together. When all was in place, you'd simply sell out the duke to his rivals. It would prove to be an option that would not only achieve your goals, but also increase your power.
> You elaria was right. Her option would be much safer.
So you meet with the barons again. You reforge deals, direct trade to your own barony. You offer up favors, call in your own. You renew alliances, destroy old ones. Your heart is not in it though. All of it feels fake. It feels as if you're missing a step. 

Elaria keeps pushing you. She wants you to succeed, wants herself to succeed. She starts to despise your apathy. As much as you argue, as much as you try your old tricks, you feel a steadily increasing rift between the two of you.

You start to look more and more into your letters for friendship, for love. The ruthless plan has transformed itself into the one point of light within your days. It fuels you to keep going, to do it for her.

Over the months there's a shift. Elaria says you've been losing your edge. Your drive isn't what it always was. Eventually, she leaves.

You beg your wife to come back, to return. She was the one sure thing in your life, for better and for worse. You're so sorry.

She does return, with an army.

She betrayed you. They all betrayed you. You feel your will break totally.

You don't fight back, let them arrest you.

You're being trialled and sentenced to death. Elaria was the key witness. Her innocence swayed everyone.

You see them all stare at you. You're nothing to them and they are nothing to you. You see them all before you simply fall in a basket.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The rest of the meeting turns into dull specifics and crunching of numbers. You had won your price. The fish had bitten down on the hook. The only thing left was the arduous process of hauling it in. It had to be slow, lest the fish knew of its capture. You've seen the way Elaria looks at you change. She trusts you more, shows genuine respect.

Still, even if it had failed, you came out of today with a solid plan of economic upheaval. In as little as but half a year, you'll have done more than your father in his lifetime. You'll have totally renewed the infrastructural backbone of your barony. It'll allow you to further your horizons and expand your influence. Then, and only then, will it be time to continue the revenge on to your dearest liege.

So the days quickly pass by once again. Your wife becomes more and more incessant in her cries for attention. It infuriates you. How dare she pretend nothing happened. She had lost you and your love. She squandered her chance at redemption. Yet she can't know that until it's too late. You'll have to keep her happy and busy in the meantime. You'll have to meet her, for the sake of safety and sanity.

"Robert!" Her voice enters your room. You steel your will.

"Yes, it's me. How are you?" you couldn't help letting disdain seep in your voice.

"Are you tired again, my love?" Luckily she's as naive as you remember.

"I've been thinking a lot. Isabella, nothing will happen here for the next few months. I'll be recovering in a daily grind, while you'll be stuck here with nothing you can do. Remember how it was last time? You'll be bored and depressed. I don't want that for you." The warm smile you fake makes you sick once again.

"Thank you for your consideration. But I want to stay here, with you. I feel we need this, honey. We need some proper time to ourselves" Like a filthy fly that keeps zooming about. Why does she have to be so difficult?

"Isabella, listen to me. If you stay here we'll only fight. I need my space and quiet, while you need your stimulation. Wouldn't it be better for us to provide that to each other? Wouldn't it be only cruel to deny it?" 

Isabella stays quiet for a moment. You sense she's not agreeing with it at all. She struggles to make up her own mind before she responds, "What are you thinking?"

"Remember all the time and energy we put into advising the duke?" Her face falters at his mention. "I wouldn't want our efforts to be wasted by my foolish recklessness." Her face shows small glimpses of guilt. You're striking a nerve. Good.

"Yes," she stammers.

"I trust you, Isabella. You were always the strongest of our duo." You're hitting your target hard. Isabella anxiously shifts her weight. "You always knew what do to and were capable of seeing the true path. There would be no one I would rather have maintaining our reputation than you."

You sense she would rather be anywhere else other than here, in this room with you. She's afraid of what's going to happen. She doesn't want to leave for the capital, but can't find it in her to fight against your judgment. Speaking up against your words would probably be too uncomfortable for her.

It offers up possibilities. Could you manipulate her further, use her as an active spy within your enemies' ranks? Would playing that game be worth facing the daily reminder of what she had done?
> You send her out of sight and out of your mind.
You won't do it. However much you may hate her, nobody deserves to be toyed around with. It's the one thing that had scarred you the most. What you need is peace and quiet to properly plan, no distractions.

"Look. I know this is hard for both of us, but it must be done." Maybe she'll accept it easier when it's seasoned in kindness.

"Robert, don't do this. We can fix everything."

"Now, please excuse me. It's getting late and you know how the healmasters demand of rest," you force a lighthearted chuckle, only to grab your ribs in pain. You're quite proud of your theatrics. "Goodbye, Isabella."

As if on cue the very man walks in and promptly runs in to check your torso. "It seems the ribs are only sprained, you'll have to be careful Milord."

Your wife, no longer the sole recipient of your attention, awkwardly shuffles out of your room. Faintly she mutters her goodbyes.

Finally. It was dire time you had your castle to yourself. The quiet works wonders for your productivity. One by one you go off potential solutions to your problem. You want them both gone, dead, flown away into obscurity. You would ideally want to see them make their final journey yourself. It would only be right. One day you've decided you'd need another eye on the matter.

"Elaria, you know what I'm planning. You know what I want. How would you do it?"

"I'm glad you asked," she says as chipper as if you had asked her to show you her pottery collection. "I am dying to try out a new concoction I've been thinking of. It'll kill a target and everyone it kissed with it. You see, it's too thick to be broken down by the saliva and too sticky to be swallowed.' You can hardly believe your ears. This is a side from her she'd been hiding her entire life.

"Wait, what?" you reply surprised.

"You don't like it? Oh, we could always go with a tried and true method. Slip some in their wine and they'll be gone by nightfall. No traces. But it's less poetic, don't you think? We can hardly let your grand revenge plan be boring." Her innocent eyes are in stark contrast with the sarcastic mind behind them.

"No. Stop telling me of your poison. I want this to be done properly. Man to man-"

"Yes, yes. Poison is a woman's weapon. I've heard it," she interrupts dejected.

"Come now. We'll have you practice on less important targets. I want something grand. I want to see the white in their eyes. I want to hear their last words. I want to be there when they find their naive baron had grown up."

"How about this. I want you to play the political game. Earn back his trust, forge your way into power and finally have him fed to the lions. You'll be there as his rivals feast upon his carcass. You'll be the next duke, allowing you to do whatever you want. You can bring us both out of this backward barony." You notice how she's begun to speak more openly. The false niceties of a typical courtier have abandoned her. In their place, there is only an ambitious woman. She's desperate to become more, become greater. You can use that in the future.

"Don't worry. All of it will be acquired, my dear. But don't mix business with pleasure. It'll be distasteful to mar your revenge with personal ambition. It'll be too impersonal. It'll only dilute the irony. After all, having others do my work I'll become nothing more than that frog."

Elaria became quiet. She was not certain of what to say anymore, every offer shot down immediately. Still, you let an opening in your last statement. Losing her would be the end of you both, and she knew it.

"No, I want to be there to do the deed myself if I can. I'd like to duel the bastard to the death," you say. It's an idea you'd be mulling about for several days now. It would be the perfect option. You would best him personally and stain his death with dishonor.

"That would only be foolish, my Lord." Elaria had regressed into her role. Maybe you pushed her too hard. "There would be no way knowing he'd actually accept. It would be madness for him to even consider it. No, if you are so hellbent on playing the tough brute, we must organize an ambush."

"Hmm, what do you propose exactly?"
> You say "Kill them both on their hunt."
It was a good plan. It had just the right mix of ruthlessness and personal bravery. You'd be there, leading loyal men into a slaughter. You're already envisioning the scene before your eyes. It'll be good. Yet there's one problem.

"Isabella hates hunts. How would you deal with her?"

"Easy, you don't. Your so kind refusal will put her straight into lovey-dovey territory with the duke, just as before. He'll be practically begging her to join him on such a romantic excursion and she'll be unable to say no," she says with a wicked grin. You could see the cogs spin in her head. "He'll want to show her how tough she is, just as you are doing now, and embark with as little men as possible. If we're lucky he'll be dumb enough go alone."

You want to say something, but she only shushes you.

"No, not yet. I'm still thinking. He will want to impress her, show her how valiant he is. That's what she likes, what she reads about in her books." Her accurate observations are terrifying. "He will lead her south, to our forests. He will want to show her how much more a man he is than you. And to do that nothing less will suffice than a fully grown bear.

Now if the duke is anything like I think he is, he'll be scared. Once in the actual forest, he will want nothing else but to retreat back into the castle. He will catch on to his stupidity. But he can't lose face; he can't show her his weakness."

Now she fully turns to you, a broad toothy smile flashing her smugness.
> You say "And that's when we catch them."
You're surrounded by trees once again. The moss beneath you gives way with every step you make. It's your second day on the hunt. Your prey is getting closer.

Elaria was right. The duke did exactly what she'd expected. You both worked hard for this day, recruiting trustworthy men without allegiance. She had stayed behind while you indulged in your desires. You made a good team together.

You spotted the tracks some time ago. It was obvious they both had no experience of moving through nature. Even a bear's tracks were harder to follow. You could almost read their conversation by their footsteps and the broken branches. They even carved out a stupid heart.

There, you see them. It's eerily quiet. You order your men to crouch through the thick underbrush, carefully evading any dead branches. They know what to do. They've trained for this. You follow them from a distance, holding only a sword. It should suffice.

Your men split, dividing themselves into two groups. It's a variation of the old pincer maneuver. One side will chase them as panicked dogs to the other. The wind roars its displeasure at the act you're committing. It's sharp blows tear your eyes. You're left alone with your blinding vengeance.

It should be any moment now.

You see one group closing in, faces covered in paint transforming them into terrifying monstrosities. When they're mere meters away, they deliberately make a sound. The duke turns first, seemingly on edge. He gives a bone-chilling scream and pulls your wife with him. Good, at least he didn't abandon her in grave times.

They run. They force themselves forward as fast as they can, running from certain death. Sometimes they stumble, sometimes get separated, it's all useless. They are surrounded.

The two parties now fully show themselves, armed with swords and nets. They move in position, enveloping their prey.

This is what you lived for. The last months have been spent with only one goal in mind. Seeing your two targets trapped simply makes you feel alive. You once again feel yourself master over your own destiny.

Isabella has already been caught. The nets entangled and captured her beyond saving. Your other target has had much more luck. He's stronger and faster. The fear makes him entirely another beast to deal with, much more ferocious. He seemingly holds his own against the tide. He cuts through nets, parries swords and dodges any lunges. Seeing his precarious position, he charges through the encirclement, cutting off any chance of a clean capture.

That's when you have to jump in. With a loud yell, you catch his attention. He curses and changes direction, running straight at you.
> You try to parry his wild attack.
This isn't what you had expected. Without slowing down he charges into you, yelling at the top of his long. A wide overhead swing follows.

You see the blade coming for your head and push your own blade in its direction. There's no time to think. A loud metallic shrink sounds through the forest as your own arms give way. You don't have enough strength to do it. Your eyelids close themselves in a wasted reflex to protect your body. You can't look death in the eyes.

A flash of pain erupts like a volcano all over your face. You feel blood seeping out, drowning you in the process. You're not dead yet. You had fallen down. A flashback overtakes you as you see your beast standing over you. 

"We're both dead before the sun sets."

Another strike, your vision fades. You faintly hear yelling, fighting, another body falling down beside you. You remember letting out a guilty grunt of satisfaction. You've exacted your revenge.

You'll die happily.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You're surrounded by trees once again. The moss beneath you gives way with every step you make. It's your second day on the hunt. Your prey is getting closer.

Elaria was right. The duke did exactly what she'd expected. You both worked hard for this day, recruiting trustworthy men without allegiance. She had stayed behind while you indulged in your desires. You made a good team together.

You spotted the tracks some time ago. It was obvious they both had no experience of moving through nature. Even a bear's tracks were harder to follow. You could almost read their conversation by their footsteps and the broken branches. They even carved out a stupid heart.

There, you see them. It's eerily quiet. You order your men to crouch through the thick underbrush, carefully evading any dead branches. They know what to do. They've trained for this. You follow them from a distance, holding only a sword. It should suffice.

Your men split, dividing themselves into two groups. It's a variation of the old pincer maneuver. One side will chase them as panicked dogs to the other. The wind roars its displeasure at the act you're committing. It's sharp blows tear your eyes. You're left alone with your blinding vengeance.

It should be any moment now.

You see one group closing in, faces covered in paint transforming them into terrifying monstrosities. When they're mere meters away, they deliberately make a sound. The duke turns first, seemingly on edge. He gives a bone-chilling scream and pulls your wife with him. Good, at least he didn't abandon her in grave times.

They run. They force themselves forward as fast as they can, running from certain death. Sometimes they stumble, sometimes get separated, it's all useless. They are surrounded.

The two parties now fully show themselves, armed with swords and nets. They move in position, enveloping their prey.

This is what you lived for. The last months have been spent with only one goal in mind. Seeing your two targets trapped simply makes you feel alive. You once again feel yourself master over your own destiny.

Isabella has already been caught. The nets entangled and captured her beyond saving. Your other target has had much more luck. He's stronger and faster. The fear makes him entirely another beast to deal with, much more ferocious. He seemingly holds his own against the tide. He cuts through nets, parries swords and dodges any lunges. Seeing his precarious position, he charges through the encirclement, cutting off any chance of a clean capture.

That's when you have to jump in. With a loud yell, you catch his attention. He curses and changes direction, running straight at you.
> You lunge forward at the last possible moment.
You see the beast running up to you with all its fury, with all his strength. You see it gripping its sword with both hands and crouch in your own stance. There's no stopping that power, you'll have to be faster.

You close your eyes and jump forwards, sword facing your enemy. You feel resistance, push through with all your might. You push until you feel him touching your sword's guard.

There you have your beast. It's skewered and ready. The hunted has become the hunter once again. You look into its eyes and see the man you've hated for so long, gasping for air, grasping for life. You squirm your blade around, enjoying every last bit of hurt you can inflict. This is your vengeance. This is what he deserves.

You stare into his eyes. They are filled with pain and betrayal, unknowing how such a beautiful day could end so wretchedly. It feels good. The more of yourself you recognize in him, the better your revenge tastes. You continue staring until you finally see his light leaving his body. Your job is done.

You move on to your love, your sweet Isabella, drunk on power.

"Robert! What are you doing? Please, Robert, please!" she cries out.

Yes, how could you? You don't even deign her worthy of a response. With the back of your hand, you trace her facial features. There she is, the woman that brought you so much happiness. Even in this entangled state, she was still so beautiful.

"Stop it, Robert! I am sorry! Please stop..."

You'll make it stop, grant her that one last wish. With a sharp cut, you end your bond to her life.

It feels every bit as good as you had hoped.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As the bitter words come out from your lips you realize them to be the absolute truth. Your wife held you back, only to kick you while you were down. She betrayed you. But you have become a stronger man for it.

"She ripped into my heart and gave its pieces to another man. I want them both gone."

"What are they to you?" Garreth bounced the ball straight back.

"Loose ends. I need to transform, be better. Their likeness will only hold me back to the ignorant tomfool I once was."

"Robert, you are gripped by the cold hand of vengeance. The path it will lead you is dangerous and corrupting." He grips your hands. They are warm to the touch. "This is not the boy I knew, shielded and mentored. Abstain from this madness!"

"The boy you knew died in the woods. He left this world betrayed and abandoned. I am all that is left, and I am absolutely clear of what I want." The tone of your voice hardens as you pronounce the last words. It begets no insubordination.

"I am sorry Robert. I cannot follow you in this. Whenever you need my aid, decide to relinquish this foolishness.. well you know where I live." His footsteps start to leave the room, then halt. "Please look into yourself. Please find your mercy." 

You don't respond.

This leaves you in absolute loneliness. You are once again alone with your angry thoughts. You stare at the roof above, thinking up your next moves. On one hand, you have the cretin of a duke. He is far more powerful than you could ever be, his lands are rich, his cities populous and his castles well manned. Still, while he proved capable of deception, his hold on his vassals is weak. You could look sabotage his realm from within.

That brings you to your second target, your wife. As far as you know you hold one important advantage. They are both unaware their secret had come out. They both still believe you as naive and loyal as you were before. You'll have to uphold this image at all costs, even if it takes faking your love.

As you see it, your first move of action is to find good advisors. Garreth had filled this void once before you met her. Before he showed his true colors. You have Sir Myre, a veteran of war. He is utterly loyal to your house. He has known you for years and will do whatever you ask him to. However, while he is properly experienced in martial matters, you doubt he will provide you with the subtle intrigue you'll need.

On the other hand, you have your new steward. She is an outsider, coming from lands far outside the kingdom. Elaria was her name. She recently took over the post after the former steward was found dead with some wench. There is something about her. While you get the feeling she isn't content, wanting a grander station, you haven't properly met her yet. She could be a loose cannon or she could be exactly what you need.

Myre or Elaria, a hard choice. While you could go for them both, their different outlook would sow discord and hesitation within your plans. It would risk everything. Luckily you have all the time to make up your mind. The rays of light turn bloodred. You absentmindedly accept the serving of some tasteless mush before being left alone. Somewhere in the night, after hours of pondering your moves, you've decided.
> You shall go with the loyal and the veteran.
This is no matter to trust blindly on new acquittances. You'll need experience and loyalty on your side.

The next morning you call to your servant, one of the newer recruits.

"Milord?" He approaches meekly. Apparently, Garreth made an impression yesterday.

"What is your name?" You try to soften your voice, you'll need to win his loyalty.

"It's Brutus milord, my ma named me after the ancients," he says surprised.

"It's a powerful name, honor it, Brutus." Although he will probably never amount to anything. Still, flattery from a superior practically feeds someone like him. How could you have been so blind before? "Can you fetch me, Sir Myre?"

"At once, Milord."

You have to wait some time. You almost want to scream for another servant when Brutus returns, Myre in tow.

"Excuse me, Milord, sir Myre was hard to find." he apologizes.

"It was my fault, really, I was visiting Garreth to discuss whether any more bears would terrorize our lands." This piques your interest. You forget about your anger for a moment.

"Was he talkative?"

"Not at all," Myre replies surprised. "For the first time in years, he refused to see me."

"So he continues in his treason."

"Milord?" he asks back incredulously. You notice your servant still standing in the room.

"Brutus please leave us and close the doors. Don't let anyone disturb us."

"Understood, Milord."A heavy thump marks his exit.

"So what I've been saying," you continue without missing a beat. "Is that yesterday the old man decided to abandon me and my values. It has been the latest in a string of setbacks." You can hardly hold back your anger at this point. Sir Myre wisely stays silent.

"It all started with the duke, or even with my wife. Together they betrayed me and defiled my marriage. They spat on my trust, on my loyalty. I had to leave; I had to catch some fresh air. That's when, well, the hunt happened. I wasn't thinking straight."

You had been plagued by thoughts, bottled up emotions. However it's this moment, the moment you finally let everything out, that it all catches up to you. You can hardly manage a word more.

"Milord. I truly am sorry," Myre starts. "Know that I will forever remain loyal to your house. What would you want me to do?"

 
> You say "Prepare for war."
"Our liege has gravely dishonored me and my name. He spat on my loyalty and deserves nothing but rebellion. I want you to raise our men, plan our attack and prepare for war." You reclaim yourself as best as you can. This is no matter to weakly approach.

"Milord," Myre acknowledges. You sense he wants to speak his mind. Still, you're not finished

"I know we'll be gravely outnumbered and probably lose without any proper preparation. But luck smiles on the bold and we have the nature of our lands at our side. The ancient woods allow us to mobilize without any outside knowledge, it allows us to move unseen and unhindered. If all goes wrong, the woods can be made our wooden wall. We can organize raids and attack with surprise, only to retreat into the green hell." You had thought about it all. The more you speak, the more certain of your words you become.

"Milord," Myre tries again. Very well then.

"Yes, please speak," you reply loftily.

"Have you considered we'll be outnumbered twenty to one?"

It's a defeatist attitude. Numbers are inconsequential with asymmetric warfare. Maybe you've picked the wrong guy. You give him one more chance.

"Yes, I did consider it. We won't strike where they're strong."

Myre wants to say something. But with a piercing stare, you make him swallow his words.

"The risks outweigh the rewards, my Lord," he says instead.

"Yet Fortune smiles on the bold. We shall show them, Myre. We shall show the world what it means to be one of us." The call is clear. Join or be left behind.

The old veteran sighs, "Very well. Give me a month to prepare. You want to do this clean or dirty?"
> You say "Don't do anything too harsh."
You look out of your window. Your army is training. You notice the languidity of the drills. They are ready. Myre did well.

You are riding your trusted horse out the gate. Your army is behind you. You had conscripted the peasants, recruited the wanderers. It became an oiled machine, a machine of death.

You take the first villages easily. The duke had raised his own army in alarm. It's large, your scouts report a five to one disadvantage. Yet you trust in your troops. You trust in your marshal.

The two armies collide on a big open field. It's as flat as they come. Their battleline stretches as wide as the horizon itself. You ride up and down your own and see only fear. Your trusted men needed you.

"Men! Know we have to fight for our freedom today. We fight for the safety of our homes. Look across you! Look at the cowardness of our enemy. He has brought many, yet he has not brought enough!

Our ancestors smile upon you. I say every man from Rivellon is worth ten maggots from the south. Look to each other. See your brethren. You fight not only for yourself. You fight for them too!

We are better trained, better bodied and better armed. We will crush them together. We will stand for Rivellon and pass our mark down to history.

Fight valiantly men! Fight for glory!"
> The armies collide.
You charge forward. Your loud roar of madness reverberates of your army. A thousand throats become one as their owners join you in a battle of life and death.

There is no quarter, there is no honor. You have to fight brutally and hammer every opponent. The once orderly lines quickly devolve in a wild frenzy. Allies fight each other in the confusion. The dust makes it hard to see.

You feel a rimple of shock going through your brethren. The enemy cavalry had joined the fray. Their charge can be felt from over a mile. You force yourself to ignore it. Myre would handle the strategy. You are just another grunt, fighting on the frontlines.

You feel yourself losing your awareness. Your consciousness dulls as you hack and stab at every moving target. It's no use. There is simply no end.

You continue, pushing through the ranks with nothing but blind luck to aid you. You lose track of time.

There! The pressure abates. One side pulls back. It all started with a single man. His wavering courage spread to others like a rotting disease. It's not long before you run after them wildly. You give no time to the pile of corpses and agony you leave behind.

It's in the pursuit you come to your senses and realize the trap you've walked in. Left and ride a wall of riders charges in. Your army ceases to exists within mere minutes. The ones who survive the couched lance are rewarded with a trampled death.

It's here you fall.

It's here you make your mark on history.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Our liege has gravely dishonored me and my name. He spat on my loyalty and deserves nothing but rebellion. I want you to raise our men, plan our attack and prepare for war." You reclaim yourself as best as you can. This is no matter to weakly approach.

"Milord," Myre acknowledges. You sense he wants to speak his mind. Still, you're not finished

"I know we'll be gravely outnumbered and probably lose without any proper preparation. But luck smiles on the bold and we have the nature of our lands at our side. The ancient woods allow us to mobilize without any outside knowledge, it allows us to move unseen and unhindered. If all goes wrong, the woods can be made our wooden wall. We can organize raids and attack with surprise, only to retreat into the green hell." You had thought about it all. The more you speak, the more certain of your words you become.

"Milord," Myre tries again. Very well then.

"Yes, please speak," you reply loftily.

"Have you considered we'll be outnumbered twenty to one?"

It's a defeatist attitude. Numbers are inconsequential with asymmetric warfare. Maybe you've picked the wrong guy. You give him one more chance.

"Yes, I did consider it. We won't strike where they're strong."

Myre wants to say something. But with a piercing stare, you make him swallow his words.

"The risks outweigh the rewards, my Lord," he says instead.

"Yet Fortune smiles on the bold. We shall show them, Myre. We shall show the world what it means to be one of us." The call is clear. Join or be left behind.

The old veteran sighs, "Very well. Give me a month to prepare. You want to do this clean or dirty?"
> You say "Do not worry about the means."
That winter you prepare. You prepare your troops in a whole other form of warfare.  You recruit the wicked and the cursed. You recruit the ones that could slaughter a village without remorse.

For you can't win this war fairly, you have to fight other means. You can't face the duke directly, so you'll strike at his support. You'll keep hacking and grinding until the very foundation he stands on fails. You will do whatever is necessary to strike back.

Sir Myre doesn't appreciate this new path. One day he comes with even more fervor than usual.

"These new recruits are monsters. I saw one of them slowly skin a fox alive. Milord, we can't spit on our ancestors. We can't continue with this dishonor."

"Easy there, Myre. I had ordered it, thinking it would help with a steady hand under times of stress," you lie through your teeth. This strategy needs his mind for warfare. You have to win time to win him over.

"Think about it, Myre. We can't do anything other than going to war. Would our ancestors want us to willingly walk into certain defeat? Or would they applaud us for our ingenuity, for our will to survive and thrive in a cruel world?"

"Well... If you put it that way-" He was so easy to break, to wrap around your finger.

"There's no other way to put it. We either do this, or we perish. Do you want to see them enter our lands, pillage our homes, rape our wives and take our children?"

"No. I'd rather die!"

"I'll do you one better. Why won't you let them do the dying?"

He falls silent. You see him overthinking your words again and again. He was an honorable man. He only wanted the best for his family and his brethren. It would either in him following you fanatically, 
> You or to his betrayal.
It was time. You don your armor, light leather, and move to the front of your troops. The woods that separated your lands from the world worked to your advantage. You could prepare everything in peace and quiet. You had dealt with the only possible leak.

Your wife was secluded in her house arrest. You couldn't kill her. Not yet. You had to focus on the bigger obstacle.

The one you now march to face.

Your army is without insignia, trained to act more as bandits than as soldiers. They plague the countryside, burn the plush fields.

It forces your opponent to react. Hungry peasants are conscripted to acts as panicked armies that scramble to respond.

You are there where they aren't. When they arrive, you've long fled. It's pillaging on a scale never seen before. It scared you as much as you find it effective.

However, it's not sustainable. Your army of rabble proves to gain a will on its own. Clever tactics turn into a wild rampage. There is no stopping it.

Eventually, it turns on you.

You're forced to flee. Unwanted wherever you go.

Where did it all go so wrong?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your head hurts. Your body does too. The light blinds your eyes as you wake up. This is your bed; you are in your own room.

"Thank the ancients. He made it," the voice echoes, leaving an aching ring in your head.

"Oh my Robert, how is he?" 

You feel a delicate hand touching your own. Is it her?

"Isa," you manage out barely.

"Yes! Sweetie, I am home. I was so worried, I came back as soon as I heard the news!" her voice grows more animated causing a groan to escape your lips.

"Sorry, please rest now my love," she continued to whisper. "I heard about the hunt. You were so brave." Her giggle fills the room.

"Rest now, my valorous knight, and forget slaying any more beasts. I want you back as soon as possible."

Before you can respond several footsteps leave the room. Unable to move you are left alone with nothing but your own thoughts. You were attacked, completely taken by surprise. You let your guard down and paid the price. Your mere survival is a miracle, you should be dead now. 

"That was a rookie mistake. I had trained you better."

The voice startles you. A sharp pain flashes through your body.

"Twice now," Garreth remarks drily. "Boy did she really do a number on you."

"When did you enter?"

"I never left your side since.. well since the hunt."

The memory makes you shudder.

"Those bears were unnatural, cursed. I never heard a beast so large be so silent, so cunning," you pause for a moment. "How much time has passed?"

"Four days. And every day they were certain you wouldn't survive till the next."

"I had to pull through." You force yourself to grin. It comes out grotesquely, like a madman's. "I couldn't die like that."

"She kept you going, didn't she?" Garreth asked back. Again he went straight through your smokescreen.

"...Yes."

"Do you still love her?"

This question makes you stop. Your mouth opens and closes again. Do you still find love for your Isabella? Your mind goes back to all the things you've experienced, to the trials and to the pleasures. She did love you, comfort you before you she struck a knife in your back. But afterwards she also came back. In the end, she had wept for you and stood guard by your side.

 
> You say "... Yes."
It hurts your soul, but you know it to be true. It would be far too simple letting hate take over your being. You know one thing, you love that woman. You've loved her since you first laid eyes upon her and you'll continue to love her until the days those eyes close for the last time. She makes you feel alive, even if it pains you. She's still your Isa.

"Yes Garreth." Even through the hurt, the words cause you to smile brightly. "I do still love her."

"You are a fool, my boy," he responds chuckling. "But you have a good heart. It's something that graces you."

"Why am I like this Garreth?" you ask back. "She betrayed me and she let me down. I want to hate her. I try to in hope that it makes me feel better. Still, I can do nothing but to long for her return."

"Son, you have met the love of your life. Whatever you do and whatever she does changes nothing about it. I sense the thread of fate surrounding you both. Nothing shy of madness or death could break that bond." That can't be true.

"Does she feel the same way I do? If so, why did she act that way?"

"I think not. Everybody experiences things differently, my boy." At this moment he seems to age several decennia. "Your emotions are your own as much as her feelings are hers. The question remains, what will you do with them?"

"I don't know Garreth. I want her back. But I see only the duke when I look at her. I see him on top of her. I can't deny I feel love for her but I can't forgive her for what she's done."

"And that is completely justified. The truth is that you've lost each other. I don't know why and I don't know how. I don't even know where to put the blame. I only know that your bond wavered. Life caught up to your fairytale and pure happiness turned into heavy sorrow." You almost recognize a tone of remembrance. It angers you. What does he know of your sorrow?

"And what would an old woodsman know of love?" you bitterly strike out.

"More than you think young man. Everyone was once young and full of life," he responds warmly, ignoring the bitterness that assaulted him beneath your words. "However I think it's time for me to return to my home. Think about it boy. Think about what you want to do."

With that said Garreth leaves.
> You overburdened with thoughts you fall back asleep.
That night, you dream of her, of her black locks waving across your face. You see her up close, her eyes closed in joyfull bliss. She gently waves from side to side, enjoying the sun and enjoying your company. But every time you reach out to touch her, your arms shrink and she's left out of your reach. Always just out of reach.

"My dear, wake up," her gentle voice calls to you. "Wake up, it's time for you to shine another day."

As you indeed rise from your deep slumber, you are met with a far less pretty sight. A hunched old healmaster stands by your bed.

"Wake up, Milord. You've been laying in one place for too long. We'll have to let you walk today, or you'll face the rot that has settled this bed." Somehow you doubt that could be true. Though the dream's magic has passed. There's nothing left to do but to stand.

"Well done, milord. Please don't overexert yourself."

With wobbly knees, you find yourself in the middle of the room. It is a wonder considering only yesterday you were unable to even move your head. It was too much. The world turns black as your stomach lifts itself to your throat. The healmaster is no match for your heavy body. So you fall, injuring yourself and your pride, and hit rock bottom.

And that's when your Isa enters the room. Why now, of all possible times..?

"Robert! What happened?" she cries out and hurries to your side.

"Oh it's nothing," you lie. "Nothing like a good fall to start the day." Her touch feels so good.

"The fault is mine, my Lady." You'll have to later thank the good master. "I overestimated his capabilities." Nevermind, you'll have to save yourself. You can't let her see your weakness. Not now.

"It.. was a slip. Help me up. I can walk."

You don't wait for an answer. You ruthlessly pull yourself up by the shoulders of the old man; it serves him right.

"See, as good as new. Isa, will you accompany me to the garden?" You manage to kick the protesting healmaster.

"I can't let you slip all the way there, can I?" she responds to your delight.
> You onwards to the park.
The pair of you move together. You try not to lean on her too much. As much you want to pretend everything is normal, that the looks she gives you are of pure love, you can't. The chitchat, the touches, everything feels fake. In some ways it is. However, the public is not aware of these subtle underlying tones. Wherever you two walk, you leave lighthearted chuckles and optimistic smiles behind.

Moving through the corridors you reach a small and secluded spot near the courtyard. It's been a favorite spot of yours, a little oasis of peace within the chaos of everyday life. Isabella helps you sit down. You feel the grass between your fingers. It helps remind you of simpler times.

"I am sorry Isabella," you sigh. "That hunt was madness."

"It's okay. You survived and hopefully learned a lesson out of it." She pokes you a little too hard at the end.

"That hurt!" you fake with indignation. "Still, you had to suddenly leave behind everything you'd built up." 

"I didn't have to leave, Robert. I did it out of my own volition. You could've just as easily recovered without me, no?"

"Besides," she adds playfully. "I felt out of place at the capital anyways."

You close your eyes. It's extraordinarily warm weather for fall. The sun shines brightly and warms your cheeks. This was like a dream. The love of your life lies next to you. Still, something bothers you. As beautiful as this dream could be, it's not real. She cheated on you. She betrayed you and now pretends nothing has happened. You simply don't know what parts are true and what parts are lies. Every word could be a lie; some words are definitely lies. Does she still love you? Not knowing where you stand pains you greatly.
> You try to get the truth out of her.
You simply can not handle the uncertainty. You have to know the truth that lies at the core of your present struggle. 

"Isa..." you ask, not knowing how to give words to your intentions.

"Yes, Robert? 

You can't do it. You have to divert the question.

"Why did you feel out of place at the capital?"

"It's difficult to say. I thought I'd be more accepted over there." It was true she hadn't had the best time amongst your own countrymen. Her exotic features and foreign culture scared them. "But along the way, I think I lost myself. I thought I'd be freer over there, wade in a cosmopolitan city. But I couldn't handle the freedom. It's true. I was bored here, in your barony. Things didn't work out. I felt left out with nothing to do, nothing to accomplish. But now I think that is just what I deserve." She buries her face in her arms. This woeful sight pulls your attention away from yourself.

"Come, come now. You are the greatest woman I know and deserve the world. I am so happy I got to know you. Please, you know that I'm here for you right?"

Far from what you intended, these words only escalate the situation. Your Isabella starts to cry. The very sound of it breaks your heart. It cracks your barriers forcing your repressed feelings to come out with the force of a thousand armies.

You find yourself crying together.
> You it relieves both of you.
Eventually, Isabella manages to regain herself. With a heavy sigh, she disentangles herself from your grasp and achieves some graceful poise.

"Robert, how much do you know?" she asks with renewed certainty.

"What?" You can't believe your ears.

"Don't 'what' me Robert!" You haven't heard her raise her voice like this in years. "I've seen it. I see the way you're hurt, the way you pick every single word with such care. You know, the way you look at the world has changed. I see it in the manner you look at me.  Every moment we spend together I feel a distance I've never felt before. It's as if you struggle to open yourself up. I can't handle this any longer, Robert!"

Her stream of words overfloods your thoughts. You can hardly manage a measly, "I saw it..with my own eyes..."

"Oh Robert, I am so sorry! I truly am! I didn't know, I didn't want to! It just happened and I regret it every single second of every day. Please, Robert..."

She makes her way back to you; tries to hug you, to embrace you with her very being. It's everything you asked for moments ago. You got everything you wanted. Yet, upon hearing her say those words herself, she makes you sick. When you look at her, you don't see your beautiful wife, but a wretched creature.

"Go away," you simply say.

"Robert, please..." Your wife can't believe it.
> You say "GO AWAY!"
And so you are alone once again. You regretted your outburst the moment you had it, but somehow it made you feel better. It's a hard thing, love. Once you give it a finger, it'll take your whole arm. You start to regret letting it enter your life in the first place. You don't even think you know what to do anymore. It feels like you're losing your mind.

As you absentmindedly pluck and crush the grass around you, you try to find the reason behind the last developments. Somehow you let your guard down. You grew complacent and you learned nothing from it afterward. You relied on her to make you feel alive in this world. Every day and every night you sank deeper into that dark pit. Every moment you threaded further into that alluring lie, until one day you failed to see the light of the sun above you.

You feel lost now. You had depended on that part of your life. Now you are truly alone. You are left in that pit without the illusion that made it all worth it. You feel trapped, betrayed and abandoned, with nowhere to go. It scares you.

"Milord? Is everything alright?" a guard enters your world.

"Yes," you lie.

"Lady Isabella sent me," the guard continues. "She wants you to know that you'll always find her in your heart."

"What do you mean? Where is she!"

"She told me that she doesn't want you to follow her." His face is so disgustfully unexpressive.

"Damn you! Tell me where she went!" you force yourself up to his ugly mug.

"She didn't want..." You grab the guard by his shoulders. Your anger reaches its boiling point. "Very well, she has left for the capital. I'm told she was sorry, Milord."

The news forces you to fall back to the ground. You thought you freed yourself from her influence. Yet, at the final stretch, she made you hers once again.
> You no, that road only leads you to your doom.
Your heart, your gut screams at you to leave immediately. It would feel right. Yet something resists this first instinct. Following your heart has led you to only pain. You'll have to do better. You'll have to be better.

You let loose of the poor guard's shoulders.

"Thank you. Please ready my horse."

"Milord, you want to follow Lady Isabella?"

"I have followed her blindly for long enough. No, it's time for me to go back to the woods. I need to face my demons."

"Should I get the healmaster?" His concern makes you chuckle.

"Have him look for me if I'm not back at nightfall."

"At once, Milord."

By the time you manage to walk yourself to the stables, everything is ready.  Your horse is ready, eyes eager and hooves trampling. It's almost as if he wants this to end as much as you do, as if he wants the real you back. You sigh. It's just a horse.

You find yourself riding the same roads as before. The familiar turns pass you by in one green haze. There's so much to think about, so much to reflect. The one thing that's certain is Garreth. He's as a rock standing between the breaking of the furious waves. He'll help you find the light once again.

 
> Back at the familiar cabin.
The cabin is identical to your memory, unmarred by time and struggle. It emits a peaceful sense of languidity. It's exactly what you need. A bastion of safety standing amidst the untamed woods.

Garreth is nowhere to be seen. The bastion is yours. You find yourself doing the familiarly mindless and repetitive chores. You clean the fireplace, reorder the timbers and sweep the floor. It helps you loosen your muscles and relax.

"Robert." The sudden voice startles you. "I did not expect you here so soon."

"The time was thick with events." Garreth always brought out the archaic ways in everyone he met.

"Can you walk?"

"Better than ever," you boast. This place fills you with youthful vigor. You'll be reminded of your mortality soon enough.

"Come then, follow me." Garreth starts to walk, slowly to let you catch up. He pointedly ignores your limp.

"I've come for advice," you start the conversation.

"Advice and passed time is all that's left of me." 

"I don't know what to do. It's again about my wife, Isabella. We had a fight, I couldn't handle my forgiveness. Her actions were too vile, too recent. I pushed her away when she was just opening up."

"You pushed her away when she was at her most vulnerable?" Garreth managed to utter those words with nothing but compassion.

"Yes, I am sorry."

"Don't be sorry. You did what you did. You chose yourself above putting yourself down. While that first act was despicable, it came from solid reasons and will lead you into healthier straits."

"I feel so wrong, Garreth."

"Sometimes feelings point you to the wrong thing. They nag you on when it's time to move past. Other times feelings help you discover your deepest needs. At that moment you told her off, you wanted to do it, didn't you?"

You don't know the answer. Everything is mushed together in a raging storm indecipherable to your mind. Still, what Garreth says sounds vaguely true.

"I did," you reply hesitantly.

"Then stop worrying about the past and start thinking about the future. You still love her, that much is for everyone to see. But do you find your love worth the struggle of regaining your trust, regaining your relationship?" His eyes light up in enquiry.
> You say "Of course I do,"
Garreth's eyes show a hint of guilty disappointment. Yet he remains there for you. He'll always stand by your side.

"Go on then. Follow your heart. But remember, boy. Do so tempered with wisdom. Don't let yourself get lost again." There's a hint of finality behind those words. It was as if he was concluding a chapter in his life. Could it be?

"Thank you, Garreth. Thank you for everything."

"Yes, yes. Go now and continue on your own. I fear I'll have to move out soon." The greatest and only support who helped you through your worst times now moves on. You want to feel abandoned. Yet you feel his end will allow you a new beginning. You have to move on and become better. It's only you now, only you against the world.

You both say your stoical goodbyes. There is nothing to do about it. Both of you want to leave the other with the best impression. Pride demands nothing less.

So you move out of the woods, his parting gifts a newfound sense of determination. You feel as if he's still there. He left his image to guide you further. And further is the only route left.

You leave your barony to embark on a solitary journey. The long road to Isabella leaves you exhausted. Days spent on the saddle grind through your will, strain your wounds. Yet the truth keeps you going. She is your love. She is waiting for you.
> You she is there.
You see her as you arrive. She's there, standing on a balcony and gracing the heavens with her presence. She was indeed waiting. Nothing brings you more joy. You make haste to join her.

You stable your horse as fast as you can. There is nothing stopping you from reaching her. You are ready. Let all bygones be bygones. Hope and passionate love fills your heart.

"Where do you think you're going?" the nagging voice of your rotten liege disturbs your trajectory.

"I've come to reclaim what I've lost." There is a fiery hint of challenge you never imagined you'd have. It shocks both of you.

"She fled here to be saved from you." The tone was much weaker than the words.

"Don't do this," you demand. "Let us save our marriage."

Several guards join the heated exchange. The numeric superiority makes him feel safe and spurs him on.

"Leave or be arrested." You can't let him stop you. With a quick movement, you ready your sword. You'll fight the whole castle if you have to, or die knowing you gave your life for her.

"Listen-"

"Robert..." There she is, every bit as divine as you had imagined. Your stance falters as your eyes meet. They look in pain, overflowing with boundless sorrow. Still, she came...

"Don't do this Isabella!" the duke tries to interrupt your magical moment. You don't let him and abandon your sword as you move to embrace her. There is so much said in your stare, more in your grip.

"I love you, Isa, always have. There is so much I wish I hadn't done. I was a fool, a damned fool for letting you go," you say. "Let me start by saying I forgive you; and beg of you to do the same."

There, she returns your embrace. Her delicate hands wrap themselves around your neck. "I've always felt a connection, a thread of faith between us. Even at the worst moments, I felt disgusted by myself more than anything you'd done." Her tone is one of wistful happiness. "I am sorry for everything I did. I am sorry for everything I didn't do. I love you too, Robert."

You wish you could spend your whole life like this. 
> You say "No."
"I can't let you do this. Isabella, remember everything he did. He pushed you away. He was disgusted by you. I love you for who you truly are. Don't throw this away." How did you ever look up to this man. He grew more pathetic with every word he uttered. Yet he still had you surrounded with his guards.

"Let us go, Milord. Forget this day happened. Forget all of it. We can start again. We can go and never meet each other again. Just let us go."

"Shut up! I am speaking to her." It seemed your words didn't have any effect. You look for another escape route, hardly listening to his further grovels. "... so don't choose him. Why go for a halfwitted and impoverished baron, when I am here for you?"

That frog had regressed into throwing half-baked insults to lower his competition. One glance at your wife shows she's equally unimpressed.

"You fooled me, told great tales and spun golden threads over my eyes. You actually had me fooled, blinded me to the truth behind it all. Hiding beneath all of that," she says disgusted while gesturing to him. "Is this. I'd gladly chose a halfwitted and impoverished baron over someone as deceitful and pathetic as you. At the very least he had the balls to be true to himself."

As much as you'd like to continue to enjoy seeing your wife stand up to him like that, her spirit did little to defuse your precarious situation.

"Maybe it isn't smart to insult our captor," you mutter under our breath. She pointedly ignores any sarcasm.

"Trust me," she replies.
> You say "I do."
"Then. Be. Silent," she continues. All you do in reply is gulp down your words. She now possessed a fire that you're afraid to be burnt by.

"So as I said. You have a choice. Either you continue in your wallowing and end up arresting us under false pretenses, or you be a better man and set us free. You can't order faith around, Leo. Choosing to go against her will only expose your hideous insecurities to the whole world."

You carefully look at your liege. At first, he seems merely indignant. Then his face turns a shade of red out of anger only unleashed by painful humiliation. You love her.

"How dare you, woman! How dare you speak to me like this in public? I should have you hanged for treason!"

"Do it," she replies coldly without hesitation. "Do it and show your true self to the world."

At her statement, the guards close their ranks around you. Spears and swords stand ready at a word's notice. The only thing between you both and certain death lies a furious duke.

He opens his mouth, as if to give the order, only to close it again. He seems as torn as you were weeks ago. He had everything he desired moments ago, only for it to be pulled apart by the woman at the center of it. You know how he feels, almost sympathize with him, yet find no mercy on the one who was so involved in your downfall.

Sensing his moment of indecision Isabella pulls you away. Slowly you step backward as if walking away from a threatened cow. After a few steps, you see your victory. The man had broken his posture, hanged his head in defeat. Tears formed beneath his bloodshot eyes.

You turn around to face your love. "Let's go."

You quickly run for the horse, ride as fast as you can into safety. You'd be safe at home. Your barony has defied any invaders for centuries. On the way back, you both keep a sacred silence. There is simply too much to be said to simply put in words.

You feel good.

You're finally together.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I can't let you do this. Isabella, remember everything he did. He pushed you away. He was disgusted by you. I love you for who you truly are. Don't throw this away." How did you ever look up to this man. He grew more pathetic with every word he uttered. Yet he still had you surrounded with his guards.

"Let us go, Milord. Forget this day happened. Forget all of it. We can start again. We can go and never meet each other again. Just let us go."

"Shut up! I am speaking to her." It seemed your words didn't have any effect. You look for another escape route, hardly listening to his further grovels. "... so don't choose him. Why go for a halfwitted and impoverished baron, when I am here for you?"

That frog had regressed into throwing half-baked insults to lower his competition. One glance at your wife shows she's equally unimpressed.

"You fooled me, told great tales and spun golden threads over my eyes. You actually had me fooled, blinded me to the truth behind it all. Hiding beneath all of that," she says disgusted while gesturing to him. "Is this. I'd gladly chose a halfwitted and impoverished baron over someone as deceitful and pathetic as you. At the very least he had the balls to be true to himself."

As much as you'd like to continue to enjoy seeing your wife stand up to him like that, her spirit did little to defuse your precarious situation.

"Maybe it isn't smart to insult our captor," you mutter under our breath. She pointedly ignores any sarcasm.

"Trust me," she replies.
> You say "Let me handle him."
"Then you better make it work," she replies.

"I apologize for my wife," you try diplomatically. "We are both attracted to her like moths to a flame. She burns brightly, undiscerning of what is being consumed in the process. We both got burnt, as is in her nature to do so. But you must know true love when you see it. Only pure faith brought us together, and only faith can bring us apart. Please see reason, look past your own pain."

Your liege showed plenty of his pain. His face was strained in impossible contractions. His eyes were as minute holes in the ice, imperfectly masking an ocean of fermented hate.

"Yes, that bitch got us both. But I'm not like you in any way. I gave her an option, and I won't be the one who came crawling back."

"Don't do this, Milord. Show you're the better man."

"Don't do this, don't do that," he scoffs. "All of you are the same. Guards! I want them both gone."

Fuck, bad news. You lost your sword and can barely stand. Still, desperate want mixed with hope gives you the strength of thousands. You draw a dagger, slice through arteries, through soft flesh and strained tendons. You fight against a horde of enmity. You fight for your Isa.

It's hopeless. The guards are enraged, show no mercy. You can only look as she is pulled away, as defenseless and as desperate as you are. You try to reach her, force yourself through the mass. It's no use. With every step, you receive another cut, another bash. You lose consciousness.

The last thing on your mind is your beautiful Isabella.

When she needed you the most, you failed her completely.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The cabin is identical to your memory, unmarred by time and struggle. It emits a peaceful sense of languidity. It's exactly what you need. A bastion of safety standing amidst the untamed woods.

Garreth is nowhere to be seen. The bastion is yours. You find yourself doing the familiarly mindless and repetitive chores. You clean the fireplace, reorder the timbers and sweep the floor. It helps you loosen your muscles and relax.

"Robert." The sudden voice startles you. "I did not expect you here so soon."

"The time was thick with events." Garreth always brought out the archaic ways in everyone he met.

"Can you walk?"

"Better than ever," you boast. This place fills you with youthful vigor. You'll be reminded of your mortality soon enough.

"Come then, follow me." Garreth starts to walk, slowly to let you catch up. He pointedly ignores your limp.

"I've come for advice," you start the conversation.

"Advice and passed time is all that's left of me." 

"I don't know what to do. It's again about my wife, Isabella. We had a fight, I couldn't handle my forgiveness. Her actions were too vile, too recent. I pushed her away when she was just opening up."

"You pushed her away when she was at her most vulnerable?" Garreth managed to utter those words with nothing but compassion.

"Yes, I am sorry."

"Don't be sorry. You did what you did. You chose yourself above putting yourself down. While that first act was despicable, it came from solid reasons and will lead you into healthier straits."

"I feel so wrong, Garreth."

"Sometimes feelings point you to the wrong thing. They nag you on when it's time to move past. Other times feelings help you discover your deepest needs. At that moment you told her off, you wanted to do it, didn't you?"

You don't know the answer. Everything is mushed together in a raging storm indecipherable to your mind. Still, what Garreth says sounds vaguely true.

"I did," you reply hesitantly.

"Then stop worrying about the past and start thinking about the future. You still love her, that much is for everyone to see. But do you find your love worth the struggle of regaining your trust, regaining your relationship?" His eyes light up in enquiry.
> You want to respond, yet your silence says everything.
"It's alright, Robert," Garreths soothes you, embraces you in warm safety. "It's alright."

"I feel like I just gave up. I feel like I've failed."

"You didn't, my boy. You chose for yourself. You chose for your sanity." The embrace tightens with every word. Every moment you feel more and more as if you're drowning.

"She was my everything," you roar into the void. "I lived for her. She was my love and my guide."

"Yet your guide abandoned you. You're lost, boy. Let me guide you back to safety."

You don't know what to think anymore. You don't know who you are, what you want to be. Among the trees you almost recognize yourself. Only one of many, broken and battered by the storm. Could you regrow? Could you let him take you to the top one more time?

You had to.

"You're right," you say softly as you let yourself fall to the ground. The journey left you exhausted. "Let me rest for a while. I need it."

Garreth takes a seat beside you. "You know boy, there is so much of myself I see in you. You made the same choices I had made. You went through something no one should. You deserve better, something I never had."

"Hmm..." A noncommital grunt escapes you as you let yourself fall to the ground entirely. The familiar crunch, the soft pressure of a thick layer of leaves, it all takes you back to that hunt.

That hunt was something you needed. Those beasts helped you in some way. They pushed and pulled until you had no choice left but to go forward. They forced you to start something that now gives you the rest you need.

As you close your eyes, you see that beast standing over you. You see yourself reflected back on those putrid teeth. They showed you the decay beneath your life. A glass house built on nothing but strained hope. It showed you the harsh reality that shattered the dream in a thousand little pieces.

You're better now. You have to be.
> You so you stay behind, leaving Isabella as she'd left you.
You rebuilt your life. The winter came. As the lands turned white and the winds cold, you refound your purpose in life. Love was something that you were tired of, a fleeting passion. Garreth showed you a better way. You worked for your people, lent your heart to every one of them.

Sometimes you see your old mentor look at you, eyes split by an internal struggle. It was a struggle you knew all too well, for he is making the same mistakes you made. You're both so alike, yet in such a different period of life. You're not ready.

The days fly you by. Every one filled to the brim with work and fulfillment. You see your work reflected back to you. Every hard day you put down makes your land just a little bit richer, your people slightly more prosperous. It's only a tiny amount, yet is enough.

Soon the duke calls for you again. Your work impressed him. He wants you as an advisor, this time an official one. You see it as the empty road of vain, it would lead you back to your old self. It would make the fruit of your struggles undone. You humbly decline.

The years pass by faster than you know. You're loved by all. It distracts you from your memories, happy and sad. After Isabella, no one captured your heart quite the same again. Many tried, eventually you tried as well. All failed. Maybe your broken heart was the reason for not succeeding in having an heir, maybe you were broken all along. It doesn't matter now. Your barony became your child. 

Everyone you once looked up to, grew old and infirm. Your knights changed faces, guards got replaced faster than you noticed. The world moves faster than you could keep up. One day, Garreth left his cabin, never to be seen again. The news saddened you deeply, yet you knew it was his time.

It'll be your time soon.

Eventually new reached your ears that Isa passed away. She became the duke's wife. Her death left behind a saddened man and multiple lost children. Her last wish was to see you once again.

She had felt it all too.
> The burial.
So you ride down the roads you vowed to never travel again. You can feel it in your bones; they will be the last roads you'll ever travel. As you ride through your lands, you say your goodbyes. It'll be the last time you see each other.

It rains. Your carriage is being doused by your child's tears. There is nothing left to be said. It's time to move on. You feel old, too old. The only things that you bring with you is tired experience, filled to the brim with many sorrowful mistakes. The world moved on.

You go through the woods, the same ancient woods you've known your entire life. You feel as if it notices you, an ancient consciousness looking down one so young. You feel a connection. You know how it feels.

The capital has drastically changed. The old walls you remembered have been expanded, rebuilt and expanded again. The city feels different, alive with frantic vitality. It hardly notices you, an old man depleted of energy. You move through it as fast as you can.

Eventually, you arrive at the keep. Guards don't recognize you, forcing you to procure letters of admittance. Time has moved past you leaving you in obscurity. The keep itself had hardly changed. You make your way through the familiar halls of your past.

There she lies. Time had changed her. Yet she held onto her essence. Your Isa was still so beautiful. She lies peacefully, only marred with a hint of sadness. She had felt it too. You lose yourself to her memories.

"Sir?" a young voice disturbs your last goodbyes. She looks so much like your Isa. It's her eyes. She has the same eyes.

"Is everything all right, sir?" she continues. She is so young, still uncertain of her adulthood.

"I am alright, dear. Thank you very much. What's your name?"

"It's Robin, Sir," a learned curtsy precedes her next question. It's laced in youthful naivety. "Are you Sir Robert?" What a beautiful name.

You turn away from your Isa. This is her legacy. "It is. I knew your mother once, we were very close."

Her eyes became bright with excitement. She seemingly forgot her sadness to listen in enraptured attention. She was desperate to believe her mother alive one more time.

"It all started on a long journey..."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>And so you are alone once again. You regretted your outburst the moment you had it, but somehow it made you feel better. It's a hard thing, love. Once you give it a finger, it'll take your whole arm. You start to regret letting it enter your life in the first place. You don't even think you know what to do anymore. It feels like you're losing your mind.

As you absentmindedly pluck and crush the grass around you, you try to find the reason behind the last developments. Somehow you let your guard down. You grew complacent and you learned nothing from it afterward. You relied on her to make you feel alive in this world. Every day and every night you sank deeper into that dark pit. Every moment you threaded further into that alluring lie, until one day you failed to see the light of the sun above you.

You feel lost now. You had depended on that part of your life. Now you are truly alone. You are left in that pit without the illusion that made it all worth it. You feel trapped, betrayed and abandoned, with nowhere to go. It scares you.

"Milord? Is everything alright?" a guard enters your world.

"Yes," you lie.

"Lady Isabella sent me," the guard continues. "She wants you to know that you'll always find her in your heart."

"What do you mean? Where is she!"

"She told me that she doesn't want you to follow her." His face is so disgustfully unexpressive.

"Damn you! Tell me where she went!" you force yourself up to his ugly mug.

"She didn't want..." You grab the guard by his shoulders. Your anger reaches its boiling point. "Very well, she has left for the capital. I'm told she was sorry, Milord."

The news forces you to fall back to the ground. You thought you freed yourself from her influence. Yet, at the final stretch, she made you hers once again.
> You don't care; you have to follow her.
You order the guard to bring you your horse once again. You refuse to hear any common sense; you force the incoming healmaster back out of your sight. There is no time for protests. This has to be done.

So you give chase. You once again force your trusted horse into a gallop, traversing the familiar road in the opposite direction, with an opposing goal. Known overgrown roads fly you by. Your body and mind both protest this course of action. You have to do it.

A day passes on the road. Still, there is no sign of Isabella. She had a bigger head start than you thought. You don't mind. You have to finish the journey.

You leave the woods, the tall walls of the capital visible in the distance. You're almost there. Locals recognize you, shouting aghast. You ignore them. You have to reach Isabella. There is no time for distractions.

You enter the city, body on the verge of failing. You force yourself to the castle. The guards reluctantly let you in. You're almost there.

You make your way to the private rooms. Isabella cries against the shoulder of your liege. They are together once again. Something in you breaks. You have to finish it.

A dagger enters his flesh. Shouting rings your ears. She bumps into you and you're forced lash out. Every emotion, every moment of hurt is put in your punches. It's done.

You can't believe it. You're sorry. You didn't want to do it. It just happened. You're so sorry.

Guards enter the room behind you. Before they can do anything you use the dagger one final time.

You're together at last.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The pair of you move together. You try not to lean on her too much. As much you want to pretend everything is normal, that the looks she gives you are of pure love, you can't. The chitchat, the touches, everything feels fake. In some ways it is. However, the public is not aware of these subtle underlying tones. Wherever you two walk, you leave lighthearted chuckles and optimistic smiles behind.

Moving through the corridors you reach a small and secluded spot near the courtyard. It's been a favorite spot of yours, a little oasis of peace within the chaos of everyday life. Isabella helps you sit down. You feel the grass between your fingers. It helps remind you of simpler times.

"I am sorry Isabella," you sigh. "That hunt was madness."

"It's okay. You survived and hopefully learned a lesson out of it." She pokes you a little too hard at the end.

"That hurt!" you fake with indignation. "Still, you had to suddenly leave behind everything you'd built up." 

"I didn't have to leave, Robert. I did it out of my own volition. You could've just as easily recovered without me, no?"

"Besides," she adds playfully. "I felt out of place at the capital anyways."

You close your eyes. It's extraordinarily warm weather for fall. The sun shines brightly and warms your cheeks. This was like a dream. The love of your life lies next to you. Still, something bothers you. As beautiful as this dream could be, it's not real. She cheated on you. She betrayed you and now pretends nothing has happened. You simply don't know what parts are true and what parts are lies. Every word could be a lie; some words are definitely lies. Does she still love you? Not knowing where you stand pains you greatly.
> You let the matter lay.
No, you don't want this pretty little lie end. You want to relax, and pretend nothing happened, that everything is back as it once was. You let yourself fall further back into the grass.

"Robert?"

"Yes, sweetheart?"

"Why did you go on that hunt anyways? You are usually so careful with such things." She had to bring it up.

"The plan changed last minute. We had planned for hunting boars."

She remained quiet. Somehow you sense her wanting to hear more.

"Garreth thought it would clear my mind." Please accept it as it is; please stop prying.

"I'll need to have a talk with him. For someone so old he still behaves like a teenager sometimes." What a hypocrite. No, don't think that. Ignore what happened.

"He meant well. I survived. In the end, we are both sitting here, right? Nothing has really happened." But it did. So much changed.

"Robert, don't be like that. You had me worried sick. You know that right? I don't know what I would have done if..if.." Her bottled up emotions surface. You feel a sick sense of pride knowing she had been worried. All is not lost. All is not lost.

"Come, sweetie. I survived remember?" you say while embracing her. You feel her eyes wet your shoulder. It feels like time stops in your little oasis. Everything feels so right, even if it's so wrong.

"I'm sorry Robert. I can't." Suddenly Isabella stands up, eyes puffy and red. Before you can react, she runs away.

"Isabella!" you call after her. It's no use. Fuck. What went wrong? Do you even want to go after her?
> Yes. You have to.
You don't want to lose her. You'll have to fight for her. The once sunny alcove feels cold now, hostile even. You push yourself up and with great struggle find your way out. You are determined to face the hurt. The physical pain keeps your mind sharp.

You find your Isabel not far from there. She looks like she broke down as soon as she left.

"Isa..Isa, it's alright," you try to comfort her as best as you can. "Come, let's get you somewhere safe."

"It's not alright," she replies with an unfamiliar vehemence. "And stop doing that!" She slinks down further and away from your touch.

"Stop doing what, Isa? You are not making any sense, please talk to me!" You are getting desperate.

"Please go away. Leave me alone."

"This is not you Isa. When I look at you, I still see that brilliantly innocent girl that I wanted to dedicate my life to. You know, I still see her beautiful hair, her self conscious smile. That beautiful smile that brightens the world and everyone in it." For a moment she stops her shivering and looks up at you. "See, there it is. Please, Isabella, tell me how you feel."

"I feel guilty," her small voice barely enters your ear. "I feel guilty for what I felt, for what I've done." A repressed part of you roars its dissatisfaction. A small part of you hoped it was simply your own imagination, that it wasn't real.

"I am sorry, Robert. I am simply sorry for everything." Defeated, she slumps deeper, hugging herself as tightly as she can.

 
> You stay silent.
You don't know what to say and what to feel. Her admittance of that night pains your greatly, yet you feel the burden of upholding false love ebb away. She is right there in front of you, glorious in all her authenticity. But you find you can't just forgive and forget. The last days had left a scar that would take its time to heal.

"Thank you for telling me," you start to say. It's the only thing you're certain of in this very moment.

"Robert, I don't deserve-"

"Please hear me out, Isa," you interrupt. "I appreciate your honesty. I really do, but I need time to process it all. I can't just forget it all happened, even though that would be the easiest for both of us."

Your Isabella first looks troubled, then her face turns miserable all over.

"I'm sorry. This was a bad idea, I shouldn't have come. I shouldn't have left."

You're about to reassure her, but you find yourself empty. The well of sympathy and love has dried up.

"I can't do this, Isa. It'll be better for us to just drift apart for a while. I need time to think and I feel you do too."

With that said, you stand up to leave.

"Please, Robert."

Her call for help fills your void, yet following it would only lead you into more harm later on. One last lingering touch, one last wanting gaze, and you force yourself to walk away.

You leave soft sobbing behind.
> You and look for peace and quiet.
Walking away makes you feel sick. Only a coward would abandon his wife in times of need. Every step makes your heart sink deeper into the black nothingness. It's something that must be done. You have to stop putting her above you in everything you do.

Walking itself is hard. Not so long ago it was still a miracle to stay alive. As you move through the halls and chambers, people throw you sympathetic looks. News got out far too soon. You wonder how much they exactly know. You've never felt this alone before.

You can't stop. You can't let everything catch up. Walking is the one thing that keeps you going. Your walk fills the hours. Finally, exhaustion forces you to slump in defeat.

"I was wondering when you'd stop." The tone was equally hard and sympathetic.

As you look up, you see Garreth approach from the shadows.

"How long have you been here?"

"A while, I'd guessed you'd stop an hour earlier," his overly wistful voice makes you smile. "See, life isn't all that bad."

"Thank you," you mutter.

"I was always there for you before, why would I stop now?" His tone grows more serious. "There isn't anything wrong with you, kid. You're still the kind soul I know from before. But this... This unrequited love is hard to see. I can't let you make the same mistakes over and over again."

"What do you mean?"

"You love Isabella more than anything in the world. I can see that. She can see that. Everybody can see that-"

"Of course I do, how can you not?" It's your gut speaking. "But I hate her for what she has done."

"She's done what she's done. There is no changing that," Garreth remarks. "Do you know why she did it?"

"If I knew I'd be doing something about it already," you remark with vehemence. The tone is promptly ignored.

"Simply put, you're overbearing. You made her your world when she's too busy living in her own. She regrets her actions. The guilt gnaws at her from the inside. Yet whenever you two meet, she's reminded once again of the reason why she made her past mistakes. You tempt her again and again, son, until one day she gives in to the temptations totally and you've pushed her past any chance of redemption."

Your silence offers Garreth enough of a response.

"I get that you don't want to hear this. They're hard words. The truth is ugly and life is hard. Still, if you're half the man I think you are, you'll be ready for it. You just need time, son, time to think it all through. It will come together. I promise you that."

Garreth leaves you alone once again.
> You leaving you with nothing but time to think it all through.
He was right. Even admitting that fact feels wrong, feels like you're abandoning your life, but Garreth was right. You have to take a step back in order to not be overwhelmed. Maybe it's for the best, maybe you just need to focus on other things.

So the next days you focus solely on your body ignoring any other problem. Injuries need time to heal, but corporeal ones heal faster with effort. With grim determination, you force yourself to move properly again. It gives you solace, a place and period of peace. You have Myre reteach you the once familiar drills. Every set move, every twist and every blow strengthens your mind too.

Eventually, you regain some sort of self. You start to feel hope and desires independent from Isabella. The throne room becomes a familiar place once again. Sometimes you feel a looming presence, just out of reach. A flicker of light that turns dark at a mere glance. Garreth says it's your father, coming back to ground to see his child finally grow to maturity. That's pure drivel of course. It has to be.

All this shows you can live a life independent from your true love. Yet it's still incomplete. The days fill with busywork, all for grander purpose, all for empty duty. It doesn't feel alive like the joy and sorrow you'd experienced. Compared to before, everything is grey, motionless, dead.

The days pass by very slowly. Whereas you've kept yourself busy, there's always a hole, a nagging empty feeling that pervades everything you do. As much as you deny it, as much as you try to better yourself, nothing replaces your true love. You don't get it. It is nothing shy of self-sabotage. Yet it is there; she is there, always at the top of our head.

Until one day you can't resist. You feel the strings pull you towards her once again. You'd rather get burnt by the fire than live out another day in the gloom. 

Then on the way, you spot your old mentor. Why is he always there, uninvited and unwanted?

"What do you want?" you sigh.

"Saving you from your youthful mistake," he replies with sharp intent.

"It's not worth it, Garreth. Save yourself the air and effort. I want to do this." 

"There is another way," he replies, eyes lit with fire. "What you are looking for is connection, a feeling of being wanted. You are not looking for her specifically."

"What are you talking about. Just leave me alone for one moment!"

"You're alone and will forever be when you decide to go with her," Garreth replies without hesitation. "Go with her and you'll continue this desperate cycle of reaching and pushing away. It will be the end of you!" his voice broke at the end.

"I wanted to wait until you came to this conclusion on your own," he continues. "But I see you need me now more than ever. Stop this madness, follow me instead."

He grabs you by the shoulder, his dark eyes boring into yours, imploring you to listen.
> You push him away.
"No."

You push yourself free from his grasp. Leaving the old man defeated on the floor. There was only one you would follow. You would follow her to death if you had to. Any uncertainty and all doubt have been swept away.

There, you can see her. She had made herself home at the balcony. She stared into oblivion, untouched by the cold wind that blew past her. Only her light dress wavered and flapped its wings. She was beautiful.

You moved closer. You feel your love nearing. Your heart roars once again, nestling his beat in your throat. You've never felt so alive as of now. She didn't notice you. You'll surprise her as you always did. You want to touch her. You want her more than anything, feel her enter your life once again.

She feels so cold. You wrap her in your warm embrace, sensing her warm up to you. You don't have to say anything, don't want to say anything. The silence is moving.

Yet you don't feel enough. Your Isa was never so still, never could keep her posture like that. You move around, wanting to catch her eyes, wanting to see her eyes.

No. It can't be. Your world, so happy and full of life, breaks apart in tiny dead broken pieces. She is dead. The love of your life has left your world, never to return. You can't believe it. Your heart has sunk to your stomach as you fall to your knees.

Isa!

No.. 

Please don't do this to me...

Yet she calls...

You jump, falling your way back.

Forever with your Isa.

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>He was right. Even admitting that fact feels wrong, feels like you're abandoning your life, but Garreth was right. You have to take a step back in order to not be overwhelmed. Maybe it's for the best, maybe you just need to focus on other things.

So the next days you focus solely on your body ignoring any other problem. Injuries need time to heal, but corporeal ones heal faster with effort. With grim determination, you force yourself to move properly again. It gives you solace, a place and period of peace. You have Myre reteach you the once familiar drills. Every set move, every twist and every blow strengthens your mind too.

Eventually, you regain some sort of self. You start to feel hope and desires independent from Isabella. The throne room becomes a familiar place once again. Sometimes you feel a looming presence, just out of reach. A flicker of light that turns dark at a mere glance. Garreth says it's your father, coming back to ground to see his child finally grow to maturity. That's pure drivel of course. It has to be.

All this shows you can live a life independent from your true love. Yet it's still incomplete. The days fill with busywork, all for grander purpose, all for empty duty. It doesn't feel alive like the joy and sorrow you'd experienced. Compared to before, everything is grey, motionless, dead.

The days pass by very slowly. Whereas you've kept yourself busy, there's always a hole, a nagging empty feeling that pervades everything you do. As much as you deny it, as much as you try to better yourself, nothing replaces your true love. You don't get it. It is nothing shy of self-sabotage. Yet it is there; she is there, always at the top of our head.

Until one day you can't resist. You feel the strings pull you towards her once again. You'd rather get burnt by the fire than live out another day in the gloom. 

Then on the way, you spot your old mentor. Why is he always there, uninvited and unwanted?

"What do you want?" you sigh.

"Saving you from your youthful mistake," he replies with sharp intent.

"It's not worth it, Garreth. Save yourself the air and effort. I want to do this." 

"There is another way," he replies, eyes lit with fire. "What you are looking for is connection, a feeling of being wanted. You are not looking for her specifically."

"What are you talking about. Just leave me alone for one moment!"

"You're alone and will forever be when you decide to go with her," Garreth replies without hesitation. "Go with her and you'll continue this desperate cycle of reaching and pushing away. It will be the end of you!" his voice broke at the end.

"I wanted to wait until you came to this conclusion on your own," he continues. "But I see you need me now more than ever. Stop this madness, follow me instead."

He grabs you by the shoulder, his dark eyes boring into yours, imploring you to listen.
> You your shoulders sag in relieve.
A heavy sigh escapes you. It does not feel bitter, but rather relieved. As you stare back in those eyes you feel another world opening. You couldn't break your bonds on your own.

"Come, follow me."

And you did, you do with a new hint of eagerness. Garreth leads you to his cabin. The place has remained the same from your childhood. It is as if time stopped. A feeling of security wraps itself around you. It's time to finally be at peace.

"Tell me what you feel," he says softly.

"I feel at ease, the cabin takes me back to my childhood, to our memories of that simple time. I was so young and naive back then. I was so full of energy, capable of facing the world."

"You still are. You still can be." You notice a hint of profound hope within the voice of the old man. 

"I'm not. I went through too much to remain the same."

"The young boy I knew was strong!" There lied hurt beneath those words. "You are capable of so much more!"

"That young boy was beaten by his father, spurned by his love, betrayed by his liege. They took the innocent vigor out of that young boy and made me into what I am now." He is not the only one who'd been hurt.

"Remember who saved you when you were young? Remember the good instead of the bad. Remember me..."

There hid more beneath those words. As self-centered as you were, you didn't notice until it was unmissable.

"What do you want Garreth?"

"I want you to let me in." The man strong enough to face an entire army alone now stood before you as weak as a lamb.
> You see in him something you missed your entire life.
He accepted you for who you truly were. In times of need, he was there. When you were at your weakest, he bore your struggle as if it were his own. He relieved you, helped you, built you.

You take him in your arms. It's an embrace of two tired men looking towards each other for comfort.

"Thank you, for everything."

Yet nothing needed to be said. You both wished each other nothing but the very best. In that cabin, you found your happiness back again, unmarred by past darkness. It was a beacon of light, holding the fire protected and treasured.

You grew closed together as you moved further away from your past wife. Isabella stayed on your mind of course, but she no longer dominated it. After a while, you remembered her for who she was instead of seeing your own imagination idealized. Garreth helped you forgive her and find your own peace in the process.

In the end, the only way to break free of her bonds was to forge new ones.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A heavy sigh escapes you. It does not feel bitter, but rather relieved. As you stare back in those eyes you feel another world opening. You couldn't break your bonds on your own.

"Come, follow me."

And you did, you do with a new hint of eagerness. Garreth leads you to his cabin. The place has remained the same from your childhood. It is as if time stopped. A feeling of security wraps itself around you. It's time to finally be at peace.

"Tell me what you feel," he says softly.

"I feel at ease, the cabin takes me back to my childhood, to our memories of that simple time. I was so young and naive back then. I was so full of energy, capable of facing the world."

"You still are. You still can be." You notice a hint of profound hope within the voice of the old man. 

"I'm not. I went through too much to remain the same."

"The young boy I knew was strong!" There lied hurt beneath those words. "You are capable of so much more!"

"That young boy was beaten by his father, spurned by his love, betrayed by his liege. They took the innocent vigor out of that young boy and made me into what I am now." He is not the only one who'd been hurt.

"Remember who saved you when you were young? Remember the good instead of the bad. Remember me..."

There hid more beneath those words. As self-centered as you were, you didn't notice until it was unmissable.

"What do you want Garreth?"

"I want you to let me in." The man strong enough to face an entire army alone now stood before you as weak as a lamb.
> You simply can't.
You simply can't. Not only is he an old friend, you simply can't handle another in your heart. You just want to be left alone.

So you excuse yourself and move past him. You can't even look at his reaction. You can't be pulled into it. You make your way through the halls and to the courtyard to the open world.

The quiet night speaks to you. It's there, calm and soothing where people only cause commotion. The very land speaks to you. You feel their ancient minds lost in reminiscence. You feel eons looking down on you, lifting you up and finally making you part of a bigger picture.

The night is quiet. For the first time, you feel completely at ease. Your breathing turns light as you shed any grievances. It's all inconsequential compared to the glory in front of you.

With a new sense of purpose, you begin a new life.

You've finally removed yourself from the bonds of past love.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No, you don't want this pretty little lie end. You want to relax, and pretend nothing happened, that everything is back as it once was. You let yourself fall further back into the grass.

"Robert?"

"Yes, sweetheart?"

"Why did you go on that hunt anyways? You are usually so careful with such things." She had to bring it up.

"The plan changed last minute. We had planned for hunting boars."

She remained quiet. Somehow you sense her wanting to hear more.

"Garreth thought it would clear my mind." Please accept it as it is; please stop prying.

"I'll need to have a talk with him. For someone so old he still behaves like a teenager sometimes." What a hypocrite. No, don't think that. Ignore what happened.

"He meant well. I survived. In the end, we are both sitting here, right? Nothing has really happened." But it did. So much changed.

"Robert, don't be like that. You had me worried sick. You know that right? I don't know what I would have done if..if.." Her bottled up emotions surface. You feel a sick sense of pride knowing she had been worried. All is not lost. All is not lost.

"Come, sweetie. I survived remember?" you say while embracing her. You feel her eyes wet your shoulder. It feels like time stops in your little oasis. Everything feels so right, even if it's so wrong.

"I'm sorry Robert. I can't." Suddenly Isabella stands up, eyes puffy and red. Before you can react, she runs away.

"Isabella!" you call after her. It's no use. Fuck. What went wrong? Do you even want to go after her?
> You stay
Running after her would only make matters worse. You're afraid of what would happen, should you lose your one chance of redemption. Besides, you can hardly walk. Running after her would only disturb your humors more than you have done thus far.

So you remain behind in this little alcove. It's not a place you enjoy anymore. The once peaceful seclusion only exacerbates the loneliness you feel at his moment. It simply did not make any sense. Her behavior changed so drastically that you don't even know if she's still the person you previously loved anymore. You're desperate to find her love once again, yet you know the barriers had risen too high. Nothing remained the same. You were eager to earn the love from an idealization, an image conjured from your mind of something that had long since past. Still, what would then make your life worthwhile if not that?

Hours pass in fruitless contemplation when a guard disturbs you.

"Milord? Is everything all right?"

"Hmm?" You are too deep down in your private world to notice much.

"Milord?" He nods you further. You don't deem his panic worthy of a response. "Don't go anywhere, Milord. I'll call the healmaster. I'll be right back."

Meanwhile, you ponder the more important question of your calling in life. You once thought you knew the answer, yet it proved to be fake. Your Isabella was a scam. Why would you live for that?

The healmaster ordered you brought back to your room to recuperate. You're half aware of the passing of time and place, stuck solving an impossible equation. Everything that once mattered does so no longer.

He forces your body in several uncomfortable positions. You don't resist. What would be the point that?

Days pass and you don't move an inch.

You simply stop.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Isabella...

You first met her during a long voyage. Both of you were so young and full of life. You fell in love with her laugh, with the twinkle in her smile, with the simple dress she wore. You remember how you immediately excused yourself from your father's entourage and ran up to her. You had no words ready, your eagerness only expressed with an awkward smile.

She smiled back then. She smiled back at you! At that moment you did not care about the words of your father. You held no love anymore for the betrothed you were supposed to visit. You laughed together, you shed tears together and you loved each other. You spurned your father and brought her back with you.

She smiled less. Your Isa felt unwanted, hated even, for winning your heart. Whenever the chance arose you slipped into the woods. The escapades back then were glorious, full of adventure and passion. You commiserated together in your hate for your father. Memories of wild schemes and impossible plots come back to you.

She smiled. Your father fell ill. The baron was dead, long live the baron. You could finally marry your Isa. Ah, your marriage ceremony was worthy of an emperor. Your Isa became your wife. Whenever rulership threatened to overtake you, she brought you back. She practically made you into the man you are now. You could share everything with her, wild ambitions and impossible choices. She helped you stay on top.

She... She became more distant over the years. Unreturned smiles, frigid kisses, and cold talks became a common occurrence. Whatever you tried, you could not manage to get an heir. You did not care, blinded by love, but your Isa did. She withdrew herself, her once warm heart became hard and emotionless. You feared for her, did you do the right thing in taking her to your lands?

Then, suddenly, she bounced back up. Her beautiful voice could once again be heard in your keep. Her eyes twinkled once again. You couldn't believe it. The love of your life was back.

You spent those days working as an advisor for your duke. The work was hard. The duke didn't listen often. However, the pay was good, and the connections even better. Together with your Isa, you managed to broker vital trade deals. You worked with and earned the respect of other barons. Together with your Isa, you were unstoppable.

 
> You have to stop. You don't want to remember.
You claw yourself back into reality, only to be met with a terrifying beast. Luckily it is distracted, apparently preferring struggling prey. The beast stands on top of you, guarding your perceived corpse against an onslaught of distraught knights. Your body hurts from the first attack, but you were spared any further trauma afterwards.

Your recovery has been noticed. The knights let out cheering battlecry and redouble their efforts to drive off your captor. As one they push their pikes forwards. The bear tries to defend itself, leaving you open for a move. As the bear moves his weight to its rear legs you make your way to your discarded spear, it had been left broken in half.

There! The bear is completely oblivious to your machinations. It tries to intimidate and overwhelm your men. As it stands on just two legs you take your chance and jam the tip of the spear into the back of its knee. The roar is overwhelming. The beast loses its balance and falls.

Your men pounce on the opportunity. They skewer and they cut. The few surviving dogs sense its downfall and grind their teeth into the bear's joints. You did it. It was you that made the blow that finished the beast. The threat is gone. A nearby knight hands you his knife. All that's left to do is to end its misery, end the hunt.

As you come down from your high, you take notice of your losses. You had started this hunt with sixteen men. Now only twelve are able to walk. The rest are being tended by the others as well as possible. They will probably survive. The hunting dogs, though expendable, were especially hard hit. Half of them are left either laying whimpering, or dead.

"Well done," Garreth approaches you. This hunt hadn't been good to him, every move makes his facial muscles harden in agony.

"Pure luck," you reply, though you can't help to smile.

"Sir Robert Beastslayer, you were extraordinarily brave today. And above all, you tempered your madness with a strong instinct for survival. Own it."

Your epithet had come into the world, and you know nothing would stop it.

"We need to tend to the wounded. Send Sir Erick to the horses and have him get help. With any luck, we'll all survive this day."

Sometime later you both tend the dogs. They are a vicious breed, lightning-quick and wrathful. Still, they fought well and were loyal. They deserve your help.
> Back at the castle.
At the head of a large and growing caravan, you return to the castle. Thus far you have shrugged off any healmasters demanding to tend to your wounds. Instead, you wanted to make an impression. Behind you, three carts squeak under the weight of your catches. They are escorted by those of the hunt that were relatively unharmed. These carts are followed by the wounded. Though obviously in pain, their faces beam in pride. 

For half the village has left their tasks to follow the procession. Everywhere you go, you are cheered. The size of the beasts scares the children and intimidates the men. This will be an event to be remembered for years to come. Your epithet had left the forest and follows you. The crowd whispers of the beastslayer in awe amongst themselves.

You can't help but smile yourself. You raise your broken spear and a wall of sound erupts. Your life is good.

The servants in the castle are already preparing a magnificent feast in your honor. As you approach your ancestral home you could almost forget the wear and tear. New flags are proudly displaying their bright colors at the top of the gates. Abandoned torches are relit and the staff had themselves refitted into new clothes, dutifully presenting themselves at the side of the road. You lead your procession through the gate and into the outer court.

You need to capitalize on this opportunity. Just a day ago was the lowest point of your life, you need to ride this wave of glory to the top. You direct your horse to the stairs, inviting your knights to follow you. Once at the top you start your speech.

"Approach and look onto those foul beasts! Long have they terrorized the neighboring baronies, long have they waited for an opening to do the same to us. But today we fought! Today we showed them, and the world that we are not to be intimidated! Today we have shown the world what it means to be one of us!"

The reply is deafening, the crowd is ecstatic. But you need to say more.

"The beasts were cunning. They were fast. They were dangerous. But guess what! So are we! We fought back, we were faster. We are even more dangerous! This is what happens to our enemies, to any that dares to defy us!

I want to thank the men standing right in front of me. They are true heroes, born from your blood, raised on your land. They acted with a brave heart that could only be found right here. 

I want to thank you. You are what makes us great. You work and toil hard every day to improve the lives of your neighbors. You are the true sons and daughters of Rivellon. You are her heart and her soul. You are her backbone that withstands the world. You are her arms that beat it back. You are her everyday heroes!

And most of all I want to eat! Let's feast until the night ends and then some. For Rivellon! For our future!"

As you make your way down from your horse you secretly wink at your knights. The story you told would be magnified many times until it reaches epic proportions.

You hope the feast would do the same.
> The feast is glorious.
That night you lose yourself in the decadent celebration. Everyone wants to be there with you. Everyone wants to attract your attention. You feast. You drink. You are the true heroes of the occasion and you act the part. The drinks really impact your judgment. As the night progresses, you become louder and more unrefined. You balance on your chair at the head of the hall. Seated closest to you are the men that saved your life. You all erupt in a unified chorus. That's when you black out.

The following morning you wake up in unknown surroundings. The one thing you do know is that your body is not enjoying the abuse you put it through. A groan escapes your lips, causing movement around you.

Great, a full bed.

You roll over and try to stand up. You push down your guilt together with your nausea. You didn't do it. You don't even remember doing it, however good it may have felt. You have to get out of there. Your flight leaves more moans behind. You try to forget the walk of shame that follows.

"Milord?" a guard approaches you. "Milord!"

"Yes, yes. It's me all right. What is it?" The headache leaves you little patience.

"We have received word from the capital. The duke will soon visit, taking Lady Isabella with him." The news sobers you up instantly.

"How soon?"

"Milord?" the guard replies with a sheepish face.

"How soon will they arrive?" you ask again.

"Four days, Milord."

"Very well. I need you to send word to everyone important." Upon consideration, you force yourself to specify it further. "Meaning the steward, castellan, the village elder and my knights. We'll have a meeting at noon." You almost walk away when you remember your mentor. "Oh, try to bring Garreth too."


 
> The meeting.
You choose a secluded room to host the meeting. It's large, suited with a large round table. Hopefully, it'll be large enough to make everyone understand the scope of the future.  As you take place opposite of the doors, the first participants tickle in. Your men at arms arrive first as you had expected.

"Welcome. Sorry to disturb your moment in the spotlight," you say with a smile.

"What's the matter, Milord?" a knight responds. It's sir Erick, always the fastest one.

"The duke decided to come visit." You notice one particular knight missing. "Did sir Myre survive his celebration?"

"The old man probably had a heart attack being the center of attention for once," Erick jokes. "Last I've seen him he was profusely apologizing to his wife."

"You know what they say.." you joke back.

"Talking about fun, you got plenty too, Milord."

You want to respond when your steward enters the room. She takes a moment to gather her senses.

"My Lord, you called for me?"

"Yes I did, Elaria. Please have a seat. When everyone arrives we'll have to plan our ducal reception." Her eyes light up at the last two words, her attention clearly intrigued. She's still new in your castle and vicious rumors surround her. You'll have to tread carefully with her.

"When will he arrive, My Lord?" She's all business as usual.

"We currently think we'll have four days," you reply back. However, you don't want to start the discussion early. "Did you enjoy the feast?"

"I'm afraid I had to leave early. I do not mix well with ale and rowdy feasts."

"I'm guessing you keep yourself busy mixing other things." another knight, Sir Rudolph, vehemently answers. Her rise to steward was made possible due to an untimely death. To this day many distrust her as an outsider.

"Now, now." you quickly interject. "Remember, we are all rooting for the same cause here."

Any further discussion is broken off with another entrance. Your castellan enters the room, an extraordinary young man for such an important position. His youth makes him quick to overlook. Though you hope he'll balance this table out with his youthful passion and gain valuable experience in the process.

"Milord," he says while deeply bowing. "Excuse my tardiness."

"You luckily aren't the last to arrive." you try to make him at ease. "Please have a seat."

Lastly, Garreth arrived with Myre and the village elder. Together, they look like the grumpy grandfathers of the barony.

"Welcome. Let's start, shall we?" You wait until everyone has taken their seats. "As we all know, our hunt has been the talk of the duchy. Apparently it has even reached the ears of the duke himself. In all his glorious wisdom," you continue with heavy sarcasm. "He decided to personally visit us in four days."

The news sparks a lot of discussion within your group.

"Yes, it's big news. Still, I feel it won't be all sunshine and rainbows. The duke has hidden motives and I want us to be prepared for whatever it is." A character like that wouldn't give up his luxurious home filled with sycophants for just anything.

"Milord?" your castellan speaks up softly.

"Yes, Driòr?" He really needed to work on his assertivity.

"How would you like our reception to be?"

This is a harder question than you first imagined it. With your sudden recent leave from the capital and the subsequent miraculous success, you have gotten momentum on your side. People no longer see you as just an advisor. You are a beastslayer now, and you'll have to decide how to fill in that role.


 
> You say "Grandiose."
"I want to unsettle their expectations and their balance. Throw everything you had planned out of the window. The grand hall, yes the disused one, will set the tone. I want you to expand on it."

"Yes, Milord. Please excuse me. I have a lot to prepare." Good, he was learning.

"Granted, do your best," you say and wait until he had left the room. "This leaves us with the more important task of defending ourselves."

The people in the room, all handpicked for their experience and competency, are silenced. Everyone was struck by the suddenness of events. Eventually, Garreth speaks up.

"What makes you certain we'll be under attack?"

"It's in his nature," you respond. You had expected this question. "The duke takes away his subject's happiness. He can't and won't allow anyone to outshine him. We unwittingly did during our hunt, while it was not what we wanted. Still, it's all the same to him. He'll need to crush us to feel good himself. We can't let that happen."

"We'll hold out on the ale," Myre says pointedly looking at his men. He was the most veteran of your troops. "I leave the politicking and the planning to you, but trust us to guard the castle whenever needed."

"Milord, please think of the people. If you expect war, they'll fight for you. But you mustn't leave them to die outside the walls," the village elder continues. You don't know the old man by name, only by reputation.

"Do not worry. A feast this grand will have everyone attend. I expect Driòr will talk to you soon about provisions, say he'll have to expect a couple hundred more guests." Smiles break out across the room when everyone imagines his face. "The village will not be forgotten."

As you continue talking specifics, you distinctly notice Elaria's silence. She doesn't speak, staying in the background of the discussion and only observing. Her sharp and inquisitive eyes scan across the room, nothing betraying her intentions. as she notices you, she only gives the faintest of smiles.

"My Lord," she says after the conclusion of the meeting. "Have you consider an attack of your own?"

It's a tricky question. Even discussion of this topic was nothing shy of rebellion.

"What makes you ask such things," you whisper back furiously. "Don't you know the walls have ears?"

"Those ears belong to me, my Lord. Speak openly, knowing only we can hear this conversation."

"I did. Nothing is possible without dire consequences to my lands."

"What about poison?" she asks too chipper for the topic.

"Poison is a wom-" you start.

"So you haven't. Good. Allow me then to introduce you to another world." She now brings her hands into her pockets showing three distinctive liquids.

"All of them are odorless, don't you worry about that. They'll all easily end a man's life, so that's also not a concern. No, the question is the duration and the type of death."

You're completely astounded. You'd let a woman in your castle that could end a man's life at a moment's notice and without any guilt.

"So this little fellow over here does his work within minutes. It's like some people with the cursed bees, you know. All the blood simply goes to the skin and they die. No idea why, but it looks bad. If you want the duke dead and make a statement, this is your poison."

What. Is. Happening.

"His little brother is totally different. There is something about this one that I simply can't put my finger on. You take it and you simply forget to breathe. They seem unaware of anything that's around them. Someone's old and you want them gone without too much suspicion? This is your lucky shot. Although I have heard the duke has barely entered his twenties... So maybe forget this exists."

Did she use that one on your old steward? You'll have to find out.

"The third and final option I have so graciously procured at your immediate summon is this bad boy. This is the mean uncle of them all. It'll slowly but surely end a man's life. If you take this he'll eventually shit himself to death a month later. Rest assured, the ingredients come from my home. Use this and nobody will link the death to the feast. I think it's the perfect poison for you on this occasion."

"Elaria?" you finally ask.

"Yes?" she responds entirely too innocent.

"Have you used them before?"

"That is for me to know, and for you to wonder," she says before seeing your expression change. "But yes, I did. Not on anyone here though. See it as a personal hobby of mine."

You let out a deep sigh. It was happening and you'll have to choose. Do you want to go on the attack, using these dishonorable means, or do you want to stay on the defensive, waiting for it all to blow over?
> You use the poison. You can't surrender yourself to faith.
"Do it. Use the third one. I trust you have an antidote for it?"

"Yes I do, my Lord."

"Then pour it in the goblet we'll all be drinking from."

"I understand. Alright." She moves to the exit only to pause for a moment. "And by the way, thank you for trusting me." She leaves you with only your own silence to prepare.

Tomorrow will be the big day. All will depend on it. You mentally imagine yourself standing at the top of the wall, seeing them approach. You see their horses, their weaponry. Out from the distance they come. Like ants, they trek through the fields, no amount of arrows able to stop them. They are scaling up your walls. You simply can't handle the tide. You can't stop them. You can't save your barony.

"Hey! Wake up." Garreth entered your view with a worried expression. "Everything will be all right. I trust you."

"We are so powerless. We can only surrender ourselves to him. If he wants us gone, we are."

"Don't worry about possible failures, you'll only be invoking them."

"I can't help it. The stakes are so high."

"Then worry about the day after. What will you do?"

This is when the poison kicks in, when you'll finally be rescued from your chains to that frog.

"I'll sing and dance and thank the gods we've survived the whole ordeal."
> You he doesn't seem impressed.
You stand on top of the walls. It feels like your entire barony stands side by side with you. There are grim faces, white knuckles and an overall sense of stressful anticipation. You needed to do your ancestors proud. You needed to show everyone you were something special. 

In the distance you see a grand column moving toward you. It is escorted by hundreds of shining armors. It feels like a force prepared for a siege. Your heart thumps in your throat. You want this. You're excited.

There, leading the mass are two solitary riders. One must be your cursed wife, the other the feared duke himself. They're close enough.

You move to the tower, down the staircase, and through the gate. It's been opened. The heavy metal bars will no longer protect you against the trespassers. You will have to suffice.

"Welcome, welcome to our lands my liege," you say bowing respectfully. "It's a great honor for all of us."

"The honor is mine," he smiles back. "For it is not every day my subjects perform such a great act."

"Thank you, Milord. Please follow me." You pointedly ignore your wife as you turn around and lead them into your home.

"As you can see, the castle has undergone heave reconstruction upon hearing of your liege's arrival."

Your duke watches with amazement as impossible colors mix with incomprehensible shapes. You would never be able to do it without heavy inspiration from that old hall. The one hall that had survived for centuries. You copied it's strange designs and enlarged it to show to the world. They are plastered over the walls, drawn on the roads and envelop the houses.

The duke is simply amazed. You can't help but let yourself smirk.
> You say "Wait until you see the real deal."
The old throne room was everything you imagined it to be. Strange and exotic geometric shapes broke the light in a thousand different ways. There was no central seating, the strange walls and art compartmentalized the room is a hundred little secluded tables. Everybody was as equal as it could be. You enjoy it tremendously, mingle with every group. The duke decidedly less so, yet you try just enough to keep him at the very least satisfied.

Eventually, pleasure makes its way for business. When you get the signal from Elaria, you raise your glass.

"Milord, let's have a toast."

"A splendid idea," he replies to your great joy. "Let me lead it."

"Alright, Milord." For once his abrasive nature doesn't faze you. It'll only lead him to his demise. You can't hold a slight chuckle.

Your liege stands up. Only to be ignored by the rest. It's only when his guards shout for silence, that the room actually listens.

"Ahem. As we all know, we've come together today to celebrate. We've come today to show you the honor you have so long yearned."

"Damn right!" some drunk quickly replies. He's escorted out shortly.

"For this courage, this valor and skill is what makes us great. As you've demonstrated there is nothing separating us from the grand days of yore. What you have done is nothing short of what is being written in legends."

There's a catch. He'll implicate himself soon.

"It was I that ordered the hunt. When I saw Robert, I immediately saw his potential. There was a fire behind his eyes. A fire that I so rarely see outside my own mirage. It was that fire that earned him my trust. Let's toast together, all of us, on that fire. May it burn in every one of us!"

You glady sip your wine in reply.
> The seed has been planted.
It takes less than a month for tragic news to reach your court. The duke had died leaving no heirs. The realm was in upheaval. Rivals were at each other's throats. People looked to a strong man for guidance.

Maybe it was because you had that month to prepare. Maybe you were a changed man. Maybe you were simply the one at the right place and the right time. The result was the same. People flocked to your banner. With your trusted council by your side you claimed the higher Lordship for yourself.

It was contested, as you expected. Yet every great man in history became nothing without a struggle. You poisoned the opposition, moved around them, or simply destroyed them in battle. Eventually, your rule was uncontested.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I want to unsettle their expectations and their balance. Throw everything you had planned out of the window. The grand hall, yes the disused one, will set the tone. I want you to expand on it."

"Yes, Milord. Please excuse me. I have a lot to prepare." Good, he was learning.

"Granted, do your best," you say and wait until he had left the room. "This leaves us with the more important task of defending ourselves."

The people in the room, all handpicked for their experience and competency, are silenced. Everyone was struck by the suddenness of events. Eventually, Garreth speaks up.

"What makes you certain we'll be under attack?"

"It's in his nature," you respond. You had expected this question. "The duke takes away his subject's happiness. He can't and won't allow anyone to outshine him. We unwittingly did during our hunt, while it was not what we wanted. Still, it's all the same to him. He'll need to crush us to feel good himself. We can't let that happen."

"We'll hold out on the ale," Myre says pointedly looking at his men. He was the most veteran of your troops. "I leave the politicking and the planning to you, but trust us to guard the castle whenever needed."

"Milord, please think of the people. If you expect war, they'll fight for you. But you mustn't leave them to die outside the walls," the village elder continues. You don't know the old man by name, only by reputation.

"Do not worry. A feast this grand will have everyone attend. I expect Driòr will talk to you soon about provisions, say he'll have to expect a couple hundred more guests." Smiles break out across the room when everyone imagines his face. "The village will not be forgotten."

As you continue talking specifics, you distinctly notice Elaria's silence. She doesn't speak, staying in the background of the discussion and only observing. Her sharp and inquisitive eyes scan across the room, nothing betraying her intentions. as she notices you, she only gives the faintest of smiles.

"My Lord," she says after the conclusion of the meeting. "Have you consider an attack of your own?"

It's a tricky question. Even discussion of this topic was nothing shy of rebellion.

"What makes you ask such things," you whisper back furiously. "Don't you know the walls have ears?"

"Those ears belong to me, my Lord. Speak openly, knowing only we can hear this conversation."

"I did. Nothing is possible without dire consequences to my lands."

"What about poison?" she asks too chipper for the topic.

"Poison is a wom-" you start.

"So you haven't. Good. Allow me then to introduce you to another world." She now brings her hands into her pockets showing three distinctive liquids.

"All of them are odorless, don't you worry about that. They'll all easily end a man's life, so that's also not a concern. No, the question is the duration and the type of death."

You're completely astounded. You'd let a woman in your castle that could end a man's life at a moment's notice and without any guilt.

"So this little fellow over here does his work within minutes. It's like some people with the cursed bees, you know. All the blood simply goes to the skin and they die. No idea why, but it looks bad. If you want the duke dead and make a statement, this is your poison."

What. Is. Happening.

"His little brother is totally different. There is something about this one that I simply can't put my finger on. You take it and you simply forget to breathe. They seem unaware of anything that's around them. Someone's old and you want them gone without too much suspicion? This is your lucky shot. Although I have heard the duke has barely entered his twenties... So maybe forget this exists."

Did she use that one on your old steward? You'll have to find out.

"The third and final option I have so graciously procured at your immediate summon is this bad boy. This is the mean uncle of them all. It'll slowly but surely end a man's life. If you take this he'll eventually shit himself to death a month later. Rest assured, the ingredients come from my home. Use this and nobody will link the death to the feast. I think it's the perfect poison for you on this occasion."

"Elaria?" you finally ask.

"Yes?" she responds entirely too innocent.

"Have you used them before?"

"That is for me to know, and for you to wonder," she says before seeing your expression change. "But yes, I did. Not on anyone here though. See it as a personal hobby of mine."

You let out a deep sigh. It was happening and you'll have to choose. Do you want to go on the attack, using these dishonorable means, or do you want to stay on the defensive, waiting for it all to blow over?
> You trust her. Still, you don't want to use her talents.
"Thank you for showing me this. I fear we'll have much use of your talents in the future," you start. It's always wise to keep such a dangerous woman content.

"Let me guess. You won't do it."

"I don't think this is the right path, Elaria. When was the last time a vassal murdered his liege and got away with it?"

"Roughly three years ago," she responds factually.

You gulp, "Well, the risks are too great. This is not us."

"Very well. Let me know when you'll regret it, maybe it won't be too late." She promptly leaves the room.

She's dangerous. Knowing her darker side, you can't totally ascertain yourself of her loyalty. She is not a loose cannon, but her ambition may lead her astray.

You return to your rooms mulling over what had transpired. The meeting was good. You have no doubt everyone will be ready for that day. It'll mean the difference between a rise to power and certain doom.

There was nothing to do but wait for that day.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You choose a secluded room to host the meeting. It's large, suited with a large round table. Hopefully, it'll be large enough to make everyone understand the scope of the future.  As you take place opposite of the doors, the first participants tickle in. Your men at arms arrive first as you had expected.

"Welcome. Sorry to disturb your moment in the spotlight," you say with a smile.

"What's the matter, Milord?" a knight responds. It's sir Erick, always the fastest one.

"The duke decided to come visit." You notice one particular knight missing. "Did sir Myre survive his celebration?"

"The old man probably had a heart attack being the center of attention for once," Erick jokes. "Last I've seen him he was profusely apologizing to his wife."

"You know what they say.." you joke back.

"Talking about fun, you got plenty too, Milord."

You want to respond when your steward enters the room. She takes a moment to gather her senses.

"My Lord, you called for me?"

"Yes I did, Elaria. Please have a seat. When everyone arrives we'll have to plan our ducal reception." Her eyes light up at the last two words, her attention clearly intrigued. She's still new in your castle and vicious rumors surround her. You'll have to tread carefully with her.

"When will he arrive, My Lord?" She's all business as usual.

"We currently think we'll have four days," you reply back. However, you don't want to start the discussion early. "Did you enjoy the feast?"

"I'm afraid I had to leave early. I do not mix well with ale and rowdy feasts."

"I'm guessing you keep yourself busy mixing other things." another knight, Sir Rudolph, vehemently answers. Her rise to steward was made possible due to an untimely death. To this day many distrust her as an outsider.

"Now, now." you quickly interject. "Remember, we are all rooting for the same cause here."

Any further discussion is broken off with another entrance. Your castellan enters the room, an extraordinary young man for such an important position. His youth makes him quick to overlook. Though you hope he'll balance this table out with his youthful passion and gain valuable experience in the process.

"Milord," he says while deeply bowing. "Excuse my tardiness."

"You luckily aren't the last to arrive." you try to make him at ease. "Please have a seat."

Lastly, Garreth arrived with Myre and the village elder. Together, they look like the grumpy grandfathers of the barony.

"Welcome. Let's start, shall we?" You wait until everyone has taken their seats. "As we all know, our hunt has been the talk of the duchy. Apparently it has even reached the ears of the duke himself. In all his glorious wisdom," you continue with heavy sarcasm. "He decided to personally visit us in four days."

The news sparks a lot of discussion within your group.

"Yes, it's big news. Still, I feel it won't be all sunshine and rainbows. The duke has hidden motives and I want us to be prepared for whatever it is." A character like that wouldn't give up his luxurious home filled with sycophants for just anything.

"Milord?" your castellan speaks up softly.

"Yes, Driòr?" He really needed to work on his assertivity.

"How would you like our reception to be?"

This is a harder question than you first imagined it. With your sudden recent leave from the capital and the subsequent miraculous success, you have gotten momentum on your side. People no longer see you as just an advisor. You are a beastslayer now, and you'll have to decide how to fill in that role.


 
> You say "Martial."
"Make it an austere occasion. We don't want anything to distract from the feat we've completed. We are of Rivellon, and we must show who we are."

"But, Milord, you wanted a grand feast?" he asks quietly.

"I see nothing contradicting in that. Make it feel real instead of that lofty courtly prancing."

"Aye, Milord. I think I understand, may I leave now?" he asks again. You honestly wonder if he understood it at all. The boy knew nothing of the world outside the castle.

"Take Sir Rudolph. He'll help you."

They both leave. One is decidedly less happy with the whole ordeal.

"Alright, the duke won't like this. But it's time to show the boy the world doesn't spin around him. We are our own people with our own customs. He'll have to play according to our rules. Take it or leave it."

As you look to the room you see the grim faces give out nods of satisfaction. Your words ring true to them, and they'll stand behind you.

"He won't like it," Garreth says. "It's not smart."

"At what point do we stop bending over?" Sir Erick responds.

"Are you willing to die for your beliefs?"

"You aren't?"

Garreth only replies with a grunt. Someone played him at his own game.

"I want to do this without directly taunting the duke," you shush them both. "And I want to do this without selling ourselves out to a city boy."

"Trust us. We'll behave," Sir Myre says pointedly looking at Erick. "And we'll be preparing a nice surprise for our guests. Oh, and we'll need the villagers too."

"If both Driòr and the elder agree..."

"Yes, yes. We'll talk to them afterward."

"Then go ahead."

The meeting then goes into specific details. You're all both excited and equally worried. This would be it. This would be your reputation and your legacy.

 
> You it's not long before the cursed day arrives.
You stand on top of the walls. It feels like your entire barony stands side by side with you. There are grim faces, white knuckles and an overall sense of stressful anticipation. You needed to do your ancestors proud. You needed to show everyone your barony was not to be trifled with.

In the distance you see a grand column moving toward you. It is escorted by hundreds of shining armors. It feels like a force prepared for a siege. Your heart thumps in your throat.

There, leading the mass are two solitary riders. One must be your cursed wife, the other the feared duke himself. They're close enough.

You move to the tower, down the staircase, and through the gate. It's been opened. The heavy metal bars will no longer protect you against the trespassers. Valiant hearts will have to suffice.

"Welcome, welcome to our lands my liege," you say bowing respectfully. "It's a great honor for all of us."

"The honor is mine," he smiles back. "For it is not every day my subjects perform such a great act."

"Thank you, Milord. Please follow me." You pointedly ignore your wife as you turn around and lead them into your home.

"As you can see, your fast arrival left us without much preparation. What you see here is authentic. These are our lands as they are."

"I see..."

"Before we start the feast, tradition calls for an offering in blood. My finest knights will offer themselves as a worthy opponent in a grand melee." It was overexaggerated, of course. "Also my townsmen are forming their own company. If you have any not of noble blood that wants to test their mettle, they are free to do so as well."

"Hmm..."

You see the duke is far from impressed. Tough luck, your people are what they are. They are ready and you can't change that.

Luckily your wife breaks the stalemate. She whispers something and his entire demeanor changes. It makes you sick. There she is, so close yet so far away.
> You see her again at the feast.
Both melees have been won. You're proud of your people. Yet the duke's reaction worries you. You had expected more maturity, at the very least more dignity. Yet he acts like a petulant child. He's only kept in check by your wife. You see now that you've lost her. She has sold her soul to that vile frog. You soften your sorrow with a few more drinks.

That is what the feast descended into. For all your instructions have been abandoned. When swept up in glory, your people can't deny their drinks and fun. The hall descends into something resembling a shady pub. It's not long before drunken brawls start breaking out. The tension had reached its boiling point.

The brawls spread. The duke panics. Complete chaos descends and envelops every one of you. It's not long before swords are drawn and two camps arise. You try desperately to calm things down. But what is one man against the flood?

The two groups charge leaving only bloodshed, death, and destruction. You had failed. You know you'll never survive this day.
> You flee.
Your barony has been lost. Your people are slaughtered in front of your very eyes. Some deep part of you growls its satisfaction; they deserved it.

But not you. You wait, pretend to join the fray and quietly move out to the door. It's open. You slam it shut behind you and run as fast as you can.

"Where do you think you're going?"

The harsh voice interrupts your escape. It's a ducal guard, top brass. He moves in to block the way as he's joined by his men.

"I'm afraid I need some fresh air." you try as sweetly as you can.

"Duke's orders. No one goes in or out. I'm afraid you'll need to-"

The moment you hear his refusal you step in, draw your dagger and plant it firmly in his throat. There's no time for arguing. Before the others have time to react you slice another open. The last guard stares at you with shocked eyes. It is the last thing he sees.

You run, don't stop for anything. Your castle is in flames. Any remaining villagers have been murdered and their homes pillaged. It's a catastrophe.

You run for the only thing you know to be safe. You run for the woods. You know there are pursuers, hear horses speeding up to you. 

You lose them all in the green hell. None of them return.

Over the years people start to fear the forest. Ancient dark spirits kill any who dares to enter their realm. Hunting parties search for the lost baron. They hunt you like a beast. You're smarter than them.

You spent the rest of your short life fighting.

You have so many regrets.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Both melees have been won. You're proud of your people. Yet the duke's reaction worries you. You had expected more maturity, at the very least more dignity. Yet he acts like a petulant child. He's only kept in check by your wife. You see now that you've lost her. She has sold her soul to that vile frog. You soften your sorrow with a few more drinks.

That is what the feast descended into. For all your instructions have been abandoned. When swept up in glory, your people can't deny their drinks and fun. The hall descends into something resembling a shady pub. It's not long before drunken brawls start breaking out. The tension had reached its boiling point.

The brawls spread. The duke panics. Complete chaos descends and envelops every one of you. It's not long before swords are drawn and two camps arise. You try desperately to calm things down. But what is one man against the flood?

The two groups charge leaving only bloodshed, death, and destruction. You had failed. You know you'll never survive this day.
> You exact revenge.
He wanted this. He deserves this.

You lose your thoughts and focus on your feeling. Pure hate spurs you on, gives you a power you'd never felt before. This was the man who took everything from you. This was the beast that needed to die.

You jump forwards, joining the fray. You cut, you bash, and you bite. Most importantly, you kill any who stand in your way. You move close to your target, slip past a few of his guards. 

The chaos surrounding you is overwhelming. It is yours. Your blade sweeps, lunges, and strikes as if possessed. There he stands right before you, his measly sword shivering in fear.

You say nothing. You attack. You keep striking until you feel bones break and flesh rupture. He'll pay.

You leave him on the floor, so mangled he'd be unrecognizable to anyone.

More targets, you move in.

You fight until you are struck down.

You fought until the end.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You choose a secluded room to host the meeting. It's large, suited with a large round table. Hopefully, it'll be large enough to make everyone understand the scope of the future.  As you take place opposite of the doors, the first participants tickle in. Your men at arms arrive first as you had expected.

"Welcome. Sorry to disturb your moment in the spotlight," you say with a smile.

"What's the matter, Milord?" a knight responds. It's sir Erick, always the fastest one.

"The duke decided to come visit." You notice one particular knight missing. "Did sir Myre survive his celebration?"

"The old man probably had a heart attack being the center of attention for once," Erick jokes. "Last I've seen him he was profusely apologizing to his wife."

"You know what they say.." you joke back.

"Talking about fun, you got plenty too, Milord."

You want to respond when your steward enters the room. She takes a moment to gather her senses.

"My Lord, you called for me?"

"Yes I did, Elaria. Please have a seat. When everyone arrives we'll have to plan our ducal reception." Her eyes light up at the last two words, her attention clearly intrigued. She's still new in your castle and vicious rumors surround her. You'll have to tread carefully with her.

"When will he arrive, My Lord?" She's all business as usual.

"We currently think we'll have four days," you reply back. However, you don't want to start the discussion early. "Did you enjoy the feast?"

"I'm afraid I had to leave early. I do not mix well with ale and rowdy feasts."

"I'm guessing you keep yourself busy mixing other things." another knight, Sir Rudolph, vehemently answers. Her rise to steward was made possible due to an untimely death. To this day many distrust her as an outsider.

"Now, now." you quickly interject. "Remember, we are all rooting for the same cause here."

Any further discussion is broken off with another entrance. Your castellan enters the room, an extraordinary young man for such an important position. His youth makes him quick to overlook. Though you hope he'll balance this table out with his youthful passion and gain valuable experience in the process.

"Milord," he says while deeply bowing. "Excuse my tardiness."

"You luckily aren't the last to arrive." you try to make him at ease. "Please have a seat."

Lastly, Garreth arrived with Myre and the village elder. Together, they look like the grumpy grandfathers of the barony.

"Welcome. Let's start, shall we?" You wait until everyone has taken their seats. "As we all know, our hunt has been the talk of the duchy. Apparently it has even reached the ears of the duke himself. In all his glorious wisdom," you continue with heavy sarcasm. "He decided to personally visit us in four days."

The news sparks a lot of discussion within your group.

"Yes, it's big news. Still, I feel it won't be all sunshine and rainbows. The duke has hidden motives and I want us to be prepared for whatever it is." A character like that wouldn't give up his luxurious home filled with sycophants for just anything.

"Milord?" your castellan speaks up softly.

"Yes, Driòr?" He really needed to work on his assertivity.

"How would you like our reception to be?"

This is a harder question than you first imagined it. With your sudden recent leave from the capital and the subsequent miraculous success, you have gotten momentum on your side. People no longer see you as just an advisor. You are a beastslayer now, and you'll have to decide how to fill in that role.


 
> You say "Welcoming."
"We are facing a man that wants no other light in the world shine brighter than his own. He wants to be the strongest, most valorous and most charming. I trust you know what to do Driòr?"

"Yes, Milord. I'll make him the center of attention. If I may; I have a lot to prepare."

"Go ahead," you say and wait until he had left the room. "So now you know what we face. It is a jealous man, hellbent on usurping our glory. He wants to leave these lands with our honor by his side, or he'll leave these lands burnt to ashes."

Garreth speaks up first, "I agree. We can't hold him back if he's there with an army by his side. His superiority is just too great."

"Then you would demote us to mere slaves?" Sir Rudolph, always quick to anger, replies in anger.

"I would demote us to survivors."

"I'll whip the men up in good shape, just in case," Sir Myre adds to the conversation. Rudolph stays silent. "We can't win, but we can show the man it would cost him dearly."

"What about the common people, Milord?" the village elder asks.

"In the worst-case scenario, we need as many abled bodies within these walls as we can manage. Make sure to tell them only the bare minimum. I don't want any panic."

The answer seems to comfort the old man. He'll stand by your side. The knights look less impressed. The discussion eventually devolves into tedious specifics. You notice Elaria doesn't participate at all. Instead, she seems to stay behind in the shadows, carefully observing every man's word. As she catches your eyes, she gives only the faintest of smiles.

"My Lord," she says after the conclusion of the meeting. "Have you consider an attack of your own?"

It's a tricky question. You have considered it. Yet there's nothing you could find, nothing that could save you.

"I did. Nothing is possible without dire consequences to my lands."

"What about poison?" she asks flatly.

"Poison?" you ask.

"So you haven't. Good. Allow me then to introduce you to a whole other world." She now brings her hands into her pockets showing three distinctive liquids.

"All of them are odorless, don't you worry about that. They'll all easily end a man's life, so that's also not a concern. No, the question is the duration and the type of death."

You're completely astounded. The rumors were true. Sir Rudolph was right. Your steward hid dangerous talents, useful talents.

"So this little fellow over here does his work within minutes. It's like some people with the cursed bees, you know. All the blood simply goes to the skin and they die. No idea why, but it looks bad. If you want the duke dead and make a statement, this is your poison."

"We can't have that. The whole world will denounce us."

"Then you'll also dislike his little brother. Leaving us with only the third option," she continues without missing a beat. "The third and final option I have so graciously procured at your immediate summon is this bad boy. This is the mean uncle of them all. It'll slowly but surely end a man's life. If you take this he'll eventually shit himself to death a month later. Rest assured, the ingredients come from my home. Use this and nobody will link the death to the feast. I think it's the perfect poison for you on this occasion."

"Elaria?" you finally ask.

"Yes?" she responds entirely too innocently for what she'd just said.

"How certain are you they'll work?"

"Oh, they always work. The trick is having our target drink it without anyone knowing. I give you my word on that."
> You have to do it.
You stand on top of the walls. It feels like your entire barony stands side by side with you. There are grim faces, white knuckles and an overall sense of stressful anticipation. You needed to do your ancestors proud. You needed to show the world you could survive against all odds.

In the distance you see a grand column moving toward you. It is escorted by hundreds of shining armors. It feels like a force prepared for a siege. Your heart thumps in your throat.

There, leading the mass are two solitary riders. One must be your cursed wife, the other the feared duke himself. They're close enough.

You move to the tower, down the staircase, and through the gate. It's been opened. The heavy metal bars will no longer protect you against the trespassers. Open arms will have to suffice.

"Welcome, welcome to our lands my liege," you say bowing respectfully. "It's a great honor for all of us."

"The honor is mine," he smiles back. "For it is not every day my subjects perform such a great act."

"Thank you, Milord. Please follow me." You pointedly ignore your wife as you turn around and lead them into your home.

"As you can see, Milord, we are glad to have you among us. The whole barony has worked tirelessly to better accommodate your every need."

"Thank you, Sir Robert. I am blessed to have such fine subjects."

"Please, Milord. I am only blessed for such a gracious liege as you are." The key trick to sycophantry is making sure you'd be nauseous. "Allow me to show you the hall."

"Very well. Show me the way."
> You your castellan had outdone himself.
The hall was simply as luxurious as you could manage within those four measly days. It was starkly inspired by the personal rooms of the duke himself. He, of course, was seated as centrally as possible, straight in the middle of everyone's attention.

The evening progressed into the night as everyone wined and dined. The few glances show you your liege is enjoying himself greatly. It leaves you room to enjoy yourself for a moment. Although he would soak up all the honor, it is still your feast.

Eventually, pleasure makes its way for business. When you get the signal from Elaria, you raise your glass.

"Milord, let's have a toast."

"A splendid idea," he replies to your great joy. "Let me lead it."

"Alright, Milord." For once his abrasive nature doesn't faze you. It'll only lead him to his demise. You can't hold a slight chuckle.

Your liege stands up. Within moments the whole room becomes silent.

"Ahem. As we all know, we've come together today to celebrate. We've come today to show you the honor you have so long yearned."

"Damn right!" some drunk quickly replies. He's escorted out shortly.

"For this courage, this valor and skill is what makes us great. As you've demonstrated there is nothing separating us from the grand days of yore. What you have done is nothing short of what is being written in legends."

There's a catch. He'll implicate himself soon.

"It was I that ordered the hunt. When I saw Robert, I immediately saw his potential. There was a fire behind his eyes. A fire that I so rarely see outside my own mirage. It was that fire that earned him my trust. Let's toast together, all of us, on that fire. May it burn in every one of us!"

You glady sip your wine in reply.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's eerily quiet. You crouch through the thick underbrush, carefully planting your feet where there's still green vegetation. In your right hand, you hold the leashes of the hunting dogs; in your left, you hold a long sturdy spear. It should be enough to face your prey.

You are surrounded by grim faces. Most of them are veterans. Garreth is up front as always. Compared to him even the veterans are inexperienced amateurs.

His hand shoots up. Everybody halts in their steps. He motions you forward.

"Two prey, still oblivious." His hand points to two black silhouettes.

"Any vultures?" He always had superior eyesight.

"Nothing, we are clear."

You look towards the most experienced of your hunting party and signal a split. A nod of acknowledgment and a pincer maneuver is executed. The wind tears your eyes as you wait for the two teams to sneak into position. You are left alone with Garreth, the dogs and mainly your thoughts.

"Now."

You release the dogs. They don't bark; they don't growl. As a soundless mass, they charge forwards. You both move closer. The bears are alarmed. A deep resonating roar fills the space between the trees. Moments later, you hear the impact. The dogs throw themselves at the bears, oblivious to any danger. Some are swatted away; others succeed and bite into the resilient skin. The hounds have no hope of killing the beasts. At best they will succeed in keeping them distracted and pinned down.

The two hunting parties now move in, their long spears ready and in formation.

This is what you live for. The battle, the carnage makes you feel alive. You are yet again master of your surroundings, master of your own fate. Garreth has seen enough and looks back at you.

"You are back. I've missed you." A small smile escapes his lips as he closes his eyes.

That was not something he said easily.

"Not back, just recovering." You return the smile. "You shouldn't let me hold you back. Enjoy your hunt, partake in the glory."

"My boy, once you reach my age you'll know a clear victory when you spot it."

Your mentor leaves you nevertheless. 

One bear has now been skewered and held in its place. Its defeated moans tell the world its a threat no longer. The other one, a stronger and more ferocious beast altogether, holds its own against the tide. It crushes one dog beneath its leg. It mauls another with its enormous claws and then rushes through the wall of spears, ruthlessly disrupting any plan of encirclement your party might once have had.

That's when Garreth arrives. He makes himself a big target, yelling at the top of his longs to draw attention. The beast is provoked. He crouches as it charges. At the last moment, he rolls forwards, stabbing his dagger at the soft underbelly. It happens so fast. He stands up, bloodied.

Meanwhile, the other hunters have rallied themselves. They skillfully close the ranks, leaving their target encapsulated in an ever-shrinking circle of spears. The old man had prevented chaos, but they did not allow him to claim the glory. Their advancement goes steadily, step by step. The trap had been laid and set.

The bear checks its solidity. Agitated, it paces around, angry at being denied its kill. Its wild eyes frantically search for any point of weakness. With angry roars, it makes its failure known.

That's when the hair on your neck starts to rise and something tells you to run. You try to duck and turn around, but a bone-shattering force hits your back.

You fly to the ground. Your world goes black for a moment as you hear a deafening roar mere inches from your head. Pretending to be dead, you hear panicked shouting. Sounds of battle are drawing closer and time crawls into a standstill.

Your body is numb once again. You strain yourself to look up and into the beast's maw. There is a moment of recognition. Its brown eyes stare into yours and you see your wife's in them. The battle around you fades away as she calls to you, as she soothes you. My Isa..

She tries to pull you into her memories. You look up and you see..
> A beast of nightmares.
This is not the time. You have to stay alert. Your heart is pounding in your throat. Your arms are twitching involuntarily in an increasing pool of clotting red blood. Still, your mind is clear.

You have to keep still in order to survive. It doesn't work. You see the brown eyes -focus on the eyes!- coming closer. You hear yourself scream as your body gets mangled and discarded away. Your panicking defense was overthrown by the sheer force. You struggle to breathe. The pain makes moving impossible.

As you lay there, you are certain of your end. The bear stands on his rear legs. His silhouette blots out the sun, never before have you been so humbled. Then slowly it descends to finish its job. A last-ditch effort, pure adrenaline, and primal fear take over, forcing you to roll sidewards. You've bought yourself some seconds of life.

However, something changes. The beast trashes wildly, seemingly ignoring you. With wild, uncoordinated movements you crawl into safety. Nearby you hear the paws of your pack of dogs smashing the ground, closing the distance. They are followed by the shouting, several hands pull you further back. A flash of pain and you find yourself seated against a tree. The world turns into shades of gray, turns ninety degrees as you lose all sense of where you are.

Unintelligible directing voices are followed with pressure on your wounds. In the distance you see a mountain being battled by little figures. It's funny how the little figures fly. The mountain moves, changes its shape, strikes out to everything around it. Yet it doesn't seem enough to stem the tide. The water around it contorts itself with every attack. It's a beautiful dance, an artful exchange between two colliding forces of nature. However the deft dodges seem to tire the mountain, it can't keep the pace up. It slows, only to be methodically surrounded and then corroded by the tide.

It's funny how the mountain falls. Good. You let your bloodloss take your consciousness.<|endoftext|>
