<|startoftext|>Dead Man Walking! (Zombie Survival)

Can you survive the Zombie Apocalypse? While challenging, it's not as hard as the movies would have you believe - where they always make the worst possible decisions for the sake of drama. Here, at least, you will be offered logical choices amid the foolhardy and your character cares about survival even more than you do. A serious game with gory detail.


Style

There is a lot of reading in this story. Pages are filled with lengthy descriptions of who, what, when, where, why, & how. The story is quite long (over 2100 pages) and comes in three major sections (of varying length, depending on what you choose to do in them). Don’t forget your 'Save Game' option...


Sections

The first section is the shortest and involves escaping the subway tunnels.

The second section involves moving around within the city and escaping.

The third section involves moving through the suburbs to find and save your family.


Objective

Get the best ending (or) Get the highest score (or) Kill the most zombies (or) All of the above?


Scoring

Each choice is assigned a value from 10 - 50 points: Generally, 10 points are given for a bad decisions, 30 points for neutral decisions, and 50 points for the most logical choices. 20 & 40 points are also awarded, when certain choices fall between the other values. Your final Score at the end of the game is the total of all the decisions made, multiplied by a number of special factors (depending on what you accomplish during play).

Note that the highest possible score will not be achieved by making all the right choices - as making the best choices often allow you to bypass certain other 'choice-filled' events, that will net you more points in the long run (if survived) than by simply skipping them altogether in the first place.


Endings

As this is a zombie game, the very best ending can only be achieved by not getting bit at all, but there are still a number of interesting endings available, even if you do get chomped on a time or two. In fact, you are not likely to get the Highest Score with the very best ending - but that's the trade-off.

With each 'Death Page' and the 'Official Endings', you will have the chance to see how you did before quitting (or going back). A Rundown is included that shows how many zombies and/or people you killed, how many people you saved, how many zombies munched your brains, and of course your Total Score. If at the end of your game you have 10,000 or more points, you will also be able to see a write-up of the Zombie Virus and Zombie Types used during the game.

The type of ending you achieve will also be reflected in the last digit of your Final Score: Death Pages will produce a score ending in '0'; Official Endings will show a '5'; and the Very Best Ending will show a '7'.

Post a comment to show your high scores to the world!


Troubleshooting

Please PM me if you find bugs or breaks in logic (such as walking on foot in one scene, then riding a mountain bike in the next, without ever having found the mountain bike first). The most helpful thing you could do is tell me the name of the page with the bug (and) the name of the page you came into that page from, plus a description of what’s not working correctly.


Good Luck!


This game dedicated to my lovely LadyZerka (and Five Hundred Feet of Heavy Rope in a Barrel)   =)
> You begin...
Dead Man Walking.


You are drifting through darkness, floating weightless in an inky black void. Slowly you realize you are not quite awake, but coming out of unconsciousness; you must have passed out for some reason. You try to sit up, but some unseen force holds your body down. With a note of frustration you realize again that you are still not fully awake. Focusing your will you try to start yourself awake, and for a moment it seems to work – you sit up and look around and can see that you are in a dark tunnel with very little light. You notice a man stooped over some object to your right and try to call out to him, but your voice does not work. Regardless, the man turns to look at you and it is then that you see it is not a man at all, but a smoky silhouette of shadow in vaguely a man-like shape. The thing sets upon you in a flash and you feel a smothering presence overpowering you in the darkness, wrapping you up, holding you down; trying to invade you. In panic you jolt awake – this time for real.


The first thing you notice is a sharp stabbing pain in your head. Reaching up, you feel your hair matted in blood and grimace as you run your fingers over the jagged edges of what must surely be a serious head wound. Part of your scalp has actually been torn free of your skull and hangs in a greasy mess over your ear. You’re not bleeding from the wound very much – it seems to have clotted – but you definitely should get it seen by a medical professional sooner than later…


In addition, your left arm, shoulder, and side are numb. Moving them slightly, you wince at small twinges of pain here and there, but are relieved to see that they are not broken – though it does seem that you have been thrown down on that side recently and with significant force.


Sitting yourself up against a wall of cool damp stone you take in your surroundings. The floor is of hard packed dirt with a thick layer of dust on top and (from what you can feel), quite a bit of shattered safety glass lays around you. In the air you smell a mix of smoke and ozone, like when an electrical outlet shorts out. That and the heavy stink of blood (your own maybe, you do seem to have lost quite a bit) and something reminiscent of burning hair… All in all, it’s somewhat hard to breathe, as if you’re not quite getting enough oxygen with each breath.


It is very dark, but a dim greenish glow stemming from a huge mass of twisted metal before you gives enough illumination to at least make out your hand in front of your face, as well as what’s immediately around you. Looking at the mass in front of you, you can see that it is the wreckage of a subway train – or perhaps even two trains – as if one had run up into another on the same track. Now however, the subway cars choke the dark tunnel you are in, cast zigzag across the tracks in a crumpled and jagged pile of wreckage. The greenish glow comes from inside the smashed train cars themselves and you surmise that it would be illumination from the emergency exits.


Looking to your right, you see a mangled body without a head. You shudder and wonder what it was you saw standing over that body in your half-conscious dream state.


Thinking back, you try to remember how you could have arrived in such a predicament, but you can’t get past the pain in your head. Your memory is all cloudy. How much of it have you lost? All of it apparently; you can’t even recall your own name. Looking yourself over for a clue to your own identity, you note that you are wearing reasonably savvy business attire with a gold watch. Unfortunately, the watch is broken, its face smashed and the hands stopped at 7:40 am.


Checking your back pocket you find your wallet and upon looking inside, you find your license.


“Greg Bradley”, you say to yourself, reading the name off the ID. The address shows a street in the suburbs. There’s also a photo of the wife and kids (you guess). The woman is pretty enough and there are two cute girls – a ten year old and a younger one, maybe seven.


A twinge of frustration creeps into your mind. Why can’t you remember anything? Isn’t seeing things like this supposed to jar a memory or something? You take the photo out of the wallet and tuck it into your breast pocket. Checking the rest of the contents, you find a number of low-end credit cards, $50 cash, and a half dozen of your own business cards; showing that you are an accountant for the Morgan Corporation, located on the 24th floor of the Summit Tower.


Also in your possession is a crushed cell phone (totally dead) and a ring of keys including the key and fob to a Toyota, a house key, a PO Box key, a padlock key, and what you think is an elevator key marked ‘ST 24’. Incidentally, your key chain also includes a small LED penlight – which upon testing in the darkness of the tunnel, seems to offer miniscule comfort against the engulfing blackness.


It occurs to you that you should probably find something to bandage your head with. You consider for a moment trying to use your shirt as a makeshift bandage. It seems to work in the movies.


It is then that you hear the rattle of movement from within the pile of train wreckage before you, followed by a long mournful sounding groan. Instinctively, you quickly turn off your penlight and remain still; waiting to see what is making the noise without yet revealing your presence. You don’t hear the sound again and wonder if some injured person is trapped there in the twisted subway cars, waiting for you to make the first move…
> You wait quietly for help to arrive
You sit in the darkness waiting. Surely someone must know about this train wreck and will be coming to the rescue any minute.


The minutes pass…


The hour passes…


And then hours pass…


You have been sitting in the darkness for a long time and are starting to feel weak and dizzy in addition to being in pain. Maybe you should have tried to find help for yourself, rather than sit here, probably bleeding out this whole time. On a side note, whoever is there in the train wreckage still seems to be alive – moaning incoherently from time to time.
> You bind your head with cloth from your shirt
As you tear some strips from your shirt, the noise seems to attract the attention of the person trapped in the train wreckage. The low mournful groans suddenly turn into heavy desperate panting snarls and a flurry of rattling and shaking from that direction. Whoever is making those noises does not sound very well off or even sane at this point.


You quickly bind your head and…
> You wait to see what happens
There is a disturbingly wet ‘tearing’ sound and you can hear the desperate panting snarls suddenly beginning to get closer. You wait nervously in the dark, straining to see, as it emerges from the wreckage. Crawling toward you over the caved-in side of an overturned subway car is a bloody corpse, its lower half fully torn away at the waist and trailing innards behind. The thing can’t possibly be alive, but there it is, frothing bloody foam at the mouth and snapping hungry jaws at you – like something right out of an old horror movie!
> You find a large stone to smash its head in with
Looking along the wall of the dark tunnel with your penlight, you spot a large chunk of cinderblock and quickly heft it up. The horrible thing is still clawing toward you when you bring the heavy piece of concrete down on the back of its head crushing it skull with a sickening splurch of blood, bone, and gray matter.


You are still filled with adrenaline and somewhat dizzy from your exertion, when you look up to the sound of more moaning; and see two more subway passengers, shuffling towards you with outstretched arms from the front part of the train wreck. While they are not moving very quickly, they are on their feet and making a beeline straight for you. They are far enough away from you at the moment, that you are fairly sure you can easily avoid them if you so choose.
> You wait and attack them with your cinder block
Your cinderblock smashed one lunatic’s head in easy enough; it should work on two more just as well. You have time to maneuver to a higher position on the wreckage of the train cars and there wait for the two subway passengers to pass by. That’s when you’ll get the jump on them.


Sure enough, the two moaning subway passengers stumble by, not immediately seeing you from your position of ambush. As you leap down at them, you notice that both already look pretty mangled by the train wreck itself – one even walking on a completely dislocated ankle. Your chunk of cinderblock comes down with you, striking squarely on the top of the first’s head. The monster crumples under the blow immediately as its head explodes in a messy display – along with your chunk of cinderblock – which shatters in a dusty rain of crumbling bits.


You look with dismay at your now empty hands, trying to formulate a new plan of action through the mounting sense of panic. It is then that you realize the other one is already on you, having lunged with surprising agility for someone so broken up. Before you can do anything more, you are dragged to the ground as it lunges for your neck. Instinctively, you defend yourself with a raised arm, only to feel the monster bite deeply into it – tearing a chunk out and taking a moment to chomp on the meaty flesh.


You ignore the pain and grit your teeth, taking advantage of the monster’s momentary distraction to reach blindly for anything on the ground around you to use as a weapon. Amazingly, your left hand brushes over something metallic and heavy enough to give you hope. You grab hold and slam the object into the lunatic’s temple, knocking it over and allowing you to scramble up. You no longer have whatever it was in your hand, but the thing isn’t getting up either. Not waiting to give it a moment’s quarter, you stomp on the back of its neck repeatedly, crunching up its vertebrae, until you are satisfied that it isn’t going to get up anytime soon. That is when you notice the railroad tie spike buried in the side of its head.


Taking a moment to calm yourself and regain your wind you think about what to do next.
> You climb through the wreckage to the front of the subway train
You move quickly, ignoring the mess behind you and the throbbing pain of your injuries, making your way over and through the wreckage of the train cars that scatter the tunnel in the direction the train was headed before the wreck.


Along the way you see dead bodies everywhere, smashed into the twisted metal of the wrecked train cars – each more gruesome than the last. Disturbingly, you also notice an unusually large amount of entrails scattered about. You somehow doubt that that many people could all have been disemboweled simultaneously by a simple train wreck – even one as serious as this one appears to be. You’re not sure (and you certainly don’t want to get close enough to find out firsthand), but some of the bodies even look as if they have recently been savaged, as if by some wild animals’ rending jaws. As you get further along, you also notice a large number of bloody footprints headed in the same direction you are going. They seem to be joined by more and more footprints as you pass through one mangled subway car after another.


At length you get to the front of the train you must have been riding on. In walking, you surmise that you had been on the train and thrown out a window when it crashed. You must have struck your head when you landed, which knocked you out for who knows how long. On that thought, you risk approaching a random victim’s arm sticking out of the wreckage to take their watch. Unlike yours, this one still works and indicates the time to be 6:04 pm. If that is correct, and your watch indicates the time of the crash, that means you were out of it for roughly ten hours. Wow, you’d better not go back to sleep until you can get yourself to a hospital or you might not wake up again. You also find a working cell phone in the aisle as you go and see that it still works, but there’s no signal down here in the subway tunnel.


Looking at the first car of your train, you see that it is completely flattened under the rear cars of another train. It looks as if the first train was stopped on the tracks and your train somehow ran into the back of it at a rather high rate of speed.


Continuing on, you cautiously pass through the scattered cars of this train with much the same scene of carnage cast before your eyes, until you finally arrive at the head of the first train. Unlike your train the first car of this train is relatively intact. You know that at the very front of the train is a control room, which hopefully will have at least a first aid kit and if you’re lucky, a working radio. As you approach, you see that all the bloody footprints leave the train at this point and continue down the tunnel in the direction the train was headed. They are quickly lost however in the hard-packed dirt and darkness of the tunnel itself – though following them won’t be a problem – you only got one direction to go – unless you want to turn around and go back the way you just came.
> You search the train's control room before deciding what to do
The door to the train’s control room is locked, but you are able to go outside and pull the smashed remains of the train car’s windshield out, allowing you to climb inside. When the train was hit from behind, it caused the cars of both trains to accordion together, sending them sliding almost sideways down the tunnel into each other until this particular car got wedged in a narrow spot and caused the massive and jagged pileup behind it. As you enter the control room, you see that the driver of the train has been crushed to death by the front of the train as it smashed into the side of the tunnel and got wedged in. You try not to look too closely at his flattened and gore drained shell; or the pool of mess under what’s left of his seat.


Checking the area, you see a map of the train lines on one wall and note that the train was headed into the city before it crashed. That makes sense to you, as you would have been traveling from your house in the suburbs to your office in the city during the morning rush. Looking around some more, you find a well-stocked first aid kit, a proper flashlight, a crowbar, some signal flares, a large fire extinguisher, and working CB radio. You also find the train operator’s book bag with his lunch in it and help yourself to the contents, seeing as he won’t miss it anytime soon. You’re actually surprised that it tastes so good, given that you’re eating it in a small room with a horribly mangled corpse just a few feet away.


After eating, you wrap your wounds in proper bandages and down a couple of pain pills and a no doze. You’re pretty sure you don’t want to fall asleep in here regardless of the head injury. You definitely don’t feel safe down here in this tunnel of death. Packing the first aid kit, flashlight, and signal flares in the book bag, you heft the crowbar in your hand and check out the CB Radio – unfortunately, it’s not the portable kind, but definitely worth trying to call for help on.


You consider trying to take the large fire extinguisher, but are not sure about the weight versus utility. It can wait till you’re ready to leave, so you decide to address it again after trying the radio.
> You try the CB Radio
After a while trying the current channel with no response, you try calling out on the other channels. Just when you are ready to give up, you dial channel 7 and hear a voice answer you on the other end.


“Help, I’ve been in a subway train wreck!” you say over the com.


“This is Officer Main of the 3rd Precinct, who is this, over.”


“Uh, my name is Greg Bradley”, you identify yourself, “I’m on a wrecked subway car down in the tunnels, I don’t know where exactly. Everyone onboard is either dead or gone.”


You hear an awkward pause on the other end of the com, and then Officer Main’s voice comes back on, slow and grim.


“Listen Greg, there is no easy way to tell you this, but the whole world has gone to shit, just like that train down there. Some sort of terrorist bio-weapon released on the city this morning. A poison gas, or virus, or the like. It causes those exposed to suffer death-like symptoms, including a semi rigor mortis like state, and then they go crazy with cannibalistic rage. Just like the zombies in them movies. And like the movies, you got to hit them in the head and destroy their brain in order to put them down for good. Also, if you get bit by one you got roughly ten minutes before you’re one of them yourself – though I did heard this one guy actually lasted three hours before he changed. You haven’t been bitten now have you” he asks, pausing for a reply.


“No”, you say quickly, looking at your arm but not wanting to lose contact with what could possibly be the last living soul in the city.


“All right then,” Officer Main continues, “Here’s what you need to do. Follow the tracks to the first station and get to the streets above. The first thing you need to do is avoid contact with any zombies. Next, you need to get your bearings and know where you are in the city – get a street map if you can. Then find a pry bar or tire iron and drop yourself into the nearest ‘center of the street’ manhole cover. It has to be one in the center of a main street, not a side street or manhole cover near the curb. And unless you’re Lou Ferrigno, you’ll need the tire iron to lever up the hundred and seventy five pound manhole cover. Obviously a light is going to be handy down there too.”


“You still with me?” he asks.


“Uh, yeah, I understand,” you reply – more than a little apprehensive about some plan to go down into more dark tunnels with ravening cannibalistic zombies lurking about.


“Good” he continues. “Once inside, set the manhole cover back behind you – this should keep the zombies from following you in, unless you really piss them off for some reason. There shouldn’t be any zombies in the sewer tunnels – or if there are, there’ll be a hell of a lot less in there than on the streets. Once in the main sewer line, follow it just like you would the streets above to our Precinct House here on 3rd and Spring Street. You’ll see street names marked at each intersection of the tunnels and they run directly under the center of most streets. When you get to 3rd and Spring Street, you’ll need to be careful. The zombies are thick in this area, but we’re nice and safe here in our Precinct House. Like a fortress here, and well-armed, so you don’t got to worry once you’re inside – you just have to make a dash from the street to the door is all – you are good at running right? Over.”


“I’m injured; got a head wound”, you reply, “but I suppose I can run a short distance all right. What about the hospitals though? I think I really need medical attention rather quickly. Uh, over.”


“No, don’t go to any hospital! They are all overrun with the dead and undead. We have medical supplies here and a triage unit with doctors and a surgeon. You get yourself here and we can help you. You hear?”


“Yeah, thanks for the information. I’ll try to get to you,” you say, not really certain about it just yet.


“Good Luck. Over” comes back the final reply.
> You take a moment to give thought to the situation
After giving it some thought you conclude that you now have a number of things to consider. If the city really is overrun with zombies, then you’ll need more than a crowbar to survive. You need real medical attention pretty soon too.


The 3rd Precinct seems to offer both and is in the direction the train was going.


Then there is your home and family. You don’t remember anything of them yet, but perhaps seeing one of them in person will trigger the return of your memories. You know they must love you and wonder if they are safe.


Has the attack spread into the suburbs; or is it contained in the city? What if it spreads further? Is this the only city to be attacked; or are there more cities across the country facing the zombie threat?


You’re not entirely sure how far your home is from the city, but you think you had just over a 40 minute commute – yeah, that sounds right. You try to work out in your head how far that would be in miles if you estimate the average speed of the train, when it occurs to you just to look at the line map on the wall of the control room. There you see that your suburb is twenty-six miles away from Summit Station (you presume under Summit Tower where you work), taking the green line from Summit Station to Fairmont Station and from there, the yellow line to Suburbia Station. Now all you need to know is where on the green line you are currently, which you won’t find out until you walk in one direction or the other to a station.


Of course, what is the point if you’re just going to turn into one of those things in…


You look at your watch, it says 9:05pm…


You got about two hours left. Damn, that sucks.


With this weighing on your mind, you…
> You take the heavy fire extinguisher & continue heading further into the city in the direction the train was going
You cautiously move through the silence of the tunnel, listening carefully as you go. You’d rather be anywhere else in the world than here right now, and the temptation just to give up, lie down, and die is almost overwhelming. You’ve never been prone to anxiety attacks, but this shit certainly has you on the edge.


After traveling for what you thought was at least an hour, you look at your watch and see that it hasn’t even been a full thirty minutes. Time flies when you’re having fun, you think sarcastically.


After another five or so minutes of plodding along, you begin to think you can see a dull light in the tunnel way up ahead. Turning your own light out momentarily confirms this, as you can definitely see a dull white glow in the tunnel – maybe a station you hope.


Whatever it is, you’re still a ways off; perhaps a quarter mile or so…
> You continue toward the station
As you walk toward the light at the end of the tunnel, it seems to never get any closer – Damn; how far away is it?!?


That is when you realize that you have been dragging your feet as you walk recently – more stumbling forward actually than what could truly be considered a walk. Your muscles all feel tight and you’re incredibly weak and tired – like your wounds and exhaustion are finally hitting you all at once.


You stop and steady yourself on the wall of the tunnel a moment as your head swims and you nearly pass out. Nice. You can see the light at the end of the tunnel and now you’re going to pass out and get eaten by wandering zombies before you even can make it. Typical.


You begin to wonder if this is the zombie contagion at work – you have been bit after all. Are you really going to die and rise up as a brain eating monster?


Yuck. You never did like the thought of eating brains, or livers, or that other disgusting stuff people eat sometimes. Hell, you can’t even swallow sushi without gaging.


Yeah, you’ll make a real classy zombie, you think sarcastically to yourself, gagging on other peoples’ brains.


After another flash of near unconsciousness, you desperately look around the tunnel for some place of refuge to sit and weather out the storm – or at least a place to die in peace. You’d much rather be munched on by zombies when dead than to have them find and eat you alive.


You find nothing significant, just an old sheet of heavy plywood leaned up against the side of the tunnel. With nothing more than that, and unconsciousness threatening to overtake you at any moment, you make due as best you can with what you have. You pull the bottom of the plywood sheet out a few feet from the wall of the tunnel, making a place behind that you can crawl into.


You go inside and turn out your light, noting the ever faint light still visible down at the end of the tunnel. There you lie on the ground, hidden behind your makeshift shelter, feeling feverish while the pain of your head wound and the tightness of your muscles is lost in the burning sensation that has slowly spread out from where you were bit by zombies to fill your whole body.


You lull in semi-consciousness; now almost sorry that you took that no doze. At least if you had fallen asleep and not woke up, you wouldn’t have to be going through this right now. Your mind reels, jumping chaotically between the horrifying scenes of slaughter witnessed this day and half memories of your family, that feign to come back but then evaporate just before your mind can latch onto them.


You then realize that the burning tightness in all your muscles has progressed to complete paralysis – you can’t even move your fingers or close your eyes. You lay there completely rigid, unable to move, until even your vision blurs.


You’re not sure how long you lay there, drifting in and out of awareness, until you suddenly notice you can see clearly again and blink. You also hear what you think is the beeping of a morning alarm coming from somewhere. Then, all at once, every muscle of your body suddenly releases, and you find yourself drenched in sweat. Your fever is gone and you no longer feel a burning throughout your body or even where you were bit by zombies. Now you’re just in good old fashion pain.


You look at your watch and see that it’s 6:00am – the time you normally get up in the morning to get ready for work. You then realize the alarm on your watch is beeping and you quickly turn it off and grab your crowbar, hoping the sound hasn’t attracted any zombies to your position. You crawl out from behind your shelter to listen and then look yourself over. You appear normal – not the walking dead like you expected. You quickly do some math in your head. No problem. You’re pretty sure zombies don’t do math. Small blessing.


Looking up the length of subway tunnel, you still see the light there at the end. Gathering your gear you:
> You continue toward the station
Eventually you approach the opening at the end of the tunnel, where it empties into a large underground subway station. Your heart sinks as you draw near and hear the echoing din of a large mass of zombies from within. You hover in the darkness of the tunnel, carefully venturing forward just enough to get a look inside.


A hundred and some of the former subway passengers – all trapped in the rush hour mob and unable to escape the initial outbreak – pack the area, half on the landing platform itself and half down on the tracks.


Those on the tracks look a lot worse for wear; most torn up from the subway crash you just came from – or even other crashes farther up ahead. They moan and snarl at each other, jostling and crowding toward the edge of the loading platform, trying most ineffectually at climbing up the four foot ledge. Occasionally one does manage to get up, but is quickly pulled back down by the rest trying to climb up over its back.


You are reminded of a bucket of crabs. You remember once seeing one in Maine – there’s another memory – you don’t need to put a lid on a full bucket of crabs; they all try to climb up over each other. The moment one gets to the top, it is collectively grabbed by the rest and dragged back down to the bottom of the bucket.


You snap out of your reflection and focus on the area itself. The zombies don’t see you yet and you doubt they’d hear you over the clamor, unless you did something to intentionally attract their attention.


The station is large and tiled, with a high vaulted ceiling and a large placard reading: “Fox Park Station”. You see that the light is coming from a large number of battery powered emergency lights along the top of the walls. You also see, just beyond the crowded landing platform, two exits. The first is a turnstile gate at your end of the platform with an escalator and set of stairs going up on the other side. The second is an open set of stairs and an escalator at the far end of the platform beyond all the zombies.


On the track level itself are two sets of rails, both empty of any trains. Apparently, the platform side is for stopping, while the outer track is for passing through. As the trains all go the same way through the tunnels, you know there must also be another tunnel and station nearby for the trains going in the opposite direction. Typically, it would be close enough that you could buy a ticket in the terminal above the tunnels and then simply come down the right set of escalators to your platform.


You spot a dingy red metal door in the outer wall of the tunnel opposite the landing platform. While the light’s not great, there is enough that you can make out the words on its surface: "Railway Workers Only!"


As you stand in the shadows of the tunnel looking over the scene, you also spot a four foot long piece of heavy planking, lying on the ground where you would exit the tunnel. You’ll have to be sure not to trip over it when you are ready to go.


Man there are a lot of zombies in here!


Given that, you think over your options – The open stairs and escalator at the far end of the landing platform is a no go – way too many zombies to get past even to think about it. Then there is the turnstile exit gate with the escalator and stairs on the other side. The problem with that is: to get to the stairs you’ll have to hop onto the landing platform with hundreds of zombies and make it to the turnstile exit gate and jam it before they swarm you. There is also the matter of the turnstiles being one-way. If there are zombies on the other side of it, you won’t be able to come back the way you came.


The red door option on the other side of the tunnel would be much easier to get to, but if you’re detected, the zombies on the tracks will move after you and block your way back to the tunnels. You don’t even know if it’s locked or even goes anywhere – for all you know it may just be an access door to firefighting equipment – though you would think it would say so if that was the case…


You could also try to sneak past the horde altogether, while they are distracted, in order to continue further down the tunnels towards the center of the city. If the rest of the stations are like this one though, then you’ll have to deal with getting out of the tunnels sooner or later…


You could also just turn around and head back the way you came; trying instead to leave the city altogether rather than move any deeper into it.


After weighing your odds, you:
> You make a run for the turnstile gate through the zombie hoard
Taking a deep breath, you rush out from the shadows of the tunnel and over to the nearest edge of the landing platform. As all the zombies on the tracks are looking in the direction of the zombies already on the platform, you are able to get right up to the edge of the zombie crowd and brush past two or three of them before vaulting up onto the upper level.


There is an abrupt silence, as all attention is suddenly drawn to you, and then a roar of agitated groans and wails. As one, the entire zombie hoard starts toward you. Of course, you weren’t waiting to see what they’d do, so you’re already running full speed toward the turnstile gate at this point. Unfortunately, the zombie swarm had already partially blocked your path; and with them now actively moving toward you, you’ll need to bust past at least five of them before you can get to the gate.


You slam your shoulder into the first with a yell and send it flying into another, toppling both. Three more you think, swinging your crowbar with both hands at the nearest of the three. Your weapon strikes true, shattering the thing’s jaw and knocking its head so far to the side that its neck snaps loudly. It falls to the ground twitching violently.


That is when you feel grasping hands all over your back. It seems that your crash into the first two zombies has drastically slowed your charge. With horror you feel yourself suddenly being pulled backward into the crowd. The book bag you think! They have hold of your book bag! You drop one shoulder and spin out of the book bag freeing yourself of the hoard on the landing platform, but exposing your back to the two standing between you and the turnstile gate. Knowing that they are lunging at you even now, you do something radical and drop to the ground before rolling away to the side.


The two zombies that were behind you attack the empty air where you were, while the zombie hoard still tears at your book bag. You can’t help but laugh at the clumsy things, but here your laugh is cut short as realize just how dire your situation has really become. The two zombies you had knocked down simply get back up and those of the hoard not occupied with your bag have pushed forward around the melee. You now have eight or more of them between you and the gate, while a few dozen more on the tracks have actually managed to claw their way onto the platform behind you.


You jump back up and manage to bash in two more heads, but you’re working against the tide and are quickly overwhelmed. You are dragged down and torn to bits by hundreds of slavering jaws.


A moment later and you’re standing on the tracks in some sort of surreal out-of-body experience, watching the zombies on the platform spread your entrails out amongst themselves. Looking back at the tunnel you had rashly decided to come in from, you see that strange black shadowy shape from your unconscious dreams lurking nearby. You wonder what it is and what it wants with you, but that is another story…


END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Eventually you approach the opening at the end of the tunnel, where it empties into a large underground subway station. Your heart sinks as you draw near and hear the echoing din of a large mass of zombies from within. You hover in the darkness of the tunnel, carefully venturing forward just enough to get a look inside.


A hundred and some of the former subway passengers – all trapped in the rush hour mob and unable to escape the initial outbreak – pack the area, half on the landing platform itself and half down on the tracks.


Those on the tracks look a lot worse for wear; most torn up from the subway crash you just came from – or even other crashes farther up ahead. They moan and snarl at each other, jostling and crowding toward the edge of the loading platform, trying most ineffectually at climbing up the four foot ledge. Occasionally one does manage to get up, but is quickly pulled back down by the rest trying to climb up over its back.


You are reminded of a bucket of crabs. You remember once seeing one in Maine – there’s another memory – you don’t need to put a lid on a full bucket of crabs; they all try to climb up over each other. The moment one gets to the top, it is collectively grabbed by the rest and dragged back down to the bottom of the bucket.


You snap out of your reflection and focus on the area itself. The zombies don’t see you yet and you doubt they’d hear you over the clamor, unless you did something to intentionally attract their attention.


The station is large and tiled, with a high vaulted ceiling and a large placard reading: “Fox Park Station”. You see that the light is coming from a large number of battery powered emergency lights along the top of the walls. You also see, just beyond the crowded landing platform, two exits. The first is a turnstile gate at your end of the platform with an escalator and set of stairs going up on the other side. The second is an open set of stairs and an escalator at the far end of the platform beyond all the zombies.


On the track level itself are two sets of rails, both empty of any trains. Apparently, the platform side is for stopping, while the outer track is for passing through. As the trains all go the same way through the tunnels, you know there must also be another tunnel and station nearby for the trains going in the opposite direction. Typically, it would be close enough that you could buy a ticket in the terminal above the tunnels and then simply come down the right set of escalators to your platform.


You spot a dingy red metal door in the outer wall of the tunnel opposite the landing platform. While the light’s not great, there is enough that you can make out the words on its surface: "Railway Workers Only!"


As you stand in the shadows of the tunnel looking over the scene, you also spot a four foot long piece of heavy planking, lying on the ground where you would exit the tunnel. You’ll have to be sure not to trip over it when you are ready to go.


Man there are a lot of zombies in here!


Given that, you think over your options – The open stairs and escalator at the far end of the landing platform is a no go – way too many zombies to get past even to think about it. Then there is the turnstile exit gate with the escalator and stairs on the other side. The problem with that is: to get to the stairs you’ll have to hop onto the landing platform with hundreds of zombies and make it to the turnstile exit gate and jam it before they swarm you. There is also the matter of the turnstiles being one-way. If there are zombies on the other side of it, you won’t be able to come back the way you came.


The red door option on the other side of the tunnel would be much easier to get to, but if you’re detected, the zombies on the tracks will move after you and block your way back to the tunnels. You don’t even know if it’s locked or even goes anywhere – for all you know it may just be an access door to firefighting equipment – though you would think it would say so if that was the case…


You could also try to sneak past the horde altogether, while they are distracted, in order to continue further down the tunnels towards the center of the city. If the rest of the stations are like this one though, then you’ll have to deal with getting out of the tunnels sooner or later…


You could also just turn around and head back the way you came; trying instead to leave the city altogether rather than move any deeper into it.


After weighing your odds, you:
> You use the heavy fire extinguisher to disorient and bull-rush your way through the zombie hoard to the turnstile gate
Good thing you brought this heavy fire extinguisher, you think, as you pull the pin and ready it for the onslaught. You’re thinking that you can use it as a battering ram to bowl your way through and then blast the zombies in the face with the contents to hopefully confuse them long enough to dive through the turnstile.


Taking a deep breath, you rush out from the shadows of the tunnel and over to the nearest edge of the landing platform. As all the zombies on the tracks are looking in the direction of the zombies already on the platform, you are able to get right up to the edge of the zombie crowd and brush past two or three of them before vaulting up onto the upper level – the fire extinguisher clanging loudly on the tiles as you do so.


There is an abrupt silence, as all attention is suddenly drawn to you, and then a roar of agitated groans and wails. As one, the entire zombie hoard starts toward you. Of course, you weren’t waiting to see what they’d do, so you’re already running full speed toward the turnstile gate at this point. Unfortunately, the zombie swarm had already partially blocked your path; and with them now actively moving toward you, you’ll need to bust past at least five or six of them before you can get to the gate.


You level the heavy fire extinguisher in front of you and ram at full speed into the first two zombies with a yell – sending them flying back into two more and toppling all four of them. Almost there you think, swinging the heavy fire extinguisher with both hands at the nearest of those left standing. The butt of the extinguisher slams into the creature’s head just below the ear – shattering the thing’s jaw and knocking its head so far to the side that its neck snaps loudly. It falls to the ground twitching violently.


You still have one standing between you and your goal when you feel grasping hands all over your back. It seems that your initial crash into the zombies has drastically slowed your forward momentum. With horror you feel yourself suddenly being pulled backward into the crowd. The book bag you think! They have hold of your book bag! You drop one shoulder and spin out of the book bag freeing yourself of the hoard on the landing platform, but exposing your back to the one standing between you and the turnstile gate. Knowing that it must be lunging at you even now, you do something radical and drop to the ground before rolling away to the side and emptying the contents of the fire extinguisher at your attackers.


A violent blast of white powder spews up into the faces of the zombies standing over you and fills the air with a cloud of the stuff. The zombies stop short for just a moment, apparently blinded, or at least confused by the sudden stimuli. Not wasting the advantage, you scramble the last few feet toward the turnstile gate – when something grabs your leg and threatens to drag you back into the hoard.


It’s one of the prone zombies you knocked down in your charge – you had almost forgot about them in the mounting panic of your situation. Looking, you can see all four of them beginning to get back up, but the closest of them has grabbed a hold of your pant leg and is now sinking its teeth deep into your calf. You cry out in pain as the ugly thing rips free a wide strip of your flesh and grins – mouth dripping your own blood. Still having a hold of the fire extinguisher, you curse loudly and slam the butt of it down on the zombie’s head with all your might. A gruesome spray of wet gore splats across your legs as the thing’s head pops like a melon between the butt of the extinguisher and hard tile floor. You force yourself to ignore your own injury and the revulsion of such a gory sight – skittering through the turnstile before the rest of the zombies can get to you.


Immediately, the zombie hoard tries to reach through the bars of the gate to get at you. Looking at the stairs and escalator, you see that there are no zombies on this side of the gate – Phew! Maybe you’ll get out of this yet. The problem is that you’re now bleeding from the burning bite on back of your leg and are currently stuck holding the gate yourself to keep the zombies from following you through it. You need something to jam it shut with.


Looking for the heavy fire extinguisher, you see that you dropped it in order to make it to the gate in time. Damn; you could have used it! That just leaves two options – sacrifice your crowbar to lockup the turnstile – or simply make a run for the stairs (hoping your injured leg will carry you through), knowing that the zombies will follow, but only just a few at a time through the confined space of the turnstile gate…


Also, you have lost your book bag and the med kit, signal flares, and proper flashlight within (though you still have the penlight on your keychain).
> You let go and make a break for the stairs (keeping your crowbar)
You deice that you need your crowbar too much to leave it behind and make a break for the stairs, letting go of the turnstile gate and running as fast as you can go with a limp.


Two zombies immediately force themselves through the turnstile gate, but the press of those behind them completely jams up the works. One zombie even gets stuck between the turnstile and gate and is slowly being crushed. As long as the zombies all continue pushing forward at once, no more will be able to get through.


Seeing this you:
> You beat the crap out of the two zombies following you with your crowbar, before going up the stairs
Normally, you could easily outrun the two staggering zombies, but the injury in your leg has slowed you down noticeably; and right now, you’re only just keeping ahead of them. You move a little ways up the stairs to gain the advantage of higher ground and wait with your crowbar to meet the two zombies climbing sluggishly up after you. The throng of angry zombies meanwhile, still tries to push through the gate after you, but is unable to pass. They glare at you with frustrated moans and snarls, flattening the trapped zombie in the process.


When the first zombie gets head level with your waist you swing for the fences and clock it in the side of the head so hard, that its ear explodes under the blow, and it is sent flying over sideways off the steps. It crashes heavily to the hard tile floor below and remains still for a moment, but then slowly begins to right itself.


The second zombie keeps coming and reaches to grab at your legs, but you anticipate such a move and backpedal up the stairs a bit more, giving you room to wind up a brutal overhead swing. Your crowbar lands on top of the nasty creature’s head so hard that its skull caves in with a cracking-splorch – and a bloody spray of teeth splatter your feet as they shoot out of what was once the awful thing’s mouth.


By this time, the first zombie has staggered back up and is heading for the stairs again. You see a long red welt raised up on the side of its head, where its ear used to be. You again raise you crowbar over your head and wait. When it gets up to you on the stairs, you kick its chest hard, sending it once more tumbling back down to the tile floor below. This time however, you hurry after it and plunge the chisel-end of your crowbar into the back of its head before it can get up again. The thing convulses violently a moment and then goes still, before you pull your crowbar out of its skull with a wet sucking sound.


You glance over at the turnstile gate, relieved to see that the agitated zombies are still jamming it up with their hapless compatriot.


Limping up the stairs to the subway’s main corridor, you see the wide concrete and tile entryway into the subway itself; and you can actually see the exit to your left, beyond a bank of narrow token-operated turnstiles. Unfortunately, a huge mass of zombies crowd the area – both in front of the turnstiles and on the other side, where the tunnel itself simply opens without walls to the outside. You stifle a gag, as the smell of blood and death is overpowering here. Looking at the floor of the main corridor, you shudder to see hundreds of ripped open and dismembered bodies lying in sticky footprint-tracked pools of maggot and fly infested blood. You force yourself to ignore the nauseating massacre and take in the more pertinent details of the scene.


Directly across from the stairway you just came up is another stairway headed back down. The sign over the stairs reads: “North Platform.” You know that this is the stairway that leads back down to the other end of the platform you just escaped. It’s a good thing zombies are stupid – or they could just turn from the turnstile gate you blocked and come right up those stairs unimpeded.


To your right, the subway’s main corridor goes another hundred or so feet and ends at another set of opposing stairs, where a much smaller group of ten or twelve zombies mill about. The signs above these stairways read: “South Platform” and “Exit Only” respectively. You know they would take you down to the subway’s southbound platform – no doubt just as zombie infested as the north platform was.


Between you and that far end of the corridor – about fifty feet away – are three sets of doors. The first door is on the opposite side of the tunnel from you and is a security door broken off the top hinges. It hangs open at an odd angle and looks bent out slightly, as if it had been forced open recently. It has a pushpin key lock in it, but doesn’t look like it can be closed anymore, and has the words: “Transit Authority: Subway Personnel Only” is written on its face.


The second door is on your side of the tunnel, just a little further down from the first. It is also a security door, closed and locked with a pushpin key lock, and reads: “Security Office” on the front. Next to the door itself is a huge smashed out window – creating a six foot wide, four foot high, opening into the security area beyond. The bloody body of a security guard hangs out of the window frame, the back half of his head apparently blown out from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Below the window frame is a scattering of broken glass and a bloody pile of corpses – some you note with huge holes in their heads as well. You also think you can see the pistol the guard must have used to blow his brains out, lying in the gore.


The final set of doors, about thirty feet further down the tunnel from the security office, are the doors to the men and women’s restrooms.


Given the circumstances, you have to rule out the exit. There is no way you’re going to be able to get through all those zombies. They would tear you apart, like all the other unfortunates that now litter the floor.


There is also no point in going back down to either subway platform. That would be suicide.


You really don’t have to go to the bathroom all that bad; so there’s no point getting trapped in a restroom. Besides, you can think of a lot more pleasant places to be killed by zombies anyway.


That leaves the broken transit authority door or the security office door (with the pistol).


Given the distance between both groups of zombies and the doors, you estimate that you can get to either door before the zombies can get to you – even if they spot you. If you can sneak undetected however, that will help even more.
> You run for the broken transit authority door
You sprint across the main corridor for the broken transit authority door, hoping to get far enough ahead of the zombies that it won’t matter that they see you – which unfortunately, they all do. With a loud clamor of wails and wheezing snarls, the massive hoard of walking dead jammed up at the at the turnstiles, notices your movement and falls forward toward you in a sudden jerky run. Damn; these ones are moving much faster than you expected!


Looking toward the smaller group of ten to twelve zombies at the other end of the corridor, you see that they too have all seen you and are now coming at you as well – lumbering forward with a clumsy gait.
> You oh shit!
You rush through the broken transit authority door and see that you are in a short hallway, leading from the broken door about thirty feet to a set of private restrooms (men and women’s) at the far end. Another corridor joins the hallway about halfway down its length on the left.


With the horde of ravenous zombies just moments behind, you move quickly to the corridor leading off the hallway and look down it to see a long corridor lit by emergency lighting. A number of office doors, some open and some closed, line each side – while what’s left of two mangled corpses litter the hallway in a splattering of gore. As you look, you see a zombie stumble out of one of the office doors to wander aimlessly down the hall away from you.


At the far end of the corridor, beyond the lone zombie with its back to you, you can also see another security door, this one intact, but also shut and secured with a pushpin key lock.


Great; you’re about to be sandwiched between the zombie ahead and the coming horde from behind – you’d better decide what to do fast…
> You take out the lone zombie with your crowbar, allowing a few moments access to the security door before the other two zombies show up behind you
You sprint right up the corridor, toward the lone zombie near the closed security door. As you come up from behind, the zombie turns to see what the commotion is and catches your heavy crowbar right across the eyes. You hit it so hard – and with the momentum of your run – that the entire front of its face folds in and both eyeballs pop right out of its head. The thing topples over in a crimson spray – and does not get back up. Looking back down the corridor behind you, you don’t yet see the following zombies, but can hear them drawing closer. You might have ten seconds – if you’re lucky.


Quickly looking at the pushpin key lock securing the door, you see that it has nine pins (zero through nine) and a turning knob. Having worked with these before, in some of the secured areas of the Summit Tower, you know that you punch in a four digit combination and then turn the knob to open the door.


Examining the pushpins themselves, you note that the ‘1’, ‘2’, and ‘9’ pins seem a bit more worn than the rest; and that the ‘9’ pin looks the most worn of all. If the wear indicates the pins used in the combination, then you’re looking at a combination using a ‘1’, ‘2’, and two ‘9’s. Being an accountant, you quickly do the math in your head – leaving you with only twelve combinations.


You try:
> You 1299
Not the right combination. You’d better hurry; time is running out!


You try:<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It seemed as if the countryside never ended. The longer the car drove along the old asphalt road, the more you began to wonder if your father was going to make you live like Laura Ingalls. The idea of moving to a small hick town was hardly your idea of 'a good childhood' as your mother put it. Rolling your eyes you crank up the volume on your ipod, drowning out the sound of yours father's old disco music playing in the car's CD player.


For some reason, your parents acted as if they didn't understand why you were upset about the move. You snorted in annoyance, realizing just how self absorbed they really were. They had yanked you out of the high school you had been planning to graduate from next year, away from all your friends, away from that boy you had just managed to get to notice you... everything!


Fuck my life, you think to yourself. 


Your little sister sits in her booster seat next to you, happily playing with her gameboy. She had cried when she had had to say goodbye to her friends, but she was only four. All she had to do was eat glue with some kid in her new kindergarten class and they would be BFFs.  You, on the otherhand, had to start from scratch and in the middle of the fucking school year!
> You bitch at your parents
Yanking one of the earbuds off your head, you lean to the side to get a view of your parents. Your father yawns and continues driving and your mother scowls out the window. It pisses you off. If they are going to be miserable, then why can't they be miserable at home?!


"Where are we moving again?" You said, but what you meant was 'fuck you, fuck you, and fuck you!'


"Daphne."


"What, like the whore chick from Scooby Doo?" You almost spit and your mom whirls around with a glare that nearly froze your blood.


"What's a whore?" Your little sister inquires, not even looking up from her gameboy.


"Wren don't say that! It's a bad word!" Your mom shrieks, making your ears ring.


"Ooooh, Lydia said a bad word, Lydia said a bad word!" Wren sing songed.


"Shut up Wren!"


"Lydia Eleanor Snow!"


Oh joy, mommy dearest used your full name. Well shit, now you're in trouble.
> You daphne
"There it is! Daphne!" Your dad exclaims half heartedly. 


"Yay, yay, Daphne!!!" Wren bounces up and down in her car seat.


Finally! You can't wait to stretch your legs as you crane your head in an attempt to see your new home. If there was a modern day Newberry like in Andy Griffith, Daphne was it. You kept waiting for Aunt Bee to waddle down the sidewalk. There were people walking along the sidewalk, going in and out of shops. At least there seemed to be an interesting in town area. But, it was no shopping mall.


If there were people your own age in this place, they were all in school. Everyone dressed as if it was still the 90's. On the plus side, you would look like Malibu Barbie compared to your class mates, but on the negative the guys probably didn't look much better. The town eventually ended into a suburban area, then continued down a gravel road.


Really? A gravel road?


The sign said Flower Street. Toto, we're not in Kansas anymore... We're in hicktown. 


 
> You pull into the driveway
Your dad pulls the SUV into the driveway of an old ranch styled house. It was painted a pale blue, but the paint was chipping down and the previous white paint showed through. It had a big screened in porch and a brick carport. The lawn was thick and green and beautiful dogwood trees grew freely around the house, blooming with their flowers.


Ok you had to admit, it looked like some movie star's country get away. It felt a little glamorous to look around at all the old georgian and ranch styled houses which dotted the road, never too close or far from each other. It was different from the cookie cutter house you had grew up in on a cul-de-sac. 


Next door was white washed fence, enclosing several fat horses. Upon seeing the furry creatures, Wren screamed in delight. Secretly, the little girl inside you squealed too. Even if they had pot-bellies, their long manes and gentle eyes were just like you had seen in books and movies. But, you had never seen a horse in person before.


The car door opened and Wren was running straight for the horses. As she climbed the fence and sat on the top rail, several of the animals came trotting towards her. They probably wanted an apple or something. 


You walked up onto the porch and opened the screen door. It screeched in protest, begging for some WD40 on its rusty hinges. Well, there would be no sneaking out through there after bedtime. The porch was big with a swing hanging off to the side. Big bay windows were next to the glass door. Reaching for the nob, you are disappointed to find it locked.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It seemed as if the countryside never ended. The longer the car drove along the old asphalt road, the more you began to wonder if your father was going to make you live like Laura Ingalls. The idea of moving to a small hick town was hardly your idea of 'a good childhood' as your mother put it. Rolling your eyes you crank up the volume on your ipod, drowning out the sound of yours father's old disco music playing in the car's CD player.


For some reason, your parents acted as if they didn't understand why you were upset about the move. You snorted in annoyance, realizing just how self absorbed they really were. They had yanked you out of the high school you had been planning to graduate from next year, away from all your friends, away from that boy you had just managed to get to notice you... everything!


Fuck my life, you think to yourself. 


Your little sister sits in her booster seat next to you, happily playing with her gameboy. She had cried when she had had to say goodbye to her friends, but she was only four. All she had to do was eat glue with some kid in her new kindergarten class and they would be BFFs.  You, on the otherhand, had to start from scratch and in the middle of the fucking school year!
> You bitch about it to your friends
You whip out your cell phone and begin to furious tap away at the keypad. The letters just won't pop up fast enough and before long you are blowing up your friends phone with a flurry of ranting text messages. Your thumb almost starts to cramp, but you keep on pressing buttons furiously. After all, you have to send the last one before your friend replies and messes up your famous last words.


OMG, I cannot believe this shit!


We are moving to bum fuck eqypt!


And Chris had just started talking to me!


Where the hell is Daphne anyway?!!


We have been driving for like ever!


And I haven't even seen another car


My dad won't turn off his disco shit and


mom keeps looking out the window like a wiped puppy


How is school without me?


Is fucking Mansleigh hitting on Chris with me gone?


Fucking bitch was always such a whore.


~~<3Lydia<3~~


You hit send and wait impatiently for your friend, Ivy, to reply. Of course it takes awhile, her being in class and all. But, still you want to know what's going on now that you're gone. What's the saying? When the cats away, the mice will play?


Beep!


Damn girl... Your life sucks :(


But, hey maybe there will be hot boys


at your new school? Those bumkin girls


won't have shit on you! You're way hot!


LMAO Mansleigh? Where do you come up with that?


But, Ya! Ansleigh totally tried to hit on Chris at lunch


But, he was like "oh shit" the whole time.


Gotta go! Third period teach is a Biotch!


Ivy<3<3<3
> You flip your phone shut
Stupid Ansleigh, the two of you have been at each others throats since middle school! Everytime you got a new outfit, she would copy it! New hair cut? Oh snap, look who just got a new do herself? She was always one step behind, but told everyone that you copied her. What a stuck up bitch?! One time she had even started a rumor that you had had sex with Eric Noles! Freaking four eyes Eric Noles! The chess club president. The king of nerd! EW!


"Are we almost there, mom?" You ask, pausing your ipod for a moment.


"Uhh, I think so. Maybe thirty minutes?"


"That's what you said a hour ago!"


"Oh just listen to Justin Bieber or whatever it is you kids listen to these days."


"Oh. My. God." Note to self, disown mother.


"Justin Bieber is so cute! I'm gonna marry him when I grow up!" Wren exclaimed, grinning over at you.


"Ew, Wren! He'll be, like, forty!"


Your little sister just stuck her tongue out. 


Please, please, please, please, please let this stupid town be close!


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It seemed as if the countryside never ended. The longer the car drove along the old asphalt road, the more you began to wonder if your father was going to make you live like Laura Ingalls. The idea of moving to a small hick town was hardly your idea of 'a good childhood' as your mother put it. Rolling your eyes you crank up the volume on your ipod, drowning out the sound of yours father's old disco music playing in the car's CD player.


For some reason, your parents acted as if they didn't understand why you were upset about the move. You snorted in annoyance, realizing just how self absorbed they really were. They had yanked you out of the high school you had been planning to graduate from next year, away from all your friends, away from that boy you had just managed to get to notice you... everything!


Fuck my life, you think to yourself. 


Your little sister sits in her booster seat next to you, happily playing with her gameboy. She had cried when she had had to say goodbye to her friends, but she was only four. All she had to do was eat glue with some kid in her new kindergarten class and they would be BFFs.  You, on the otherhand, had to start from scratch and in the middle of the fucking school year!
> You game Mechanics(info)
This game has a lot of hidden objects, secrets, and other things to uncover. What you choose to look for, and how much you find, will determine the ending. Keep in mind, just because you found the ending doesn't mean you found all the secrets ;)


Mechanics:


The Diary-You will find a diary. There are only a few pages where you must read to move on. However there are hidden chances throughout the game to read it and it may or may not give you hints about what to do next.


Time-The time variable is what will make it more difficult to find the items. You can only explore your home or in town in one go. Each time you click "Time goes by" it will subtract 5 from your time variable which begins at 100.


Locations and objects-And some of the locations therein may house a hidden location which you must then figure out how to get into. These locations will hold major evidence, but may take multiple visits to unlock. Not only that, but some objects may be more than they first seem to be. 


 
> You previous Page
It seemed as if the countryside never ended. The longer the car drove along the old asphalt road, the more you began to wonder if your father was going to make you live like Laura Ingalls. The idea of moving to a small hick town was hardly your idea of 'a good childhood' as your mother put it. Rolling your eyes you crank up the volume on your ipod, drowning out the sound of yours father's old disco music playing in the car's CD player.


For some reason, your parents acted as if they didn't understand why you were upset about the move. You snorted in annoyance, realizing just how self absorbed they really were. They had yanked you out of the high school you had been planning to graduate from next year, away from all your friends, away from that boy you had just managed to get to notice you... everything!


Fuck my life, you think to yourself. 


Your little sister sits in her booster seat next to you, happily playing with her gameboy. She had cried when she had had to say goodbye to her friends, but she was only four. All she had to do was eat glue with some kid in her new kindergarten class and they would be BFFs.  You, on the otherhand, had to start from scratch and in the middle of the fucking school year!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's a dark night, with even the moon itself dim in the sky, its light incapable of piercing the veil of darkness that hangs over you. Your heavy boots trudge along stones as you stroll up the path to the old log cabin ahead of you. A pump-action shotgun sits in your hand, a solid determination clear in each of your steps.


You survey the cabin, eyes watching for any movements ahead of you. The cabin looks run-down, and you'd have guessed it'd be abandoned if you didn't know better. The cold air prickles your face, so you grab your balaclava, pulling it up over your mouth and nose.


You reach the old wooden door at the front of the lodge. Quickly checking your safety and checking you have everything for the third time, you loosen your shoulders and take a deep breath. Raising your hand, you rap your knuckles against the door. A few moments later, you hear a raspy voice call out through the door, as an eye peers through the eye hole at you.


"Minski Kuzkin?" you ask.


"Hello?" a thick Russian voice answers.


You step back, raising your shotgun and blasting it through the door. You hear a horrified scream, and have to actively suppress any trace of empathy that peaks through. You pump your shotgun, the shell flying to the ground as you blow away the door hinges, before booting the door. You step through the door, finding a pathetic looking figure in tattered, filthy rags, blood soaking through them and pooling on the floor around him. The stench hits you then, the air so heavy with rot and pestilence that you have to gag. The man seems to be in his mid-to-late forties, although you know he's barely in his thirties. His ogre-like frame, no doubt intimidating normally, is now huddled up as he desperately tries to stem the bleeding. You stroll forward, pressing your boot against the man's neck as you aim your shotgun at his chest.


"If you have any weapons on you, it'll be a lot easier if you tell me now."


"You twisted fuck! You goddamn...!"


You pump the shotgun, a shell flying to the ground. The noise quietens Minski's complaints to a pained whimpering.


"I don't," he answers, his voice a mere whimper.


"Good," you answer, grabbing a pair of silver handcuffs from your belt. 


You grab Minski's arm, forcing them behind his back as you cuff him. He screams again as you roll him onto his stomach, but a quick knee to the head quietens him again.


You stand, taking a deep breath, your resolve in your duty strengthening.


"Wh-who are y-you?" Minski asks.


"I hunt monsters, Mr Kuzkin. Vampires, banshees, werewolves, wraiths, changelings, demons... you get the drift."


Minski lets out a cold, cruel laugh, his demeanor changing.


"Aah... I see. You've finally found me, after all these years. You've sensed my presence. You're after the demon that burns inside my soul. I've been waiting for someone like you."


You don't even bother to look at the man, instead taking a step into the lounge kitchen, your fears confirmed. At that moment, you're glad you're wearing a balaclava.


A badly burned body lies on the kitchen table, its face mutilated beyond recognition. The body's small, the victim not much older than fourteen. The smell is unbearable, filling the house. You look away, the sight burning into your retinas even after your years of doing this.


"You twisted fuck," you mutter, gritting your teeth.


You blink long and hard, trying to regain a semblance of your cold, methodical, professional demeanor, before looking down at Minksi.


"The demons tear at me, scream at me to do it! It's how you make them stop!"


You sigh, fingers dancing on the trigger as you aim it at the man's head.


"Demons are real, Mr Kuzkin, but they're rare, and they don't plague you. I thought they might've. It's why I investigated you. But you're not one of the poor souls cursed to deal with them. You're an animal. A pathetic creature so wracked with insanity and hatred that you take it out on the world. You're a mental case, an animal that needs to be put down, a... a..." you pause, looking to find the right words. "A monster." 


"No, no, they're here! They talk to me, they tell me things, they...!"


"Quiet," you say, your voice barely above a whisper, but still controlling the room.


The man's lost in his deluded fantasies, he's not worth talking to. Even though you doubted you would, you'd hoped that you could find some traces of demonic possession here, so you could help the poor man, but no, unfortunately you've only found yourself on the trail of another psychopath rather than any real supernatural presence.


"I... I didn't want to! I tried to fight them, but they wouldn't let me stop! I couldn't sleep, couldn't... couldn't eat, couldn't... I... I just..." 


The pathetic figure breaks into sobbing, as you decide what to do. A quick call to the police station, and an officer could come out here to find their job done for them, the evidence lying around the house with their suspect neatly tied up. Minski would no doubt escape with the insanity plea, where he'd be taken to an institution to see if his shattered mind could be pieced together over days and months and years and decades.... of course, with your rifle belies an easier, more just answer.
> You kill Minski Kuzkin
You tilt your head, staring down the sights of your shotgun as you still your breath. With that, you pull the trigger. The shotgun bucks, Minski's head shattering as gray brain matter and bits of skull flies across the room. You don't flinch, simply wiping off what bits of skull land upon you. The sight of death and sound of gunfire are both as familiar as old friends to you, and you shan't be spooked by their visit.


"And so ends the tale of Minski the Muscovite," you remark.


You turn, walking to the nearest bedroom, searching for the cleanest sheets you could find. Taking a pair of brown sheets from the bed, you walk back into the kitchen, where the flies are having a feast. Your eyes water, and even you can't tell if it's from the smell or the sight. Carefully laying the sheet across the body, you step back, bowing your head as a matter of respect.


"It's OK, boy. The horrors are over," you whisper.


Your job finished, you turn, heading out to your truck outside. You walk out to the old, beaten gray pick-up, your eyes peering to the back where a pair of red diesel cannisters lie. It's a struggle to know whether to use them. This deep in the woods, you could burn this whole fucking place to the ground, and destroy any evidence of what happened here. Part of you thinks that no one should have to know what happened here. The dull city of Bergen should just continue in its sweet, sweet bliss.


You'd happily burn away any memory of Minski the Muscovite, but the boy leaves a pressing question. Perhaps he deserves a right to have his tale told, to be returned home for a proper burial. And of course, his parents deserve a right to know, don't they? But, then again... perhaps it's better they don't know. Perhaps they live in eternal hope that their boy was just another runaway, or suffered an accidental death rather than the awful fate he held. No parent deserves to see their beautiful boy in the state that that boy is now.
> You inform the police of the grizzly scene
You decide it's best his parents learn what happened, no matter what. It's not use hiding the world in shadows and keeping them from knowledge. They deserve to know the cold truth. With more certainty than before, you turn to the old gray pick-up, clambering into the front seat as you start your engine. The high beams illuminate the dark track ahead of you, as you quickly do a U-turn, heading back down the path back towards the city.


Halfway through the drive back, you put in the call to the police, quickly telling them the address and telling them to send police and medical assistance. Hanging up when they ask for your name, you continue driving, trying to forget the memories of tonight. The night's still young, and you have work to do. It's not the time for weakness. 


It's a long and lonely drive, with only the darkness for company. Once you've gotten far enough from the death of the night and that chained up lunatic, you switch on your iTunes, listening to a podcast on cooking. You don't cook, nor do you ever aspire to, but something about it tends to calm you, to normalize your situation. You can almost imagine you're just a normal man for a while. 


You follow the back roads until you're long gone from the woods, at which point you can safely head back to the lodge. The current lodge is situated at an old, secluded country house, dating back to the Victorian manor. You've actually heard rumors of the manor being haunted before, and when you see it illuminated by the pale moon that's broken through the dark sky, you'd almost believe it. Of course, as a hunting lodge, it's probably about the safest place there could be in regards to the supernatural. With two dozen residents armed to the teeth and trained in fighting the creatures of the night, blessed by the holy men of more religions than you could name and with enough silver than the Queen herself had, it was as safe as could be. 


You speed up the long drive of the old house. A flashlight beam illuminates the road ahead of you and a voice yells at you to halt. You slow down, holding your hand out the window as the car stops besides a fresh-faced boy holding a hunting shotgun. He smiles when he recognizes you, a goofy looking face on a man you know to be a cold-blooded hunter. 


"Good hunting, Willy?" Sven asks in his thick Swedish accent.


"Just a fucking slasher," you say. "Bastard cut up a wee boy."


The superstitious man blesses himself, before nodding.


"Poor boy. Well done to you anyway, Willy. You righted a wrong tonight. Boss is looking for you anyway."


"The hunt never ends," you shrug. 


You drive up the long path, parking alongside the collection of pick-ups, vans, sedans and "heftier" vehicles parked outside. Pulling into your space, you step out of the car, walking into the Lodge.


Walking through the front door, you're hit by the wave of heat and light coming from the roaring fire in the fireplace, illuminating the old sitting room. You walk up to it, removing your gloves and stuffing them in your pocket, holding them out into the fire's heat to try get some warmth into your bones. Wherever the Lodge is set up, be it an old country house, a farmhouse, an apartment block, an ancient Celtic castle, a former military base or anything else there could be, there's always a fireplace there. The fireplace is the heart of the lodge, giving heat, warmth and a sense of safety to the every lodge member. There's something primordial about it, the brightness of the fire acting as a beacon of hope in the dark night of horrors.


You pause, memories flooding into your mind. You remember sitting here as a wee boy, hearing your father tell you tales and stories. The memories take hold of your mind, as you remember sitting there as clearly as you feel the heat on your face now.
> You remember your father's lessons on the history of the lodge
You embrace the memory, taking refuge in the past for a moment's rest from the laboring of the present.


Your father was a good man. A hard man, but a good one. When you sat by the fire with him, his already large, muscular frame seemed almost akin to a giant's at that early age. His thick bushy black beard was like solidified smoke drooping down from his chin. He rarely smiled, but he was far from a stern man. No, Dad smiled with his eyes. Whenever he was in a good mood, the man's eyes would shimmer with joy, a sight that could've brought joy to the most fatigued and broken of Hunters. You rarely saw him in your younger days, with his "job" taking him all around the world while you stayed in the miserably wondrous city that was Glasgow with your mother. She gave you your fiery mane, your manners, your demeanor and your think Scottish brogue, and life was easy.


When your father visited, the world seemed to change. He'd always told you that he knew you'd be a hunter from when you first stated kicking in Mum's belly. He taught you how to hunt rabbit and deer, how to fish, how to track... he taught you everything you knew. When you were a wee teen, barely hitting fourteen, Dad took you on a trip to an old manor hidden away in the Scottish hills. The men there were hard-faced and stern, but Dad told you to pay them no mind. He simply sat in front of the roaring fire, and put you on his knee, something the giant man could still do with his size even then, and told you about the Hunters.


The Hunters were born in a time where darkness, horror and superstition reigned over the land. They were simple men with no knowledge of what prowled the nights. They were plagued with mysterious killings from things beyond understanding, and they set out to stop them They soon formed groups to help fight the supernatural, and these groups grew larger and larger, establishing alliances to fight back against the greater threats, be they Vampire Covenants, Werewolf packs, Witch Covens or worse. These groups survived via funding from rich and powerful patrons who knew the threat that dwelt in the shadows as well as heavy support from the Catholic Church, who saw these creatures as demonic enemies of God.


Nowadays, things are far different from the days of men venturing into the darkest woods with torches and pitchforks. Nowadays, the Hunter Lodges had established funding from government grants, private assets controlled by the Lodges and of course, still a considerable helping hand from the Vatican, who had never stiffed in their duty against the demonic. With a flexible support network including suppliers, equipment experts, silversmiths, occultists and the ever-needed "cleaners" who made sure that no trace of this fight was revealed to the public for fear of mass panic, as well as dozens of other roles needed to ensure the survival of the Hunting Lodges, 


Dad inspired you, and when you hit sixteen, you dropped out of school and took to the Hunting Lodge. For the first two years, you worked on simple jobs, doing house work and maintenance, and doing what investigation work makes up most of a Hunter's life, tracking for traces of the supernatural. Eventually, however, you got your chance to go on a hunt when you hit eighteen, and went out with your father. A maddened Vampire Thrall, a Wight and an actual wolf with a taste for flesh all found their bodies burning on the bonfire by the next morning. With your job started, it's been your work ever since.


Dad didn't last too much longer after that. While tracking a Wendigo in the Rocky Mountains, he found out that the beast was stealthier than him, and a better hunter. His remains were found weeks after when a Hunter relief team came to find him. The Wendigo was caught and eliminated, but it had managed to kill a Hunter of twenty seven years experience and dealt your Lodge a serious blow.


At thirty four years, you've given sixteen years of your life to the cause. In that time, you've completed a dozen hunts, with this being your thirteenth. The others have pointed out that the unlucky thirteen might not be the best omen for your odds tonight, but you're not a man of superstition. You're a Hunter.


With that, you're reminded of your duty to the Lodge, and remember it's time to get going. You have a job to do. For the cause. For the Lodge. For Dad.
> You get back to work
You quickly get to work, preparing your truck for the night's next hunt. You get a few more shells for your shotgun, knowing by now what a necessity it is to carry all the ammo you can on the hunt. You fill up your truck's gas tank from the diesel cannister you've left in the truck, before getting two replacement cannisters from the house's shed. You double and triple check every detail you've got on your next target. For him, your regular shotgun shells won't do, so you replace a few shells for incendiary rounds. The beautiful thing about fire is it doesn't distinguish between psychopath or demon, monster or beast. 


As you prepare for the next target to hunt, you watch the other grim-faced, stern Hunters arrive and leave off, silently preparing for their missions. Few Hunters can deal with the horrors of mutilated corpses and brutal beasts without hiding inward, losing any joviality and become stern and determined stoics, although black humor is common among your types. A few men manage to survive their time with grins and jokes to cover up their pains, but they're few and far between. Most of the Hunters you pass just give you a nod and continue on their way, a single, thread-bare sign of support and brotherhood. It would seem cold and dark to outsiders, but to you, you know the respect that these men hold for you, and you hold for them.


Your next target of the night is a traditional Lodge target, a young vampire. The target, to your knowledge, is barely thirty years old, with only nine of those years plagued by the red thirst. That young, he should barely have a grasp of his powers, and should be easy prey. In addition, the vampire has a single Thrall, a human either so mad, so desperate for something, so lustful for power that they're willing to sell out their humanity and their very soul to a Vampire, serving them as a servant to be used for day-time work and tasks beneath their Vampiric master.


With your target set out, you head back to your truck, ready to head out and kill what's already dead.
> You head off to the take out the target
After clambering into your pick-up, you head off down the road, speeding along the streets as you head towards your target. The target house, due to the nature of what happens there, is very secluded. This means that it'll be all the easier for you to hit, as you won't have to worry about avoiding witnesses or police detection. You sure as shit don't want another police officer walking in on you mid-execution. You've dealt with it before, and things got... well, best not to let the mind dwell in the shadows. 


It's a long drive to your target, so you take the time to mentally prepare yourself, running through the plan again and again. The Vampire's secluded nature means he wakens to feed every two to three nights, before retiring to sleep. It seems the creature still struggles with fatigue, meaning he's particularly untrained in his power. He fed last night, so he should be easy prey. Kill the Thrall, and simply kill the beast in it's coffin.


You pull up far enough away from the target house so not even an awakened vampire could hear its engine rumbling or see the flickers of its light. You kill the lights and leave the engine running, just in case you need a quick get away, before stepping out of your car, grabbing your weapon and making your way up the road.


The veil of darkness that hung over the early night sky has been pulled from the sky, revealing the beauty of the stars. The moon shines bright, big and round like a light, surrounded by a billion shining stars that dot the heaves. It's stunningly beautiful, you must admit. The moon almost seems full, but you know it's not. The full moon has a tendency to alight some passion into the hearts of beasts, so the Lodge never has a hunt on those nights. However, nights lit by the moon are often the safest and brightest, so you tend to pick nights close to it. Best to have a bright sky watching over you when venturing into the shadows.


Heading towards the house, you keep the shotgun tight in your hands, ready to fire at a moment's notice, the dragon's breath rounds in the chamber. You see the lights . The thrall should be asleep, as should his master. It's nearly two, and the man's frantic work last night in capturing prey for his master should've left the exhausted bastard craving sleep. Never mind. Him being awake only heightens the challenge. As long as his master's asleep, this should be doable.


Although, if he's awake, it's out of schedule. Perhaps something's afoot, and perhaps his master is too. If that's the case, perhaps you should lean on the safer side of things.


Then again, it is the night of the hunt. Calling on back-up means depriving a Hunter from somewhere else, and that could have lasting consequences. Perhaps another team is short a member, and a Necromancer's flesh hounds get the drop on them. Perhaps a Skinwalker manages to escape the trap set for him, and hunt fresh prey in the safety of the far north, away from your reach. Either way, your actions, as always in this field, have consequences.
> You call for back-up
You retreat to the car, calling into the Lodge. They report back that they've a spare Hunter to send out, one who is only acting on stand-by. Father Paul Féval. You know the man well, and have worked with him before. The man's a representative from the Vatican, a priest even, and as adamant in following the laws of the Bible as you are in never leaving the Lodge without a spare, but the man's a professional and an experienced Hunter. The man's permanent cold, professional demeanor means you'd be hesitant to call him a "friend", but you feel it'd be disrespectful to like anything. 


You get in your car, driving back a minute away from the house just for some extra space. Once you're out there, you wait outside your car, your weapons ready in case the vampire or his thrall emerge. The wait is long, but after fifteen minutes, you see a pair of dazzling head beams approaching you. A blackened sedan seems to almost form from the shadows, pulling in behind you. 


The sedan's driver door opens, as a tall, gaunt figure with spectacles and a black jacket and pants steps out. His long, bizarrely slender fingers tap against his side as his lips turn upwards very slightly in the barest facsimile of a smile. You know it's simply a polite sign, the man's professional nature means he takes no joy in this, instead simply seeing it as his religious duty.


"William," Father Féval nods. "The Lodge informs me we're dealing with a thrall and a youth, correct?"


"Correct, Father," you nod. "But they might be up."


"Best not to take risks, William. We have enough risks inherent to our job, don't we?"


Father Féval leans into the car, pulling out a vile of holy water. He dribbles it into his hands, blessing himself, before leaning back in and grabbing a silver crucifix. He affixes it to his belt, before flipping his jacket tails back, pulling out a pair of shining pistols. He looks at them both, examining them for a moment, before nodding. 


"I'm ready and willing, William."


"Let's go."


The pair of you begin walking down the street, ready to strike. You soon come up again to the house once more, walking up the path towards the house. You know from surveillance that the house has the main entrance as well as a back door. The lounge, dining room and basement are located near the front door. The sitting positions would give anyone in there the sight of the door, but it would allow for the quickest contact. If the vampires awake, eliminating the thrall would give you far better chances against the Vampire shortly afterwards. 


"You did the ground work. Suggestions?" Father Féval says unemotionally, seeming entirely focused on the situation with no fear, dread or anticipation. 
> You go in together, through the front
"We both go through the front, take the fucker out quickly so we'll have time to get the drop on the main target. The longer we take with the thrall, the more likely that the night haunt will wake up and get the drop on one of us." 


"I understand. Best of luck, William."


"And to you, Father."


The two of you walk towards the house, weapons at the ready. Surprisingly for a vampire's lair, your surveillance has said that the house is completely lacking in any serious security measures. Locked doors and windows, sure, but they're lacking the reinforced doors, security cameras. It's a young vampire, so you're not expecting legions of Thralls protecting him or runic blood magic protecting the house, but clearly the power's gone to this creature's head. 


Striding forward to the house's wooden door, you raise your shotgun, pointing it at the lock and firing. Booting the door open with a solid kick as you pump the shotgun, the door collapses to the ground as you quickly step through, making contact with the Thrall.


The Thrall stands in the kitchen, a short, bearded man with crazed eyes and grime and dirt stuck in his beard and on his face. He shakes his head repeatedly, growling and swearing as he divides a pile of crushed and broken white crystals, no doubt a substitute between his feedings on the vampiric blood he's heavily addicted to. 


His eyes dart up to you as he growls, an animalistic sound that could only come from a beast. His blood-shot eyes bulge, as he kicks the table with incredible strength, flipping it onto its side as he dives behind it. You immediately open fire, bullets and shotgun blasts easily tearing through the table, but it was a simply distraction, and the Thrall's already ducked behind the kitchen counter.


Suddenly, you see the barrel of a gun emerge from behind the kitchen counter, as the Thrall attempts to fight back. Father Féval, however, fails to spot it, as he rushes forward. The gun's muzzle flashes and screams with the crackling of gunfire, as Father Féval collapses with a scream, smacking into the floor.


"Zut! Mes jambes!" Father Féval screams.


You look over to the man, whose right leg is now heavily bleeding and torn apart, his right thigh bleeding heavily as well as dark red blood quickly pools around the floor.


"I'm coming over!" you shout to Féval, who breathes heavily in trying to control his pain. 


"Non! Stay there, you fool! He'll get us both!"


You nod, knowing he's right. Going over to try assist Father Féval right now would be suicide, and you'd just end up with a blast of bullets to the chest. The priest's pinned down, and you need to decide what your course of action is. Retreating, as always, seems promising. The racket you're causing has no doubt awoken the vile monster you've come here to kill, and you're going to be hard-fought keeping Féval alive and yourself facing these two foes. Of course, if you can rush the Thrall from his flank and take him out quickly, you'll be able to face the Vampire one-on-one and have some chance.
> You fall back to the truck
Knowing that staying there is a slaughter and every second you spend fighting is only going to make it more likely the sound of death and smell of flesh blood is going to awaken the thrall's master, you turn, looking at Father Féval one last time as he lies there, bleeding heavily. His eyes meet yours, and he knows what you're going to do.


"God be with you, William," he says.


The man struggles to raise his arms, the strength clearly sapped for them, but nevertheless the priest opens fire with a burst of gunfire towards the Thrall, giving you your chance. You break for the door, sprinting low and fast as your shotgun swings in your hands. You leap forward with every step, quickly bursting out the front door as you sprint towards your truck.


You're running as fast as you're able, when suddenly, you get hit from the side with the strength of a truck. You're sent flying through the air before you can even realize what happens, as you skid along the cold earth and roll to a halt, feeling your now broken jaw smack into the frozen tundra. You lie there, broken and hurt, as you try to pull yourself to your feet. As soon as you put weight on your knee you're put through incredible pain and forced to do nothing but grit your teeth and bear it.


"You seem tired, Hunter," a voice says.


Your voice chills when you hear the voice, but you know it's not the time for tears. Turning your head, you find yourself staring up at a tall, deathly pale figure. It's skin seems almost entirely hairless except for the thick black hair that hangs down from its head. Its eyes, however... its blood red eyes betray an inhumanity that you'll never be able to comprehend. 


"Hello," the Vampire smiles, revealing a fanged mouth stretching from ear to ear. "And of course, goodbye."


"Fucking... blood thirsty... prick," you say, struggling to keep from collapsing to the ground. 


The Vampire strolls forward, savoring this moment, as his smile stretches further and further across his face, almost seeming to cut it in half. He lifts a polished boot into the air, placing it on your broken leg. He applies pressure, and you grit your teeth and try not to give him the satisfaction of screaming.


"A strong one. Your lodge will weep tonight. You can die quick, Hunter."


The Vampire slowly drops down to his knees, as you struggle to reach for your revolver at your side. You're far too late, though, as she grabs your head gently. You breath carefully, before he snaps your neck in a single motion. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"We both go through the front, take the fucker out quickly so we'll have time to get the drop on the main target. The longer we take with the thrall, the more likely that the night haunt will wake up and get the drop on one of us." 


"I understand. Best of luck, William."


"And to you, Father."


The two of you walk towards the house, weapons at the ready. Surprisingly for a vampire's lair, your surveillance has said that the house is completely lacking in any serious security measures. Locked doors and windows, sure, but they're lacking the reinforced doors, security cameras. It's a young vampire, so you're not expecting legions of Thralls protecting him or runic blood magic protecting the house, but clearly the power's gone to this creature's head. 


Striding forward to the house's wooden door, you raise your shotgun, pointing it at the lock and firing. Booting the door open with a solid kick as you pump the shotgun, the door collapses to the ground as you quickly step through, making contact with the Thrall.


The Thrall stands in the kitchen, a short, bearded man with crazed eyes and grime and dirt stuck in his beard and on his face. He shakes his head repeatedly, growling and swearing as he divides a pile of crushed and broken white crystals, no doubt a substitute between his feedings on the vampiric blood he's heavily addicted to. 


His eyes dart up to you as he growls, an animalistic sound that could only come from a beast. His blood-shot eyes bulge, as he kicks the table with incredible strength, flipping it onto its side as he dives behind it. You immediately open fire, bullets and shotgun blasts easily tearing through the table, but it was a simply distraction, and the Thrall's already ducked behind the kitchen counter.


Suddenly, you see the barrel of a gun emerge from behind the kitchen counter, as the Thrall attempts to fight back. Father Féval, however, fails to spot it, as he rushes forward. The gun's muzzle flashes and screams with the crackling of gunfire, as Father Féval collapses with a scream, smacking into the floor.


"Zut! Mes jambes!" Father Féval screams.


You look over to the man, whose right leg is now heavily bleeding and torn apart, his right thigh bleeding heavily as well as dark red blood quickly pools around the floor.


"I'm coming over!" you shout to Féval, who breathes heavily in trying to control his pain. 


"Non! Stay there, you fool! He'll get us both!"


You nod, knowing he's right. Going over to try assist Father Féval right now would be suicide, and you'd just end up with a blast of bullets to the chest. The priest's pinned down, and you need to decide what your course of action is. Retreating, as always, seems promising. The racket you're causing has no doubt awoken the vile monster you've come here to kill, and you're going to be hard-fought keeping Féval alive and yourself facing these two foes. Of course, if you can rush the Thrall from his flank and take him out quickly, you'll be able to face the Vampire one-on-one and have some chance.
> You push forward and take down the Thrall
You charge forward, rushing past a bleeding Father Féval and raising your shotgun into the air as you run low and fast, fingers ready on the trigger. You emerge from behind your choice of cover, rushing forward as you raise your shotgun, firing through the thrall's chest. He screams, his clothes lighting into flames as he screams, catapulted into the wall. He lets lose with his rifle, either as his twitching body pulls the trigger or in one last burst of dying energy, and bullets slam into your chest.


You feel the air knocked out of your lungs as you bounce against the wall and collapse to your knees. For a moment, you just feel a cold swelling through you as you're left unable to breathe, before the pain begins to burn its way through your chest.


Gasping for breath that won't fill your lungs as you find them filling with warm, wet, blood instead, and you're left drowning in it. You manage to pull a few strangled breaths from the air, as you stay on your knee, knowing that if you collapse you'll end up letting the darkness taken.


Then, somewhere in your struggle, you hear loud footsteps to your right. Turning your head, you find yourself staring up at a tall, deathly pale figure. It's skin seems almost entirely hairless except for the thick black hair that hangs down from its head. Its eyes, however... its blood red eyes betray an inhumanity that you'll never be able to comprehend. 


"Hello," the Vampire smiles, revealing a fanged mouth stretching from ear to ear. "And of course, goodbye."


"Fucking... blood thirsty... prick," you say, struggling to keep from collapsing to the ground. 


The Vampire slowly walks forward, it's grin stretching further and further until it seems like it should be tearing its face in two. You know he could strike far faster, but the vampire seems to be savoring his kill.


You go to your revolver, hidden at your side, grabbing the ivory handle as you attempt to draw your gun. You fumble to pull it from the safety of its holster, before the Vampire grabs his wrist, bending your arm behind your back as you scream. His jaw snaps forward, a fanged mouth tearing into your neck. You let out a scream, teeth bursting through flesh and slicing into veins. Your body weakens in the creature's grasp as it begins to drain you of your blood, and the world rapidly goes dark as blood loss takes you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You retreat to the car, calling into the Lodge. They report back that they've a spare Hunter to send out, one who is only acting on stand-by. Father Paul Féval. You know the man well, and have worked with him before. The man's a representative from the Vatican, a priest even, and as adamant in following the laws of the Bible as you are in never leaving the Lodge without a spare, but the man's a professional and an experienced Hunter. The man's permanent cold, professional demeanor means you'd be hesitant to call him a "friend", but you feel it'd be disrespectful to like anything. 


You get in your car, driving back a minute away from the house just for some extra space. Once you're out there, you wait outside your car, your weapons ready in case the vampire or his thrall emerge. The wait is long, but after fifteen minutes, you see a pair of dazzling head beams approaching you. A blackened sedan seems to almost form from the shadows, pulling in behind you. 


The sedan's driver door opens, as a tall, gaunt figure with spectacles and a black jacket and pants steps out. His long, bizarrely slender fingers tap against his side as his lips turn upwards very slightly in the barest facsimile of a smile. You know it's simply a polite sign, the man's professional nature means he takes no joy in this, instead simply seeing it as his religious duty.


"William," Father Féval nods. "The Lodge informs me we're dealing with a thrall and a youth, correct?"


"Correct, Father," you nod. "But they might be up."


"Best not to take risks, William. We have enough risks inherent to our job, don't we?"


Father Féval leans into the car, pulling out a vile of holy water. He dribbles it into his hands, blessing himself, before leaning back in and grabbing a silver crucifix. He affixes it to his belt, before flipping his jacket tails back, pulling out a pair of shining pistols. He looks at them both, examining them for a moment, before nodding. 


"I'm ready and willing, William."


"Let's go."


The pair of you begin walking down the street, ready to strike. You soon come up again to the house once more, walking up the path towards the house. You know from surveillance that the house has the main entrance as well as a back door. The lounge, dining room and basement are located near the front door. The sitting positions would give anyone in there the sight of the door, but it would allow for the quickest contact. If the vampires awake, eliminating the thrall would give you far better chances against the Vampire shortly afterwards. 


"You did the ground work. Suggestions?" Father Féval says unemotionally, seeming entirely focused on the situation with no fear, dread or anticipation. 
> You go in together, through the back
"We both go through the back, take the fucker out quickly so we'll have time to get the drop on the main target. Get the drop on the Thrall, finish him, The longer we take with the thrall, the more likely that the night haunt will wake up and get the drop on one of us." 


"I understand. Best of luck, William."


"And to you, Father."


The two of you walk towards the house, weapons at the ready. Surprisingly for a vampire's lair, your surveillance has said that the house is completely lacking in any serious security measures. Locked doors and windows, sure, but they're lacking the reinforced doors, security cameras. It's a young vampire, so you're not expecting legions of Thralls protecting him or runic blood magic protecting the house, but clearly the power's gone to this creature's head. 


Moving slowly and softly through the garden around to the back, you still your breaths and do your best to be as soundless as the shadows. You creep through the rose bushes, whose petals look almost eerily beautiful in the moonlight. The sky's light brightens your path, but also makes it harder to sneak, and you just stay low and hope that if the Thrall happens to be looking out the window, he isn't looking too hard. 


Edging around to the back, you draw close to the  wooden door. You look to Father Féval, who nods to you almost imperceptibly slowly. You move to the door, standing ready, before striking. You raise your shotgun, firing through the door's lock as you boot it open, quickly stepping through the now opened doorway and into the house.


The Thrall stands in the kitchen, his back turned to you.The Thrall is a short, bearded man, growling and shaking his head repeatedly as he divides a pile of crushed and broken white crystals, no doubt a substitute between his feedings on the vampiric blood he's heavily addicted to. The man quickly turns, his crazed, blood-shot eyes bulging at you as he sees you. 


His eyes dart up to you as he growls, an animalistic sound that could only come from a beast. With a roar, he charges for you, as you pump your shotgun and put a round into him, firing straight through the thrall's chest. He screams, his clothes lighting into flames as he screams, catapulted into the wall. He slides down the wall, screaming out in anger and pain, a noise of such intense rage that it chills you. Father Féval walks in quickly, his guns raised. He stands over the bleeding, burning man, raising his pistols to aim at his heads.


"Les flammes les plus méritées brûlent le plus chaud, pécheur. Que Dieu ait pitié de ce qui reste de votre âme misérable et trouve la miséricorde sur votre âme," Father Féval says calmly.


The two pistols fire, the Thrall's face exploding as blood and gore coats his wild hair and thick beard, his head caving in as the bullets carve their way through.


"Let's kill this Vampire and be done with this place," Father Féval says to you.


"Let's," you say, pumping your shotgun as your next shell enters the chamber.
> You take out the coffin
You quickly head down the staircase of the basement, descending into the dark basement, lit by a dim candle. You slow down as you notice the counters piled with jars filled to the brim with red liquid. A bloody metal table sits there with unopened leather straps, a series of tubing and IV's connected to it. You're certain that it's equipment to drain the blood of victims the Thrall captures, to feed his master when he doesn't wish to hunt for himself. 


However, the highlight of the room is a large, ornate coffin, leaning against a concrete wall. You've seen enough coffins in your life for any man, but this one is a fairly nice one. It's solid wood, cherry, with brass handles, sitting up on its side so its resident can sleep standing up. The face on the front of the coffin shows a grinning, gargoyle-like face made of brass, its eyes shining at you. You flinch at the sight of it, nervous about what lies behind it.


"Let's do it," Father Féval says.


You hurry up to the coffin, readying your shotgun as Father Féval takes the other side. 


"I take the chest, you take the head," you say, as Father Féval nods.


Quickly, the two of you perform the breaching mechanism. Swinging around and standing back, you quickly measure the size of the coffin and roughly calculate where the center of its heart is. You aim, your fingers tightening on the trigger as you fire the weapon, as does Father Féval.


Your shotgun bucks, firing lead and magnesium shards directly through the heavy wood of the coffin. You fire three times as the wood splinters and explodes away, your shells bursting through them as they tear through the coffin. Father Féval's rounds tear through where the head of the vampire should lie, bursting through the wood and hitting through inside. After a few seconds, the sound of gunfire calms as you look at Father Féval.


"Let us confirm the kill," Father Féval says.


Stepping forward, you grab the handle of the coffin and wretch it open, tearing open the splintered and almost destroyed door. Staring inside, you find splintered wood and torn apart coffin... but no vampire, or no ash to show a clean kill.


"That was expensive," a dark, chilling voice says. "You'll pay for that."


Your voice chills when you hear the voice, but you know it's not the time for tears. Turning your head, you find yourself staring up at a tall, deathly pale figure standing behind Father Féval, its arms wrapped around him, baring a pair of ivory daggers that descend from its upper jaw, fangs so sharp and long they could tear out Father Féval's throat in an instant. It's skin seems almost entirely hairless except for the thick black hair that hangs down from its head. Its eyes, however... its blood red eyes betray an inhumanity that you'll never be able to comprehend. 


"Don't move, or your friend gets it," the Vampire says. "Drop your weapons. Slowly."


"Shoot it!" Father Féval gasps, as the Vampire steps almost perfectly behind the priest, obscuring your shot.


Surrender isn't an option. This creature needs to die, or neither you nor Father Féval will ever get out of here.


 
> You shoot through Father Féval
You fire your shotgun straight through Father Féval's chest without a moment's pause, knowing the way of the Hunter. You're going to do what's right, not what's empathetic, and you'd expect Father Féval to blow you away in a moment in order to fight the good fight. 


However, the blast fails to completely burst through Father Féval's chest, the burning magnesium shards lacking the penetration power you require, and the few lead balls tearing their way through his flesh are simply incapable of killing a Vampire. 


Father Féval's dying corpse is tossed into you, and you shove the body aside with a yell. However, it's far too late, and the vampire rams you against the wall. His fangs tear through the air and into your throat, biting down and tearing it out of your neck with a burst of blood. You gasp for air, but only blood fills your throat and lungs as you find yourself incapable of breathing. You paw desperately at the Vampire's face as he laughs again, before dipping his face into your bleeding neck and beginning to drain your blood.


Soon, the blood loss and shock snuffs the light in your eyes, and your body goes numb.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You quickly head down the staircase of the basement, descending into the dark basement, lit by a dim candle. You slow down as you notice the counters piled with jars filled to the brim with red liquid. A bloody metal table sits there with unopened leather straps, a series of tubing and IV's connected to it. You're certain that it's equipment to drain the blood of victims the Thrall captures, to feed his master when he doesn't wish to hunt for himself. 


However, the highlight of the room is a large, ornate coffin, leaning against a concrete wall. You've seen enough coffins in your life for any man, but this one is a fairly nice one. It's solid wood, cherry, with brass handles, sitting up on its side so its resident can sleep standing up. The face on the front of the coffin shows a grinning, gargoyle-like face made of brass, its eyes shining at you. You flinch at the sight of it, nervous about what lies behind it.


"Let's do it," Father Féval says.


You hurry up to the coffin, readying your shotgun as Father Féval takes the other side. 


"I take the chest, you take the head," you say, as Father Féval nods.


Quickly, the two of you perform the breaching mechanism. Swinging around and standing back, you quickly measure the size of the coffin and roughly calculate where the center of its heart is. You aim, your fingers tightening on the trigger as you fire the weapon, as does Father Féval.


Your shotgun bucks, firing lead and magnesium shards directly through the heavy wood of the coffin. You fire three times as the wood splinters and explodes away, your shells bursting through them as they tear through the coffin. Father Féval's rounds tear through where the head of the vampire should lie, bursting through the wood and hitting through inside. After a few seconds, the sound of gunfire calms as you look at Father Féval.


"Let us confirm the kill," Father Féval says.


Stepping forward, you grab the handle of the coffin and wretch it open, tearing open the splintered and almost destroyed door. Staring inside, you find splintered wood and torn apart coffin... but no vampire, or no ash to show a clean kill.


"That was expensive," a dark, chilling voice says. "You'll pay for that."


Your voice chills when you hear the voice, but you know it's not the time for tears. Turning your head, you find yourself staring up at a tall, deathly pale figure standing behind Father Féval, its arms wrapped around him, baring a pair of ivory daggers that descend from its upper jaw, fangs so sharp and long they could tear out Father Féval's throat in an instant. It's skin seems almost entirely hairless except for the thick black hair that hangs down from its head. Its eyes, however... its blood red eyes betray an inhumanity that you'll never be able to comprehend. 


"Don't move, or your friend gets it," the Vampire says. "Drop your weapons. Slowly."


"Shoot it!" Father Féval gasps, as the Vampire steps almost perfectly behind the priest, obscuring your shot.


Surrender isn't an option. This creature needs to die, or neither you nor Father Féval will ever get out of here.


 
> You wait for a better opportunity
You stand, stern and waiting with your shotgun raised. The Vampire laughs, his fangs bared as he holds them above Father Féval's neck. Father Féval simply stands perfectly still, slowing his breathing as he stares blankly ahead, slowly mouthing "Do it".


"Come on!" the Vampire laughs, reaching his arm down and tapping on exactly where Father Féval's heart is. "Right here. Blow out your friend's heart and maybe you'll get me. You'll get rid of my shield, either way."


With the Vampire's arm having moved around to Father Féval's chest, Father Féval's hand has been released. Father Féval slowly reaches his hand down to his belt, staring ahead. He slowly lifts up his jacket, reaching under to grab the silver crucifix affixed to his belt. He slides the cross free, holding it tightly in his hands. He looks at you, nodding ever so slightly in an almost imperceptible gesture. Father Féval swings his arm back in one solid gesture, jamming the crucifix into the Vampire's eye.


The Vampire screams, a horrible rasping noise of anger and pain beyond what should come out of any human lungs, like the scraping of concrete on concrete. It grabs at the crucifix jamming into it's eye, hissing as Father Féval ducks out of his grasp, rolling to the side, giving you the perfect open target.


You raise your shotgun, aiming it at the vampire's heart. You squeeze the trigger, doing what you should. The blast of lead and burning Magnesium shards tear through the air, bursting forward and exploding through his heart, and causing his flesh and clothes to catch up in flames. He screams out in pain, forced backwards from the sheer force of impact. You pump your shotgun, firing another blast as it hits the Vampire in the head, which snaps back as his head erupts through melting flesh. You pump another, and another, and another round into him, as his inhuman body erupts into fire, flesh turning into ash as he collapses backwards against the wall, the force of the shells leaving the Vampire stumbling back as it gasps. It's flesh continues burning away to ash as the creature collapses to the ground, and soon there's nothing but an ash pile left. 


"Thanks," Father Féval nods, looking down at the ash pile that was previously about to tear out his throat. "We should burn this wretched place to the ground and get out of here. Too much of a story here if they find the blood extraction equipment."


A bright ringing noise startles you from behind, and you almost open fire in that direction as you redraw your revolver. You find yourself staring at a simple cellphone sitting on a table, vibrating and ringing away. You pause, looking at it with confusion.


"What is it?" Father Féval asks you.


"A phone," you answer, as you walk over slowly, reaching down and flipping open the phone, lifting it to your ear.


"Hello?"


"Hello, Mr Matasan."


Your blood chills for a moment, as you take a deep breath, terror ringing through you.


"And who may I be speaking to?"


"My name is Hrólfr Gaange. It's a pleasure to meet you."


"Is there something I can help you with?" you ask.


"You don't seem particularly afraid, Mr Matasan."


"Should I be, Mr Gaange?" you ask, trying to keep your calm.


"Of course not. It's just refreshing to speak to a new person without them being so terrified. Now, let's be quite frank, Mr Matasan. You killed one of my agents, and their thrall, did you not?"


"I did," you say, not wanting to waste the time that would've come from lying, since you know the creature's certain about these facts. 


"Interesting. Good. He was a weak, impulsive creature. He wasn't useful. Quite frankly, he was a threat to our existence. But you... you could be of assistance to me. You have potential. I want you to work for me." 


"No," you reply, almost instantly, prompting a dark chuckle from the bastard. 


"I understand. You've dedicated your life to protecting the innocent. But, so have I, Mr Matasan. I may be a vampire, but I do what's necessary for this world. I don't stalk through the streets at night attacking helpless women hiding in their beds. I'm not one of these crass specimens that wants to blot out the sun, or who wants to enslave mankind, or raise a legion of damned souls. I like the world the way it is. And I'm going to keep it safe from darker creatures of the night. I keep the world of darkness under wraps, as you do. I keep my dark brethren in check. I protect society. You could help me with that, and do a far better job than you do as a mortal." 


"No," you say again.


"Think about what I'm offering you. Immortality, riches, power, strength, speed, intelligence. Everything you could want." 


"I can't do that, Mr Gaange. I think you already knew that, though."


"Oh, I did. But I'm not looking to recruit you right now. I'm offering you a favor. You types never take the power offer. You don't join my side out of power-lust. You join out of desperation. A day will come when you need me. Perhaps you need some arcane knowledge. Perhaps you need money. Perhaps a cure for some unknown disease. Anything you ever need. Just... keep this phone. My number is under Mr Black. Generic, i know. When you need me, call. I can give you anything you want. And what do you lose for that? Your finite mortality, your weakness, your diseases, your poverty... a fair bargain, no."


"I'm not going to..." you begin to see, before a dark voice interupts you.


"Keep the phone. I know you don't think you'll need it, but you might. I'll talk to you sooner or later, Mr Matasan. Best of luck to you tonight. I've heard it'll be a big one."


The phone beeps as Mr Gaange hangs up on you. 


"What was it?" Father Féval asks.


"The target's vampiric master."


"What did he say?"


You pause, looking down at your phone as you try to think through what to do. You know Féval wouldn't support you taking the phone, but he doesn't have to know what was discussed.
> You take the phone
Thinking long and hard, you decide to take the phone. Perhaps it could be of some use. Maybe. Hopefully, you never have to use it, but you didn't survive this long in the field by turning away potential gifts, and you're not going to start now. Everything you can use in the fight against darkness, you will use.You slide the phone into one of your secure pockets, buttoning it up and patting it to make sure it's secure.


"Nothing important," you say. "Just threats and bullshit. I'll take the phone back to the techs and see if they can trace the call, find us a master."


"It won't work," Father Féval says. "It'll be untraceable. Vampires, especially masters, are far too clever to do things like this. Far too clever."


"I want to try," you lie.


"So be it," Father Féval answers. "Let us begin the clean-up, William. We have a lot of work to do. The techs can wait."


You nod, and the two of you quickly set apart eradicating the evidence this place ever existed. The two of you pack up the jars of blood into the truck, for disposal somewhere that won't be investigated. You also take the IV and tubing, before grabbing your fuel cans. You quickly perform the same patterns, spreading it through the house evenly enough, focusing on that you need destroyed and that which is most flammable. With the two of you, the clean-up is surprisingly quickly the two of you working quickly in silence neither one of you wants to break. Once that's done, you head out of the house and set the home alight, watching as the flames run through the house and engulf it in an inferno.


"A job well done," Father Féval nods. "One more soul sent to its judgment. We should get back. There is more work to be done. Unless you would like to watch the house burn? Pyromania is a common turn for many a man in this line of duty, no?"


You don't feel like watching the house burn, not feeling the usual satisfaction of watching a lair of darkness light the shadows as a beacon of warmth and light. You just feel tired, even more so knowing that you're not finished your work tonight.


"No, I'm fine. Let's go," you answer.


Father Féval nods, shaking your hand before returning to his sedan, and heading off into the night. You head back to your truck as well, climbing in and heading off down the road again. The drive goes by quickly, as you turn your radio up until it's almost blaring some inane Norwegian pop song, and continue off down the road. 


It's not long before you pull up to the old country house again. The signs of the night's lateness are more obvious, now. A few of the vehicles parked outside are dented or have blood smears or bullet holes, and the Hunters that walk about them seem more exhausted. You head into the house, taking a moment to appreciate the light of the fireplace. But, the night is still young, and you have targets to hit. 


You walk towards the sitting room, one of the old house's converted into a "base of operations" of sorts. Although as Hunters, you tend to work independently, only using the Lodge for resources, resupplying and rest, as well as letting them know every so often you're not dead in the long periods of investigation and tracking in trying to find the lairs and dens of beasts, and trying to distinguish psychos and fools from men tainted by the demonic, or worse. 


However, it's the night of the Hunt, that beautiful night of the year where you wipe out the monsters that dwell in the shadows in one quick sweep, not even giving the bastards time to flee or figure out what's going on. And on the night of the Hunt, sometimes you need to work together. While maddened werewolves and loner vampires are easy prey with modern technology, hard-work, training and of course the element of surprise, when the creatures of darkness work together, so must you. When that happens, you plan and prepare in the lounge. 


You walk into the lodge, finding a large table with a map stretched across it. A half dozen men stand around it, all of whom you recognize as veteran Hunters. The leader of the group is the head of the Lodge, a man known as Ernest Collier. The old man's scarred, wrinkled face smiles at you as you enter. Ernest's too old at his age to still hunt, having since lost the physical peak that Hunters are required to be at, but his mind is strong and he's well experienced. Thus, he serves the cause through leading the lodge. Everything from supplying Hunters to recruiting to planning the larger hunts falls under his purview.


"William. I heard your hunt with Father Féval went well. I'm glad. How did your earlier target go?"


"Successfully," you say simply.


The next man in the room you see is Father Féval, who nods at you once more. As always, cold and calculated.


After him stands former-Unteroffizer Hans Hirsch. The tall man has dark black hair and light eyes, his face decorated with a long scar that goes vertically just left of his left eye. He leans over the table, scanning the map. His finger gently runs across hunting paths through the thick forest as he whispers to himself. Hans is a strange man, with a taste for drink, cigars, cigarettes, whores, gambling... anything he can get his hands on. But, he's a good hunter, having served in the military of his home country and having a great record on all his previous hunts.  


The final man is an Alaskan by the name of Russel Sloane. Time has taken the black from his thick beard and the hair from his head, but left the man's strength, speed and cunning, and only given him experience and wisdom for the trade. He's a powerful Hunter, and took the shift from bears and wolves to Kushtaka and Tupilaq with ease. He smiles at you grimly when you enter, his face showing a hint of more worry than usual.


"Are we ready to start?" you ask.


"We're waiting on someone," Russel says.


As you raise an eyebrow, the door swings open and you find yourself staring down at a young boy, barely in his mid teens. 


"This is my boy Wyatt. Now that's he's a full man, we'll be taking him on tonight's hunt, showing him how we fight. I filled him in on the details."


"Pleasure to meet y'all," he smiles nervously, as you look him up and down.


He's young, short, weak and skinny. You don't think he should be coming out, but he's a man more than you would normally have for this mission, and you're not going to be telling his father how to raise his own child. 


"Take a seat, Wyatt," Ernest smiles. "We're going to go over tonight's details."


Ernest takes a seat, as you stare down at the map ahead of you, which shows you a massive woods, with several hunting paths, potential lairs and scenes of incidents highlighted.


"Let's recap for those who didn't get to hear it directly from me!" Ernest says. "There's been several mauling's in these areas, and we've had reports a werewolf pack is responsible. Not just one werewolf, but an entire pack of about six to twelve creatures. We're taking a small team in their to set up an ambush, draw them out and kill them all. The plans' simple. Take a truck into the woods with a mutilated deer carcass, slathered in human blood. The scent should draw the werewolves into your area, where you'll have set up an overview to take them out. Simple."


You all nod, the review of your plan unnecessary for everyone but Wyatt.


"We're heading off in an hour and a half. I want all of you prepared and by the truck for then, understood?"


There's a chorus of affirmatives, as Ernest smiles. 


"Good to know. Best of luck, men."
> You prepare for the night's final hunt
You head to the old house's dining room, where a large wooden table sits. It's empty, the rest of the Hunters out and about in the world. The kitchen is brimming with the light and heat that activity tends to bring. A scarred Hunter is busy working in it, cooking an extensive meal. You vaguely know her, a young Spaniard by the name of Lola Garcia. The hunter's missing three fingers on her right hand and her right eye from a Gargoyle attack, so she's on recovery and acting as the Lodge chef for the time being.


Tonight's meal, as with most Lodge meals, is very garlic heavy. Traditionally, Hunters have lots of garlic. In the old days, when the Hunters first rose up, garlic was an invaluable tool. Many monsters of the night could easily track a human via smell, so the first Hunters used garlic to disguise their scent and confuse their prey. Of course, it wasn't long before the smell of garlic became associated with Hunters, and they had to change tactic. Still, garlic is still popular among the Hunters as a meal, both to keep up the tradition and for a good luck charm. 


Tonight, the meal is potatoes, lamb and gravy, flavored with garlic. You take a bowl, returning to your seat with the rest of your squad of Hunters. While you didn't feel hungry during the night's exploits, now that the food is in front of you and you get to smell it, you feel just how hungry you are. You quickly grab your knife and fork, and begin wolfing it down. Within a minute flat, your bowl is empty, and you have to weigh up having any bit of respect from your peers against the joy you'd get from licking the bowl clean.


Afterwards, you head to the main bathroom. You shower yourself, a nice treat, washing off the dirt, sweat, blood and grime that's coated you over the night's events. Having the hot water stream over your skin has a cleansing, almost purifying effect on you. You make sure to scrub extensively, trying to wipe off any scent of your "human side" that might be lingering. Afterwards, you get dressed in your best hiking boots and what clothing you have that's warm, tough and flexible, which is admittedly pretty much everything you have. You pack up your shotgun with its shells filled with silver shards as well as a hunting dagger with a silver edge and your revolver. Making sure you have all the survival gear you need, you head out to the truck.


With twenty minutes left in the day, you move to your desk. It's laid out with your papers, your grinder, your filters and a large bag of your personal supply of Marijuana that helps you get through the darkest nights with the worst nightmares, pulling out your record player. You quickly flick through what few Vinyl you have, before going back to the one you most often return to. With (What's the Story) Morning Glory? emblazoned proudly across the top, you smile as you remember your father giving it to you for your eighteenth. Dad actually had a taste for music, and always liked them, as did you. You flip on the vinyl, setting your alarm for fifteen minutes, and sink into your desk chair as the songs play.


The next fifteen minutes is a thoughtless bliss of unforming memories, but soon, your alarm bleeps you awake, and you head out to the others. The group is assembling outside, taking a worn out pick-up. Russel and Wyatt are loading a moose carcass into the back of the truck, while Hans, Father Féval are already getting into the truck. You quickly hurry up, as Russel looks at you.


"Willy! You ready for this?"


"Always am," you nod, as Russel hands you a jar of golden liquid.


You uncap the jar, gently sprinkling the deer piss over your coat. Thanks to werewolves' naturally keen sense of smell, it's best to coat yourself in this disguise, despite how disgusting it is to you. 


"Ha! Perfect! Let's go! I'm driving up front with Frenchie and the German. You can come up front with us or sit up with Wyatt and the bait."


You look at Wyatt, who looks pale and nervous, a hunting rifle in his hands. His father is either indifferent to his son's fears or ignorant of them. Part of you wants to sit in the front where it's warm, but another part of you feels like you should comfort Wyatt.
> You take the front seat
"I'll go in the front. It's cold tonight," you say, swinging your shotgun into the front of the pick-up and clambering in next to Hans. He looks at you, a cigarette sitting between his lips.


"William," he says. "You look tired, my friend. How's hunting been?"


"Been better. Been worse," you say. "Confirmed kills, no injuries, no escapes. I've had worse days," you say.


"I hear that. Had to track down this fucking "werewolf" for two months. Found out it was nothing but a very cunning wolf. I was playing the role of a normal human hunter for two months."


The truck pulls off, barreling down the road. You lean back in your seat, the car heading deep into the woods. You rest your shotgun against your shoulder, staring out the window. It's a silent journey, with all of the veterans of the hunt being far too quiet for any inane chatter, especially before the hunt. 


It's a long, boring drive, as you watch the tress pass by, shrouded by shadow. It's a waiting game until the drop zone, as you focus on nothing at all and let your mind drift to avoid getting yourself psyched out.


"We're about fifteen minutes out from the drop soon. We debark in ten, then we hike into the target spot and set up," Russel says. "This'll be a good one, boy, don't you worry."


You stare out the window at the darkened trees, waiting patiently. Russel Sloane, perhaps nervous bringing his boy out, tries to start a conversation.


"The moon's out pretty bright tonight, isn't it, b... Shit, shit, shit!"


Suddenly, the car swerves, as you hear the recognizable sound of car tires bursting. The car slams off the road, hitting the embarkment as you find yourself momentarily free-falling. You panic, reaching for your rifle, before the world goes black.
> You consciousness fades...
You open your eyes as blurry vision returns to you. You're covered in broken glass and enveloped in darkness, but your eyes slowly begin to make sense of your surroundings. You're sitting in the truck, looking around as you hear the nearby howls of nearing werewolves. You blink, feeling a rush of pain go through your numb body. Your skin is grazed and cut up, blood running down your skin as your bruised flesh and broken bones scream out to you in pain. 


Turning your head to the side, you see that the side door is open, with Hans leaning against the door with an assault rifle in his hands. He looks around rapidly, blood dripping down his face from a large cut on his forehead.


"Guys! We have to get out of here!" he yells. "Let's go."


You look to the front of the car, where Father Féval is either dead or unconscious, while Russel is stirring from unconscious the same as you. 


Gunfire erupts out as Hans begins opening fire at the shadows. You watch as he sprays the woods with gunfire.


"We need to go! Come on!" he screams.


You reach down, trying to unbuckle your seatbelt, before you see Hans smashed from the side, a wall of fur and teeth tearing him off into the darkness as he screams. You unbuckle your seatbelt, deciding what to do. You're in a confusing situation, heavily injured, being attacked by an unknown force of werewolves. You're practically out of options.
> You grab your shotgun and open fire
You fumble for your shotgun, grabbing your weapon and sliding out of the car. You grab the car’s broken door frame, lowering yourself onto your better leg. Wincing as you prop yourself up, you raise your shotgun and aim it at the night. The darkness is alive, with figures darting in and out of the threes. You only get terrifying glimpses of blood-coated teeth glistening, fur matted with gore or claws that could rend your flesh from your bone in an instance. 


As the shadows grow closer, the light of the moon seems to retreat, letting the darkness consume the trees and what dwells with in them. You hear Hans' screaming off to the side, before it's cut silent with a sickening crunch of tearing sinew and snapping bones. Your breath catches in your throat, but it's not the time for whimpering or weakness. You raise your shotgun, firing into the night at the creatures. You blast at the trees, and one of your shots rewards you with a pained yelp from one of the creatures, causing you to grin. You continue firing, before you hear the sound of crushed glass and the thud of something heavy landing on metal behind you, shortly replaced by the low, bestial ground of your night's "prey".


You pause, hearing the noise behind you. Slowing your breathing, you know what's going to happen, and take solace knowing your time has come. Hoping you give the bastard something to remember you by, you drop to your knee, rolling to the side and firing your shotgun directly at the werewolf. Silver back burns through its fur and flesh, and it lets out a howl of pain and anger, swiping its claw as you. The blade-like claws tear through your throat, killing you instantly, but as your body collapses to the ground, you know you at least made the monster suffer.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You open your eyes as blurry vision returns to you. You're covered in broken glass and enveloped in darkness, but your eyes slowly begin to make sense of your surroundings. You're sitting in the truck, looking around as you hear the nearby howls of nearing werewolves. You blink, feeling a rush of pain go through your numb body. Your skin is grazed and cut up, blood running down your skin as your bruised flesh and broken bones scream out to you in pain. 


Turning your head to the side, you see that the side door is open, with Hans leaning against the door with an assault rifle in his hands. He looks around rapidly, blood dripping down his face from a large cut on his forehead.


"Guys! We have to get out of here!" he yells. "Let's go."


You look to the front of the car, where Father Féval is either dead or unconscious, while Russel is stirring from unconscious the same as you. 


Gunfire erupts out as Hans begins opening fire at the shadows. You watch as he sprays the woods with gunfire.


"We need to go! Come on!" he screams.


You reach down, trying to unbuckle your seatbelt, before you see Hans smashed from the side, a wall of fur and teeth tearing him off into the darkness as he screams. You unbuckle your seatbelt, deciding what to do. You're in a confusing situation, heavily injured, being attacked by an unknown force of werewolves. You're practically out of options.
> You play dead
You go limp, lying still as you feign death. You wait, gently sniffing and listening intently to try get a sense of the situation now that you're lacking a sense. You hear the howls of werewolves as they prowl among the wreckage. You stay quiet, hoping that they'll be leaving soon.


The top of the car crunches as a werewolf clambers atop it, climbing down as it sniffs in at the car. You hear a groan, before its replaced by  a horrified scream as Russel is torn apart. Then, you hear the crunch of glass as the werewolf clambers through the car's front window. There's a moment of silence, before you hear the quiet sniffing of a werewolf just inches from your face. 
> You grab your blade
You reach down, grabbing your blade and drawing it, before the werewolf's claw smashes into your shoulder, breaking your bone and crushing your flesh. The werewolf raises his claw, slashing down as he tears through your chest, rending flesh from bone in an instance.


You scream as your skin is exposed to reveal flesh, which is soon shredded off to reveal ribs and internal organs. You scream, before the shock and blood loss quickly tear you off into the eternal darkness. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You go limp, lying still as you feign death. You wait, gently sniffing and listening intently to try get a sense of the situation now that you're lacking a sense. You hear the howls of werewolves as they prowl among the wreckage. You stay quiet, hoping that they'll be leaving soon.


The top of the car crunches as a werewolf clambers atop it, climbing down as it sniffs in at the car. You hear a groan, before its replaced by  a horrified scream as Russel is torn apart. Then, you hear the crunch of glass as the werewolf clambers through the car's front window. There's a moment of silence, before you hear the quiet sniffing of a werewolf just inches from your face. 
> You continue playing dead
Staying limp, you keep your muscles from making any spasms or movements whatsoever, as the creature's massive snout keeps sniffing. It lets out a low growl, before its jaws snap forward, tearing into your throat.


You try to scream, but your throat is torn out and you find yourself drowning in your own blood. You can faintly hear a howl as darkness sucks you away, before you're gone.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You head to the old house's dining room, where a large wooden table sits. It's empty, the rest of the Hunters out and about in the world. The kitchen is brimming with the light and heat that activity tends to bring. A scarred Hunter is busy working in it, cooking an extensive meal. You vaguely know her, a young Spaniard by the name of Lola Garcia. The hunter's missing three fingers on her right hand and her right eye from a Gargoyle attack, so she's on recovery and acting as the Lodge chef for the time being.


Tonight's meal, as with most Lodge meals, is very garlic heavy. Traditionally, Hunters have lots of garlic. In the old days, when the Hunters first rose up, garlic was an invaluable tool. Many monsters of the night could easily track a human via smell, so the first Hunters used garlic to disguise their scent and confuse their prey. Of course, it wasn't long before the smell of garlic became associated with Hunters, and they had to change tactic. Still, garlic is still popular among the Hunters as a meal, both to keep up the tradition and for a good luck charm. 


Tonight, the meal is potatoes, lamb and gravy, flavored with garlic. You take a bowl, returning to your seat with the rest of your squad of Hunters. While you didn't feel hungry during the night's exploits, now that the food is in front of you and you get to smell it, you feel just how hungry you are. You quickly grab your knife and fork, and begin wolfing it down. Within a minute flat, your bowl is empty, and you have to weigh up having any bit of respect from your peers against the joy you'd get from licking the bowl clean.


Afterwards, you head to the main bathroom. You shower yourself, a nice treat, washing off the dirt, sweat, blood and grime that's coated you over the night's events. Having the hot water stream over your skin has a cleansing, almost purifying effect on you. You make sure to scrub extensively, trying to wipe off any scent of your "human side" that might be lingering. Afterwards, you get dressed in your best hiking boots and what clothing you have that's warm, tough and flexible, which is admittedly pretty much everything you have. You pack up your shotgun with its shells filled with silver shards as well as a hunting dagger with a silver edge and your revolver. Making sure you have all the survival gear you need, you head out to the truck.


With twenty minutes left in the day, you move to your desk. It's laid out with your papers, your grinder, your filters and a large bag of your personal supply of Marijuana that helps you get through the darkest nights with the worst nightmares, pulling out your record player. You quickly flick through what few Vinyl you have, before going back to the one you most often return to. With (What's the Story) Morning Glory? emblazoned proudly across the top, you smile as you remember your father giving it to you for your eighteenth. Dad actually had a taste for music, and always liked them, as did you. You flip on the vinyl, setting your alarm for fifteen minutes, and sink into your desk chair as the songs play.


The next fifteen minutes is a thoughtless bliss of unforming memories, but soon, your alarm bleeps you awake, and you head out to the others. The group is assembling outside, taking a worn out pick-up. Russel and Wyatt are loading a moose carcass into the back of the truck, while Hans, Father Féval are already getting into the truck. You quickly hurry up, as Russel looks at you.


"Willy! You ready for this?"


"Always am," you nod, as Russel hands you a jar of golden liquid.


You uncap the jar, gently sprinkling the deer piss over your coat. Thanks to werewolves' naturally keen sense of smell, it's best to coat yourself in this disguise, despite how disgusting it is to you. 


"Ha! Perfect! Let's go! I'm driving up front with Frenchie and the German. You can come up front with us or sit up with Wyatt and the bait."


You look at Wyatt, who looks pale and nervous, a hunting rifle in his hands. His father is either indifferent to his son's fears or ignorant of them. Part of you wants to sit in the front where it's warm, but another part of you feels like you should comfort Wyatt.
> You get in the back with Wyatt and the bait
"I'll take the back," you say. "Cabin's just going to stink of deer piss anyway."


"Suit yourself," Russel says.


You walk over to the boot of the truck, clambering in. You step over the deer carcass, sitting down next to the young boy, who stares at you.


"Hello," the boy says, extending a hand to you. "My name's Wyatt."


"William," you say, shaking his hands.


"Alright, moving off! Let's go!" Russel shouts, the truck heading off the road. 


You relax, leaning back and resting your head against the metal back of the truck. You lean your head over, looking at Wyat..


"Scared?" you ask.


Wyatt quickly shakes his head.


"No. No, I'm not."


"I was. My first hunt, I nearly shit myself. Threw up in the bushes from worry, sharpened my knives so much they were almost useless and, if I'm honest, nearly blew off my dad's head when he came to get me. You feel a bit like that?"


Wyatt smiles weakly at you.


"I'm a little scared," the boy admits. "I've hunted deer, wolves, even, but this is a whole different level."  


"You should be scared. Fear keeps us alive. Fear is what holds us together."


Wyatt nods as if you've said something profound, but you're half sure he's barely listening as he tries not to piss himself.


The truck pulls off, barreling down the road. You lean back, the truck heading deep into the woods. Your shotgun feels heavy on your shoulder, shaking your head to free it of any sleepiness. It's a silent journey, you not being the type for any inane chatter, especially before the hunt and since Wyatt's trying to keep from puking, a chat seems unlikely.


It's a long, boring drive. You watch the trees pass by, shrouded by shadow. It's a waiting game until the drop zone, as always. You focus on nothing at all and let your mind drift to avoid getting yourself psyched out.


Suddenly,  you feel yourself slam against the side of the truck as the car swerves. There's the sound of tires bursting as you're catapulted up, hands grabbing for your shotgun. The car slams off the road, hitting the embarkment as you find yourself momentarily free-falling, flying out of the back of the truck. You let out a terrified scream, flying through the air, before the world goes black.
> You consciousness fades...
You open your eyes as blurry vision returns to you. You're surrounded by dirt and darkness, but your eyes slowly begin to make sense of your surroundings. You're lying on the cold dirt, next to the road you were just driving along. You blink, feeling a rush of pain go through your numb body. Your skin is grazed and cut up and your flesh bruised, but you don't seem to be in too bad a condition. Certainly capable of walking and fighting.


You force yourself to one knee, your eyes quickly adjusting to the darkness. Your is shotgun lying close by you, and feel a breath of relief. You stand cautiously, checking to make sure nothing's broken one more time, before grabbing your shotgun. After making sure it's still loaded, before surveying the situation.


The trees to the side of the road are broken and crushed indicating where the truck must've gone off the road and down into the ravine below. Your eyes are slow to notice it due to it's black paint, but you see a pair of spike strips lying across the road. You stare at them in amazement for a moment, fingers clenched on your weapon.


This doesn't make sense. Werewolves never take human servants, and they're not tool users when transformed. They wouldn't put the spike strips down... unless they knew you were coming... and prepared beforehand. 


FUCK! This shitshow's about to get a lot worse. You're dealing with a worse enemy than a pack of maddened werewolves.


Struggling to the edge of the road, you stare down the steep ravine to where the truck lies. It's heavily crushed and damaged, beyond repair. You can hear screams down there, indicating that there's survivors. You doubt any of them are in any condition to defend yourself. But looking down at your current condition, you stand a chance. 
> You head down and rescue your team mates
You have to protect your companions, and get them out of there. You can't leave them behind. You hold your shotgun tightly in your hands, before moving forward and darting down the decline. You slide down on your boots, hurrying down as fast as you can. You almost fall into a tumble, but manage to steady yourself, finding yourself on the ground near the wreckage.


You look to the truck, and you can see a mutilated corpse strapped into the driver's seat, and realize Russel didn't even get out of the car. The screams off deeper into the woods don't give you hope for the fate of the others.


"Stay back! Stay back!" a young, terrified voice screams from behind the wreckage.


Swearing, you burst forward, your gun held tightly in your hands. Rushing around the roasting bonfire, you find Wyatt, collapsed on his back, desperately trying to shuffle backwards.


Standing in front of him is a bestial creature you've faced many times before. A werewolf. The creature stands with black and gray fur matted with the gore of a previous kill. The creature growls, revealing a row of vicious teeth that could easily tear through a man. 


Your instincts kick in, and you drop to your knee, raising your gun and opening fire. The gun bucks, silver bursting forward and tearing through the werewolf's flesh. The creature howls, as you fire another shot, blowing the creature's head off as its body crumples. You watch as the lupine body begins to morph, shedding air and twisting as it turns into a naked, bloody human corpse, its head completely missing.


"Oh Jesus, oh Jesus! William, they got my dad. They tore him up, and they took Hans off into the woods! Shit, we have to go help him! We have to go save them!"


You hear a loud howl, looking over to see a trio of werewolves appearing out of the woods. At the front, a large creature with frost white hair and pink eyes. The creature begins prowling towards you, its jaws open as it licks its lips. The creature lets out a growl, as the other two werewolves pause, holding back as the creature approaches you. Clearly this one's a leader of some sort, and it wants to take you down by itself as some fucked up pursuit of honor or to show its pack mates its prowess. 


You don't have time to think. It's time to act.
> You hold the beast off while Wyatt escapes
You raise your shotgun, firing at the Albino as it charges towards you. The silver shards fly forward, but the creature rolls to the side to avoid the shot, before leaping forward. The Albino tackles you, knocking your weapon aside as it flies through the air. The beast slams into you, tackling you and sending you smashing into the earth. The werewolf's weight lands atop you. Its jaws snap down, tearing through your flesh as it bites into your shoulder. You scream, the Albino gulping down your hot blood and flesh.


The Albino pulls its head up, releasing your torn flesh from its jaws, before looking down at you, your own blood dripping from its jaws onto your chest. It looks at you for a moment with an almost curious expression, tilting its head.


"Come on! Fucking kill me! Kill me, you fucking bastard!" you growl. "Finish me off!"


The Albino looks down at you for a second more, before turning. The Albino looks to its two pack-mates, before howling into the moon. As if answering the creature's call, the two werewolves burst off into the woods after Wyatt. The creature stares back at you for a moment with its blood red eyes, its tooth-filled mouth almost seeming to grin at you for a moment, before the creature bounds off into the woods. 


You lie there, bleeding onto the earth as you try to think. The werewolves are acting with high intelligence, even for werewolves. They laid an ambush. They figured out when he hunt was happening, what your paths were and when you'd be coming. They laid out spike strips, so this isn't just the bestial monsters within coming out, they were planning this in their human forms as well.


You don't know what's happening, but you know that this is just the start. These monsters have a terrible plan that you can't just let happen.


A wave of darkness hits you, and for a moment, you feel like sinking into the ground. You try to fight it, but part of you wants to lie there and embrace the peaceful darkness.
> You wait for death
You lie across the dirt, blood wetting the soil as it turns to mud. The darkness slowly grows at the edge of your vision, moving forward as it engulfs your sight, and you find yourself pulled into the darkness. 


Suddenly, the pain bursts through you as you begin shuddering in pain. You begin to scream, a sound which shifts into a pained howl of anguish. You can feel your body twisting and breaking, bones snapping and reforming as your limbs are stretched out longer and harder, your body shifting and reforming rapidly. Your face tears apart as it grows and reforms into a snout, as your teeth begin breaking and reforming. The hair rapidly bursts through your skin as it rapidly grows, coating your broken and reforged body into that of a werewolf. The pain tears at your mind and soul, and you're unable to focus on anything other than your instinct to escape it.


Slowly, the pain begins to subside, but you find your mind incapable of reforming, still incapable of focusing in any regard. You shake your head with a growl, feeling the air blow through your fur, the smell of nearby prey, the crunching of soil under your paws. But most importantly, you feel the powerful call of the moon above you. 


Yes... that's it. It calls. Suddenly, instinct takes over, and you find yourself sprinting through the woods, howling into the sky.


An array of howls answer back, and you follow the call.
> The Call of the Moon
The Call of the Moon


You find yourself standing with your brothers, two dozen werewolves standing around the Alpha, howling towards the sky. The energy is ecstatic, running through the group as the Alpha answers your calls with a roar so ferocious and powerful that you're left in awe. This is your time! Fenrir calls! It is hunting time!


War. Victory. Power. Blood. Hate. Anger! Hunger! Feed! HUNT! KILL! EAT!


The Alpha pauses for a moment, as a still runs across the pack. Its eyes lower from the bright, powerful moon, and towards the direction of the humans. You look towards that direction, and can sense what lies that way. 


Noise. Smell. Smoke. Lights. Humans! Flesh! HUNT! KILL! EAT!


The Alpha howls, tearing off into the forest to lead the nights hunt. Answering his call with an answer of your own, you follow after.


Now, it is the time of the beast.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You raise your shotgun, firing at the Albino as it charges towards you. The silver shards fly forward, but the creature rolls to the side to avoid the shot, before leaping forward. The Albino tackles you, knocking your weapon aside as it flies through the air. The beast slams into you, tackling you and sending you smashing into the earth. The werewolf's weight lands atop you. Its jaws snap down, tearing through your flesh as it bites into your shoulder. You scream, the Albino gulping down your hot blood and flesh.


The Albino pulls its head up, releasing your torn flesh from its jaws, before looking down at you, your own blood dripping from its jaws onto your chest. It looks at you for a moment with an almost curious expression, tilting its head.


"Come on! Fucking kill me! Kill me, you fucking bastard!" you growl. "Finish me off!"


The Albino looks down at you for a second more, before turning. The Albino looks to its two pack-mates, before howling into the moon. As if answering the creature's call, the two werewolves burst off into the woods after Wyatt. The creature stares back at you for a moment with its blood red eyes, its tooth-filled mouth almost seeming to grin at you for a moment, before the creature bounds off into the woods. 


You lie there, bleeding onto the earth as you try to think. The werewolves are acting with high intelligence, even for werewolves. They laid an ambush. They figured out when he hunt was happening, what your paths were and when you'd be coming. They laid out spike strips, so this isn't just the bestial monsters within coming out, they were planning this in their human forms as well.


You don't know what's happening, but you know that this is just the start. These monsters have a terrible plan that you can't just let happen.


A wave of darkness hits you, and for a moment, you feel like sinking into the ground. You try to fight it, but part of you wants to lie there and embrace the peaceful darkness.
> You crawl over to the radio to call the Lodge
You find yourself crawling desperately towards the smashed up car wreck, reaching forward and dragging yourself along the ground. You manage to pull yourself to a kneeling position, before standing cautiously. You take a step forward, trying not to focus on the brutal pain in your shoulder. You slowly move towards the truck before stumbling, leaning against it as you groan in pain. Resting on the cold metal bonnet, you gasp for breath.


"William. You made it," a voice groans from the wreckage. 


You pause, grabbing your shotgun, before finding yourself staring at Father Féval's broken but still living body. The man is still buckled into the car wreckage, his face bloody from a cut on his forehead, his side looking like it's been completely chewed up by the werewolves. His expression is as emotionless as always, but there's a trace of weariness in his eyes. 


"Father Féval!" you say, exuberant to know you're not alone in these dark woods.


"They ate you up pretty well, William" Father Féval says, his accent thickening as his eyes grow weary. "We've both been bit, it seems. If we survive much longer, we're going to become just like them. The beast is within us, and it will take over soon. We should embrace the end and go into it peacefully."


"No! We need to radio the lodge!"


Father Féval nods down to where the radio sat, and you see it's been smashed up. The radio's been torn out, its plastic case shattered and its internal wiring shredded. Clearly, the werewolves knew what they were looking for, and targeted this specifically.


"I'm sorry, William. That's not really an option anymore. It's time to face our end."


"We can't let them get away with this! This werewolf pack isn't a group of psychopathic killers, they're worse. They're a planning, thinking, growing group. We can't just give up and off ourselves!"


"William, your adrenaline's pumping and your mind is desperate, but we're not escaping here. Either we die here, or the beast within takes over!"


"Fuck that! We have to do something! We have time before we turn! We can get help, contact the others and tell them what happened, and then we can off ourselves! But we can't do it yet!"


Father Féval raises his pistols, pointing them at you.


"We live by a code, William. If you're not going to go peacefully into the night, I am going to take you into it," the Catholic Priest says coldly. 
> You defend yourself and open fire
You raise your shotgun as Father Féval fires his two pistols. The shotgun fire hits Father Féval, his chest exploding in a burst of blood and guts, his body going limp. Father Féval's bullets slam into your chest as the air is knocked out of your lungs. You collapse onto your back, blood spurting onto the ground around you as you gasp for breath. For a moment, you just feel a cold swelling through you as you're left unable to breathe, before the pain begins to burn its way through your chest. The pain rapidly begins to fade, as the world starts going dark, the pain being replaced by a brutal numbness. 


Suddenly, the pain bursts through you as you begin shuddering in pain. You begin to scream, a sound which shifts into a pained howl of anguish. You can feel your body twisting and breaking, bones snapping and reforming as your limbs are stretched out longer and harder, your body shifting rapidly. Your face tears apart as it grows and twists into a snout, as your teeth begin breaking and mending. The hair rapidly bursts through your skin as it rapidly grows, coating your broken and reforged body into that of a werewolf. The pain tears at your mind and soul, and you're unable to focus on anything other than your instinct to escape it.


Slowly, the pain begins to subside, but you find your mind incapable of reforming, still incapable of focusing in any regard. You feel the air blow through your fur, the smell of nearby prey, the crunching of soil under your paws. However, you feel your chest burning in pain. You feel like you have bits of burning hot coal inside your chest, but you ignore the pain. With a snarl and a shake of your head, you focus on the moment and endure it.


Your ears flick as you hear a group of howls deep in the woods. Yes... that's it. Your brethren. Find them. Instinct takes over, and you find yourself sprinting through the woods, howling into the sky.
> The Hunt!
You sprint through the woods, eyes scanning the trees. The smell of blood fills your nostrils as the hunger in your stomach threatens to grow so large that it'll consume you. Your ears perk as you hear the sound of branches cracking nearby, and you quickly find the source.


Prey. Food. Flesh! Hunger! KILL! FEED!


You ignore the pain running through your belly that screams at you to feed, and you ignore the burning pain that erupts from your chest, the same burning pain that you can't quench, the hot coals seeming to burn without ever cooling. The hunger fills your belly, as you roar and scream towards the sky, instinct causing you to focus in on the prey ahead of you. Its eyes swivel as it notices you, and it darts off into the forest. 
> You kILL!
You burst forward, sprinting ahead as you hurry through the forest after the creature. You're far faster than that, and you find yourself on its tail, growing closer and closer. You rapidly follow the animal, growling with hunger as you get closer and closer to your meal. Its sprint is wonky, at least one of its four legs seems to be hurt, which means that it doesn't have a chance to escape you. You keep close on its tail, though it manages to keep slightly ahead of you. It doesn't matter. All you need is one mistake.


The creature stumbles, giving you the chance you need. You pounce forward, tackling the animal as you send it slamming into the earth, pinning it to the ground. You bare your teeth, jaws darting forward as you land your jaws on the its neck, tearing through it with ease. You pull back, tearing out the its throat as a wave of blood flows free. The creature spasms in its death throes, before going still. 


BLOOD! HUNGER! FEED! 
> You fEED!
You jam your head into the corpse of your prey, tearing off mouthfuls of flesh as you lift your head and gulp down the flesh. You begin drinking down warm blood, feeling the thick liquid coating the inside of your mouth and throat as you enjoy the delicious meal. You tear through the prey's chest, pulling ribs aside to get to the delicious insides, allowing you to scoff down as much meat as you can fit in your mouth with every bite.


However, pain distracts you from your meal for a moment, as you feel the burning in your chest rapidly get worse. Your blood is beginning to feel like its boiling as your nerves are set alight. However, this pain does nothing to distract you from the terrible hunger that runs through your body.
> You ignore the pain! FEED!
You ignore the burning pain, jamming your body further into the corpse as you feed, wolfing down mouthfuls of flesh and steaming blood. You continue devouring, flesh, intestines, lungs and other organs. You soon find yourself chewing at little more than bloody bones, having devoured the entire carcass with ease. You lick your lips, tasting the blood of your kill on your tongue, your nostrils filled with the pungent and delectable smell of your last meal.


Your belly full, you lift your head into the hair and howl. Soon, an array of howls answer you, deeper into the forest. With a bestial smile, you burst off into the forest, ready to meet your brothers.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You jam your head into the corpse of your prey, tearing off mouthfuls of flesh as you lift your head and gulp down the flesh. You begin drinking down warm blood, feeling the thick liquid coating the inside of your mouth and throat as you enjoy the delicious meal. You tear through the prey's chest, pulling ribs aside to get to the delicious insides, allowing you to scoff down as much meat as you can fit in your mouth with every bite.


However, pain distracts you from your meal for a moment, as you feel the burning in your chest rapidly get worse. Your blood is beginning to feel like its boiling as your nerves are set alight. However, this pain does nothing to distract you from the terrible hunger that runs through your body.
> You focus on the pain
You focus on the pain, feeling the burning sensation as your blood boils, your fur burns, your bones melt. It begins consuming you, letting out a pitiful howl that turns into a scream of horror. Your body starts shaking, tufts of fur start peeling off with strips of skin as you spasm. You smack your head against the cold ground as bones break and reform, as your body shifts and buckles and pain races through your flesh. You scream for help, a pitiful, desperate noise, as your fingernails begin to tear at your skin in a desperate attempt to stop your body from aching. Soon, you find yourself naked and sobbing, lying there in your human form once more.


For a second, you're dazed, the only sense that you can feel being the feeling of the cold of the night on your numb, bare skin. Then, the waves of sensation begin hitting you. First, the pungent smell of freshly carved up meat lying in front of you. Then, the soft gurgling of a dying creature. Then, the taste of flesh and blood that sits in your mouth, and the feeling of warm blood coating your face and throat, backed with the burning in your chest. You look down, and find yourself staring at what, minutes ago, was your prey.


The creature underneath you, your "prey", is a young fawn, barely a month or two old. It's stomach has been torn open, half its intestines torn clean out and the remaining half hanging out of its wound. The creature looks up at you with a pair of large brown eyes, staring at you innocently for a moment, as if confused as what's happening, the cold reality of its situation not yet dawning upon it.


You vomit, chunks of raw meat and blood-tinged puke spewing out onto the ground. You begin sobbing, staring down at the dying deer, its mouth moving slowly, almost as if its trying to say something. The creature gives you one final look, before lowering its head against the cold earth as the light behind its eye is snuffed out.


You stare at the fawn, trying to comprehend what happened. Its flesh is torn apart... looking so delicious. You feel the hunger returning for a moment. No! Fuck, it's raw flesh, and you're looking at it like it's a steak dinner! Jesus, what is wrong with you? 


The burning in your chest intensifies, as you find yourself curled up in the fetal position. You're stuck between weeping and growling aggressively, your mind racing and shifting. You find your skin rapidly growing and losing hair, your muscles tearing and reforming rapidly as your body shakes and spasms violently. 


You lie there for what feels like hours, trying to contemplate how you're feeling. Your body is wracked with pain, your mind struggling to find focus as you're filled with endless, ever-conflicting urges to run, to stay, to live, to die, to feed, to puke... it's hellish. 


You lie there, shivering. Your skin feels cold while you still sweat like a pig. Then, you hear a growl.


You pull yourself up, looking around to find yourself staring at a dozen werewolves, prowling out of the trees to approach you, with the large Albino from earlier at the head of them. It slowly approaches, looking at you. The creatures seem to be lacking the usual aggressiveness werewolves have. They approach slowly, staring at you with inquisitive eyes. 


"You! You fucking bastard!" you yell at the Albino.


The Albino lets out a rumbling growl, before a loud bark quietens him. The Albino steps aside, as a new werewolf emerges from the trees and takes the lead. 


The creature has long black fur, its left eye a ragged mess of scars, its right eye focused on you. The creature growls slowly, its eye fixed on you, its facial muscles moving, its ears twitching, its body moving... its almost as if its speaking to you, in some bestial language of body language, rumblings and something supernatural. The beast within you seems to understand, and somewhere in the back of your subconscious you understand him, a deep, beast-like voice talking in your head.


"The transformation isn't complete," the one-eyed werewolf "says".


"You... I can understand you," you say.


"You must have an incredibly strong will to resist the change, little one." 


One-Eye moves closer, prowling forward slowly, before sniffing. The creature winces, snarling.


"No... not willpower. Silver. You have silver in your veins. In your chest. Burning the beast within. Subduing it. It's going to take you a little longer for the transformation to be complete. Just fight the pain. Ignore it. Embrace the beast. Then, you can join our ranks."


"Fuck you," you say, letting out a moan of pain as your body contorts yet again. 


"You're very lucky, human. Most of my brothers and sisters would've killed you. You've only been bit. You'll have the chance to join us. The time of the beast is coming, little one. Your kind destroy the forests we dwell in, drive our prey extinct, poison the air and waters, and walk around as lords of the land, not remembering that you... are a prey creature."


The other werewolves let out an array of angry growls.


"Tomorrow night, in the light of the full moon, we strike. We hit the humans, converting those we can to our cause. We will hit the power stations, the cell towers, the Hunter's Lodges... we will drive your kin back to being the prey animals you are."


"We won't let you bastards win," you snarl.


"You'll be one of us bastards soon enough. Come on, brothers and sisters, let's leave this poor fool to turn in his own times."


You watch as the werewolves retreat into the forest once more, leaving you alone. You lie there, trying to regain enough of your mind to get up.


You need to stop these creatures. Their plan is going to kill massive amounts of people, and do immeasurable harm. They're unlike other Werewolves, who are poor men plagued to be psychopathic killers. These creatures have a plan, and are determined to follow it as both humans and wolves. You need to take them down while you have the chance.
> You try to focus...
You slow your breathing, focusing on the pain in your chest. You raise your head, wiping the puke and blood from your face as you try to ignore the hunger in your belly. You wince, trying to ignore the desires of the beast within, telling you to run, to hunt, to feed, to howl. You shake your head violently, trying to focus, as you take up a kneeling position. The cold wind chills your bones and gives you goosebumps, and 


"You look to be in a bad state, friend," a voice says. 


You look up, finding yourself staring up at a a young, grinning man with curly black hair and a thick beard. His eyes are red and puffing, and seem to be somewhat burned. His jacket is patch-work, made of many stitched up patches of various colors, with the rest of his outfit being suitably gauche in its coloring to accentuate the man's weird look. He looks down at you, smiling. 


"You're either very hungover, or old Fenrir got his claws into you."


"Who are you?" you ask weakly. "I'm getting really shit sick of having people walk up to me."


"Oh, a fool, little else," the man smiles. "You look cold. I have a spare set of clothes, if you want."


Cautious, you nod slowly, as the man pulls of his backpack, opening it. You pause, noticing the stock of your shotgun sticking out of the bag. The Fool tosses you a set of boots, underwear, an undershirt, socks, pants, t-shirt and a coat. Staring at him, you hurry to get dressed, as the Fool hums a song to himself. When you're finished, you look to the bag. The Fool notices what you're looking at, smiling.


"That's my weapon."


"Finders keepers, losers weepers, old Willy, old boy," the man shrugs.


You pause, trying to calculate the chances of you grabbing your weapon before he can.


"I didn't tell you my name," you say softly.


"You didn't tell me my name either, but I know that," the Fool shrugs. 


The Fool grabs the shotgun, pulling it out and holding it in his hands, running his hands along the barrel. He pauses, digging through his pockets for a moment, before pulling out a golden coin.


"Tell you what. I'll flip you for it. You call it, you get your gun back. You don't, I'll put you out of your misery and stop you from completely turning. Agreed?"


You consider lunging at the man, but he lowers the barrel of the shotgun, anticipating your move. His grin widens, revealing more and more shiny teeth. 


"Agreed", you say.


"Perfect!" the Fool grins. "Call it in the air, Willy."


The man flips the coin, watching it spin in the air.
> You heads
"Heads!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"
> A Hunter
"You're... you're a Hunter, right? You must be."


"Unfortunately, no. You're out alone in these woods tonight. Well, I best be off. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy. Best of luck."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.
> You head off towards the smoke
You slowly begin walking in the direction of the smoke, keeping your mind on the burning pain in your chest. Your bullet holes and bite mark have already scabbed and scarred over, no doubt from the healing abilities the beast within has granted you. Still, the silver burns just as harshly, like flames trapped in your chest. It's a struggle trying to focus on the pain, to let it consume you and drive you into a violent psychosis, but you have no alternative. Whenever you try to ignore the pain, you can feel the monstrous urges return. The unending hunger, the desire to break free, the need to howl up at the sky, the lust for the power of the wild... you keep focused, and the burning pain continues.


As you walk, you notice just how tight your clothes feel on you. No, not tight. Surprisingly, they seem to fit you perfectly, by whatever abilities of the Patchwork Man. They're not tight. They're constrictive. You want to tear them off, to feel the wind on your fur and to tear off into the night. You want to taste flesh and blood, to feel the dirt shift under your paws. You want to answer the call of the moon.


You shake your head roughly, growling as you tighten your grip on the shotgun. The cool metal reminds you of who you are. A Hunter. 


It's a long distance of angered, confused walking, but you soon see lights emerge from the darkness. Not the passionate burning of flames, but the synthetic light of bulbs. You take up a crouching position, slowly sneaking up to where the trees give way to a clearing.


A large wooden cabin sits in the center of the clearing, surrounded by bright lights that give light to the cabin. Standing at the edge of the lights, holding a semi-automatic rifle, is a human. The man has a thick beard reaching his chest and long, tangled hair. His arms are covered with tattoos, depicting old Nordic runes and wolf symbols. Interesting. He must be the werewolf-equivalent of a Thrall. You've never heard of such a thing, seeing as werewolves are usually too stupid and bestial to have human servants, but the werewolves you've seen tonight are definitely smart enough to have them.


The Wolf Servant seems to be guarding the cabin, which has light plumes of smoke drifting up from its chimney. He hasn't noticed you, and seems to the only guard in sight. You need to take him out to get inside.
> You sneak up on him
You slowly edge towards the figure, moving slow and low through the darkness as you come up behind the guard. You feet move softly over the dirt and grass, as you rapidly approach the figure. As you near him, you see the servant's head twitch as he hears you, before you swing your shotgun, smashing the butt of the weapon into the man's head. He sinks to the ground with a grunt, before you raise your shotgun, smashing it into his head again, and again, and again, and again!


KILL! BREAK! SHATTER! SLAUGHTER! FEED! EAT...!


You stop yourself, looking down on the shattered skull beneath you, completely crushed. Gray brain matter and blood have spilled onto the ground, and you find yourself feeling sick as you look at what you've done.


"Come on, come on, you can do this," you growl to yourself.


You stand up, and jog ahead at a steady pace, shotgun in your hands. Staring through the shadows with unnatural sight, you spot another guard on the opposite side of the cabin, dressed in denim jeans and little else. He notices you as he raises his submachine gun, but you're faster, aiming your shotgun and firing your weapon. The scattering pellets smash into the guard and knock him from his feet, smacking into the ground. 


Shit. Two guards down, but you've been forced to go loud. Quickly scanning the surroundings and seeing no other guards, it's time to quickly take over the cabin.
> You charge in through the door
You move to the door of the cabin, ready to perform the door breaching actions you've done countless times before. Raising your shotgun, you fire twice, blowing out the door's hinges, before booting the door open.


As you rush in, weapon raised, you find a hatchet blade swinging at you far faster than you can dodge. The weapon slices into your throat, knocking you off your feet as you hit the ground with a thud, blood tearing out of the tear in your throat. A gun barrel is pointed at your chest, and in a quick few seconds there's a short flash and a long, long darkness.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slowly edge towards the figure, moving slow and low through the darkness as you come up behind the guard. You feet move softly over the dirt and grass, as you rapidly approach the figure. As you near him, you see the servant's head twitch as he hears you, before you swing your shotgun, smashing the butt of the weapon into the man's head. He sinks to the ground with a grunt, before you raise your shotgun, smashing it into his head again, and again, and again, and again!


KILL! BREAK! SHATTER! SLAUGHTER! FEED! EAT...!


You stop yourself, looking down on the shattered skull beneath you, completely crushed. Gray brain matter and blood have spilled onto the ground, and you find yourself feeling sick as you look at what you've done.


"Come on, come on, you can do this," you growl to yourself.


You stand up, and jog ahead at a steady pace, shotgun in your hands. Staring through the shadows with unnatural sight, you spot another guard on the opposite side of the cabin, dressed in denim jeans and little else. He notices you as he raises his submachine gun, but you're faster, aiming your shotgun and firing your weapon. The scattering pellets smash into the guard and knock him from his feet, smacking into the ground. 


Shit. Two guards down, but you've been forced to go loud. Quickly scanning the surroundings and seeing no other guards, it's time to quickly take over the cabin.
> You break the window and open fire on those inside
You move to the cabin's window, feeling yourself swell with an animalistic energy. You swing your shotgun like a club, smashing through the window frame as it flies inwards with a shower of glass. Rather than firing in as planned, you find yourself leaping through the window with a roar, your shotgun in hand. 


You land in the small cabin, finding yourself in the glow of a series of monitors, in front of a roar of a set of iron bars. Your eyes focus on the two guards by the door, clearly standing up against it, waiting for you to enter. You raise your gun, firing as the first one takes a blast of silver through his chest, shredding the man's internal organs as he slumps against the wall. The other guard, wielding a hatchet, charges you with a roar. Rather than firing, the animalistic urges consume you, and you toss the weapon aside, roaring.


KILL! FLESH! FEED! HUNT! 


You tackle the man, ramming him against the wall as the hatchet drops from his hand. You grab his face, driving your long nails into his eyes as you attempt to tear them out of your skull, as you drive your jaws forward and clamp them on his neck, tearing a mouthful of flesh clean off. You find yourself tearing and stabbing and biting, as the man's screams are quickly replaced by a dying gargle.


The silver burns in your chest, and you step back, wiping the blood from your mouth. You look at the dead creature ahead of you, sighing.


"Fuck," you swear, wiping the blood from your lips. 


All of a sudden, the blood on your lips begins stale and wretched and you find yourself spitting out what flesh remains in your mouth. You being retching, spitting blood onto the ground as you focus on your pain until a calm comes over you again, and you find focus.
> You investigate the cabin
The cabin is a bizarre room, a mismatch of an old cabin and a security office. A large map is spread over a large table, as you look down at it. You quickly scan the map. It appears to be an image of the forest, highlighting several points. The first one you notice seems to be the cabin you're in now, which is identified as a "SURVEILLANCE POINT". You look to the center of the map, which shows a large, abandoned mine. "HQ" is written across it in red marker, with several access points to the mine. It seems that the werewolves are using it as their central lair. That's where Alpha will be, alongside the rest of the werewolves. If you want to defeat these werewolves before you turn tonight, you'll want to head here.


You continue searching the cabin for anything of value, finding only a rack of weapons and supplies. The weapons rack actually has a large amount of explosives, C4, plastic explosives and other timed explosive weapons. They're of little use as weapons of battle, but they could no doubt do some damage. There's very little of value here, but you now know where you need to go to take out this werewolf pack and finish it. If you can wipe out the wolves there, this pack of beasts won't survive the night. 


A burst of howls breaks through the silence of the night, and you have to fight the urge to howl back, biting your tongue. You reach for your gun, hoping to quench the bestial spirit inside you. Running your fingers along the iron barrel, you try to remind yourself who you are. You're a tool user, a human, a Hunter. You rush through the window, staring out past the frame of broken glass, spotting grey fur streaked with black emerging from the woods, howling towards the sky.


Fuck! The creatures have found you! You rush over to the other window, only to see more beasts prowling out from the bushes. Swearing, you ready your gun, taking deep breaths as you try to figure a way out, the beast within desperately pushing to howl and answer the call. You can hear the howling creatures surround the cabin, no doubt alerted by one of the guards in the cabin before you blew them away. You need to get out of here fast, and you don't have many solutions. You don't have the ammo to kill them all, and there's no silver in the cabin to use.
> You try to sneak out past the Werewolves
You cautiously move out to the broken window, pulling yourself through and landing on your chest outside in the short grass. You slowly crawl along the ground, trying to stay in the darkness and the shadow to stay out of their gaze.


However, there's little that the werewolves' incredible sight can't notice, and fewer still they can't smell. You soon find yourself with a half a dozen beasts of claws, fur and teeth charging towards you, howling and screaming. You raise your shotgun, before its torn from your hands and you face the fury of a dozen claws and far more teeth.


You barely last seconds before you're torn apart.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The cabin is a bizarre room, a mismatch of an old cabin and a security office. A large map is spread over a large table, as you look down at it. You quickly scan the map. It appears to be an image of the forest, highlighting several points. The first one you notice seems to be the cabin you're in now, which is identified as a "SURVEILLANCE POINT". You look to the center of the map, which shows a large, abandoned mine. "HQ" is written across it in red marker, with several access points to the mine. It seems that the werewolves are using it as their central lair. That's where Alpha will be, alongside the rest of the werewolves. If you want to defeat these werewolves before you turn tonight, you'll want to head here.


You continue searching the cabin for anything of value, finding only a rack of weapons and supplies. The weapons rack actually has a large amount of explosives, C4, plastic explosives and other timed explosive weapons. They're of little use as weapons of battle, but they could no doubt do some damage. There's very little of value here, but you now know where you need to go to take out this werewolf pack and finish it. If you can wipe out the wolves there, this pack of beasts won't survive the night. 


A burst of howls breaks through the silence of the night, and you have to fight the urge to howl back, biting your tongue. You reach for your gun, hoping to quench the bestial spirit inside you. Running your fingers along the iron barrel, you try to remind yourself who you are. You're a tool user, a human, a Hunter. You rush through the window, staring out past the frame of broken glass, spotting grey fur streaked with black emerging from the woods, howling towards the sky.


Fuck! The creatures have found you! You rush over to the other window, only to see more beasts prowling out from the bushes. Swearing, you ready your gun, taking deep breaths as you try to figure a way out, the beast within desperately pushing to howl and answer the call. You can hear the howling creatures surround the cabin, no doubt alerted by one of the guards in the cabin before you blew them away. You need to get out of here fast, and you don't have many solutions. You don't have the ammo to kill them all, and there's no silver in the cabin to use.
> You let the beast within take over
You know you have to get out of here, and you only have one option. The beast inside you knows that's true as well, as you find yourself growling and shaking. The scent of blood and fresh flesh drives you wild, and you're reminded that you haven't eaten in a while. Your stomach rumbles, as you think back to the taste of flesh earlier, the warm, wet meat sliding down your throat. 


You need to turn. You have no other option. You grip your nails into your wrist, tearing at your flesh as blood begins to trickle down your wrist. Your roar of pain turns into a growl, as you find hair beginning to sprout from your skin. The scent of your own blood sends your muscles into spasms, as you collapse onto the floor. Your clothes tear from your body as you grow, falling in tatters as your shotgun slips from your fingers, which tear into knife-like claws. Flesh tears and knits, your teeth shattering and growing in your mouth as you rake your claws through your mouth, pieces of broken teeth and torn apart gums toppling out as you spit blood onto the ground with a maniacal laugh. 


You retract onto your hind-legs, standing tall as you scream... no, not scream. Howl, howl at the sky. Feeling enclosed in the man-made structure, you tear forward, smashing your claw against the lock in the door, tearing it free from the wooden frame as you leap outwards, hurrying into the darkness. 


Through your bestial eyes, you can make out the distant shapes of fur-covered beasts. The wolves' scents are easy to catch, and you mentally mark their locations. The desire to feast, to fight, to hunt and to kill burns through your heart and soul, as adrenaline surges through you. These other creatures are far weaker than you, with duller, more bestial, not even taking into account the fact that Fenrir only had weak, slow humans to transform unlike the man you once were, a Hunter.


In short, you are strong. They are weak, and your belly is empty.


However, a nagging voice, one last ounce of broken, disregarded sanity screams at you to run. The scent of coal and ash is ever so faint on the trail, but you have an urge to follow it, however small. 
> You fight!
You let out a fearsome roar towards the moon, feeling its power surge through you as its light shines upon your fur. Leaping out into the darkness, you narrow in on the closest, weakest prey, wanting to kill the animal as quickly as you can to lower their numbers.


The first werewolf races towards you with a roar, but its a skinny whelp. You tackle the creature, knocking it to the side as you land upon it, raising your claws and you jab your claws into the creature's neck, tearing out its throat. 


Another werewolf is upon you, but as it lunges towards you, you rend your claw across its face, blinding the creature as it collapses to the ground with a pained yelp. By now, the rest of the pack has arrived on you. A mouthful of razor teeth tears into your foreleg, as the weight of a werewolf smashes into your side, flipping you onto your back. 


Claws and teeth begin to tear at you, more than you can defend even with powerful claw strikes and your strong jaws, and you howl in pain as your fur is soon left wet with your own blood, your roar becoming little louder than a whisper shortly afterwards. You slowly grow weaker, before the werewolf you blinded stands above with a growl, before finishing you off by tearing out your stomach and letting blood loss send you off.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You know you have to get out of here, and you only have one option. The beast inside you knows that's true as well, as you find yourself growling and shaking. The scent of blood and fresh flesh drives you wild, and you're reminded that you haven't eaten in a while. Your stomach rumbles, as you think back to the taste of flesh earlier, the warm, wet meat sliding down your throat. 


You need to turn. You have no other option. You grip your nails into your wrist, tearing at your flesh as blood begins to trickle down your wrist. Your roar of pain turns into a growl, as you find hair beginning to sprout from your skin. The scent of your own blood sends your muscles into spasms, as you collapse onto the floor. Your clothes tear from your body as you grow, falling in tatters as your shotgun slips from your fingers, which tear into knife-like claws. Flesh tears and knits, your teeth shattering and growing in your mouth as you rake your claws through your mouth, pieces of broken teeth and torn apart gums toppling out as you spit blood onto the ground with a maniacal laugh. 


You retract onto your hind-legs, standing tall as you scream... no, not scream. Howl, howl at the sky. Feeling enclosed in the man-made structure, you tear forward, smashing your claw against the lock in the door, tearing it free from the wooden frame as you leap outwards, hurrying into the darkness. 


Through your bestial eyes, you can make out the distant shapes of fur-covered beasts. The wolves' scents are easy to catch, and you mentally mark their locations. The desire to feast, to fight, to hunt and to kill burns through your heart and soul, as adrenaline surges through you. These other creatures are far weaker than you, with duller, more bestial, not even taking into account the fact that Fenrir only had weak, slow humans to transform unlike the man you once were, a Hunter.


In short, you are strong. They are weak, and your belly is empty.


However, a nagging voice, one last ounce of broken, disregarded sanity screams at you to run. The scent of coal and ash is ever so faint on the trail, but you have an urge to follow it, however small. 
> You flee
For some strange reason beyond instinct nor desperation, you decide to retreat into the darkness of the woods, breaking off towards the woods. Adrenaline fuels your movements as you race into the shadows. One of the beasts attempts to stop you, planting down its feet as it howls at you, but its easy prey. You swipe the werewolf's forelegs away, sending it collapsing forward. You grab its skull, smacking it into the earth with every ounce of strength you can muster, crushing its skull beneath your claw. 


Another werewolf leaps at you, jaws open, so you swing your claw, slashing through its eyes and blinding him instantly, leaving it yelping and whimpering. You growl, ready to leap forward and finish off the beast, before the voice in the back of your head stops you. Sniffing, you focus past the smell of fresh blood and of the beast's pure terror, smelling the faint, almost impossible to detect scent of coal. Your mind feels a second of focus and clarity, as you swivel on your legs and disappear into the forest.


Sprinting through the trees, you feel free. The smells and scents of the woods give you a clear image of your surroundings, and your lungs fill with the cool air. The coal dust's bare scent guiding your path, you draw towards it, eager to reach the...


Your mind draws a blank on your goal, before a new, far more pungent smell fills your nostrils. Prey.


The easily recognizable scent of a prey animal catches you. The sweat and scent of fear and terror. The fresh blood from a recently injured animal. The guarantee of a kill, and more importantly, food. Your stomach rumbles, pangs of hunger hitting you like a knife, drawing your attention away from the coal, as your eyes fix on the direction of your prey.
> You hunt!
Your legs kick off the dirt, as you hurry after your prey. Rushing through the trees, you fly forward with a speed beyond what any natural creature of flesh and blood could keep up, diving over roots and ducking under branches. The prey pops into your vision, the pale outline of the predator making your mouth water. It's injured, slow and weak, and an easy kill. It's barely had time to notice you, before you're upon it.


HUNT! KILL! FEED!


You hit the creature with all the force of over hundreds of pounds of muscle and fur. You smash into the creature, knocking it into the dirt as its bones shatter and break beneath you. Pinning the creature to the ground, you slide a claw across it, tearing through its thick, blackened hide and releasing a burst of blood and guts, fluid filling the creature's collapsing lungs. 


You raise your head towards the sky, howling towards the moon in victory, the burning pain in your chest having dissipated. For the first time since Fenrir first called, you feel truly strong! Powerful! WILD!


Victory. Power. Blood. Hate. Anger! Hunger! Feed! HUNT! KILL! EAT!


You look down to your prey, grinning from ear to ear. Time to feast!
> You kILL!
Suddenly, pain, burning, all-consuming pain surges through your flesh, turning your blood to fire as you scream out in pain, howling upwards to the moon, wishing its light could wash you clean from this fiery hell.


You collapse off your prey, your once mighty stature shrinking to that of a tiny, weak, terrified human. Lying in your warm blood, you gasp for air, feeling your body set alight, your pain barely dulled by the moon's light. 


"W-w... William?" a voice gasps. 


Your head rolls to the side, as you find yourself staring at Wyatt. The boy's chest has been torn to shreds. He's barely breathing, his face looking at you with a torn expression.


"T-they... they got you," he manages to gasp through horrible, wet breaths. 


Breathing heavily, you paw at the burning, stabbing pain in your side, your fingers wrapping around a polished wooden handle. Realizing what's happened, you slowly slide the long blade out of your side, groaning in pain as blood pours down your skin. You slide out the silver knife, tossing the weapon across the dirt as you scream. You groan, feeling your muscles tighten and contract. 


Rolling onto your back, you slide over to Wyatt, ignoring your own pain. The knife hit has quietened the beast within, quashing the monster's howls. As far as wounds go, yours is fairly non-lethal, barely two or three inches in a non-lethal place. You doubt it would kill you normally, but with the beast within you, it's almost certainly non-lethal. You grit your teeth, rolling onto your knees as you stare down at the victim. His body's decimated, a barely surviving hulk.


You lean down, pressing your hands against his bleeding chest wound as you try to stem the bleeding. Wyatt weakly bats at your arms, the occasional fear-wracked sob breaking out of him. 


"P-please... ple... please..." Wyatt begs, before his words disappear into a jumble of gurgling and dying chokes. 


The light in Wyatt's eyes goes dull, as the heat begins to drain from his pale skin. Blood runs down his chalk white skin, as you slowly let go of him. You hear a faint screaming that, somewhere in the back of your mind, you recognize as your own. You bash your fists into the earth, screaming as you feel the wolf howl inside you. Tears well up in your eyes, as you bash your head into the dirt, hoping to quash the wolf inside you. If you'd only been a man... if you'd only went out with Féval...


You take a deep breath, calming yourself. You wait for several minutes, before you stand slowly, looking down at Wyatt's body. The boy lies there, limp and cold. You stare to the side, looking at the rifle that lies alongside him. You reach down, picking up the gun by the wooden stock, lifting it into the air. You pull back the bolt, loading a silver round into the chamber.


For a moment, you stand there, feeling the cold air on your naked skin as you stare at Wyatt's gun.
> You end it
The Silver Doorway


You raise the rifle to your head, taking it in your arms as you press the bottom of your chin against the gun barrel. You prop the gun upwards, aiming it so that it should go through your skull and out the top of your head. You reach down, pressing your finger against the trigger. You take a deep breath, closing your eyes. You've done enough tonight. You're tired, and you want to rest. 


You feel the pangs of hunger tear through you again as the beast awakens, roaring through your entire essence. You grit your teeth, trying to hold back the urge to scream. You slowly release your breath, before pressing down on the trigger.


The gun fires, and the silver bullets tear through your chin, bursting up through your skull, blowing apart your brain and shooting out the top of your skull. Darkness shrouds over you, and you can feel the desperate, clawing, howling beast within you get pulled down into the depths of darkness with you.


Now, the eternal rest is all that's left for you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Suddenly, pain, burning, all-consuming pain surges through your flesh, turning your blood to fire as you scream out in pain, howling upwards to the moon, wishing its light could wash you clean from this fiery hell.


You collapse off your prey, your once mighty stature shrinking to that of a tiny, weak, terrified human. Lying in your warm blood, you gasp for air, feeling your body set alight, your pain barely dulled by the moon's light. 


"W-w... William?" a voice gasps. 


Your head rolls to the side, as you find yourself staring at Wyatt. The boy's chest has been torn to shreds. He's barely breathing, his face looking at you with a torn expression.


"T-they... they got you," he manages to gasp through horrible, wet breaths. 


Breathing heavily, you paw at the burning, stabbing pain in your side, your fingers wrapping around a polished wooden handle. Realizing what's happened, you slowly slide the long blade out of your side, groaning in pain as blood pours down your skin. You slide out the silver knife, tossing the weapon across the dirt as you scream. You groan, feeling your muscles tighten and contract. 


Rolling onto your back, you slide over to Wyatt, ignoring your own pain. The knife hit has quietened the beast within, quashing the monster's howls. As far as wounds go, yours is fairly non-lethal, barely two or three inches in a non-lethal place. You doubt it would kill you normally, but with the beast within you, it's almost certainly non-lethal. You grit your teeth, rolling onto your knees as you stare down at the victim. His body's decimated, a barely surviving hulk.


You lean down, pressing your hands against his bleeding chest wound as you try to stem the bleeding. Wyatt weakly bats at your arms, the occasional fear-wracked sob breaking out of him. 


"P-please... ple... please..." Wyatt begs, before his words disappear into a jumble of gurgling and dying chokes. 


The light in Wyatt's eyes goes dull, as the heat begins to drain from his pale skin. Blood runs down his chalk white skin, as you slowly let go of him. You hear a faint screaming that, somewhere in the back of your mind, you recognize as your own. You bash your fists into the earth, screaming as you feel the wolf howl inside you. Tears well up in your eyes, as you bash your head into the dirt, hoping to quash the wolf inside you. If you'd only been a man... if you'd only went out with Féval...


You take a deep breath, calming yourself. You wait for several minutes, before you stand slowly, looking down at Wyatt's body. The boy lies there, limp and cold. You stare to the side, looking at the rifle that lies alongside him. You reach down, picking up the gun by the wooden stock, lifting it into the air. You pull back the bolt, loading a silver round into the chamber.


For a moment, you stand there, feeling the cold air on your naked skin as you stare at Wyatt's gun.
> You finish what you started
It's time to do what needs to be done. You can't let the deaths of tonight be for nothing.


A chill runs through you, as you realize you need new clothes, and there's only one place you can get them. You lean down, unbutton Wyatt's jacket as you try not to look at the body. Slowly, 


The underwear are soiled and the inside two layers of Wyatt's clothes are soaked with blood, but you manage to scavenge the boots, socks, pants and jacket, pulling them on. Once you've bundled yourself up in clothes, you raise your rifle to your shoulder and begin walking, leaving the corpse behind you. You don't have the time to bury it, and being around the corpse is only sending pangs of hunger through your body. You try not to shed a tear, heading off into the woods.


Your senses quickly detect the faint smell of smoke and coal, and you begin heading towards it. The beast within you is quiet for now from the stabbing, but thankfully the beast seems to almost be absorbing the pain, and it's little more than a dull ache to you now. 


You walk in silence, and for a moment, it seems almost unnatural. Everything about you seems wrong now. You can tell you're walking loudly, almost falling and stumbling about. Your movements are as stealthy as ever thanks to your abilities as a hunter, but compared to your lupine form, it's clumsy. Your senses are dulled without the powers of the beast, your entire body weakening from exhaustion and blood loss.


Your eyes are still bright, and you find yourself staring through the darkness at a trio of werewolves prowling through the undergrowth. The creatures are streaked with gray and black fur, growling as they slowly move forward, muscles moving under furry hides, their teeth glowing in the moonlight.


They must be following your scent, and if they are, they have it now. The beast within you is quiet now, but the rage in your heart is burning. Time to do your duty as a Hunter.
> You open fire from a range
You raise your rifle, shouldering it as you quickly take the target in your sights. You aim at the lead werewolf, targeting the creature's head. It takes a moment for you to aim, unused to Wyatt's hunting rifle and preferring the pure blast power of your shotgun, but you quickly adjust. You've used pretty much every weapon under the sun over the years, and a simple hunting rifle is in every Hunter's arsenal. You see the bright of the wolf's eyes glinting in the moonlight, and pull the trigger.


You pull the trigger, the werewolf's skull exploding as a silver bullet bursts through its brains. The other two werewolves burst off into the trees, trying to take cover. You scan the underbrush, looking for the signature fur of the creatures, but they race through the leaves, in opposite directions. 


Shit. Hitting both seems unlikely, and they're faster than you on foot. Perhaps retreating up a tree and climbing to the top to take shelter would be your best bet. Or perhaps that'll leave you as the perfect prey.
> You retreat up the tree
Your eyes scan the trees around you, as you pick one tall enough to escape up into and with thick enough branches that you can climb in. You jump into the air, your hands wrapping around a branch as you pull your body up on it. Your boots find another branch, as you quickly begin to scale the tree as quickly as you can.


However, the werewolves and soon upon you, and leap into the air, claws digging into tree bark as they burst up the tree. A claw slashes at your ankle and you scream, blood bursting out and pouring down. Another claw slices into your thigh, sending you falling from the tree. You fall through the air, smacking into branches as you scream, before you slam into the dirt beneath you with a painful thud. You scream, as the werewolves around you howl in victory, leaping forward as they tear you limb from limb, devouring mouthfuls of flesh as soon, nothing is left.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You raise your rifle, shouldering it as you quickly take the target in your sights. You aim at the lead werewolf, targeting the creature's head. It takes a moment for you to aim, unused to Wyatt's hunting rifle and preferring the pure blast power of your shotgun, but you quickly adjust. You've used pretty much every weapon under the sun over the years, and a simple hunting rifle is in every Hunter's arsenal. You see the bright of the wolf's eyes glinting in the moonlight, and pull the trigger.


You pull the trigger, the werewolf's skull exploding as a silver bullet bursts through its brains. The other two werewolves burst off into the trees, trying to take cover. You scan the underbrush, looking for the signature fur of the creatures, but they race through the leaves, in opposite directions. 


Shit. Hitting both seems unlikely, and they're faster than you on foot. Perhaps retreating up a tree and climbing to the top to take shelter would be your best bet. Or perhaps that'll leave you as the perfect prey.
> You open fire on the creatures
You need to kill them while you're down here. Retreating to the trees will just leave you open and get you slaughtered like a lamb. You begin backpedaling slowly, taking a better shooting stance as you rapidly switch your sights from either of your flanks.


Suddenly, a howl from your left distracts you, as you turn. You swing your rifle around, finding the werewolf charging towards you, it's jaws open. You aim your weapon down its maw, finger pressing on the trigger as you snarl.


Suddenly, a force like a truck smashes into you from behind, knocking the gun from your hands and sending you crumpling to the ground. You scream as you find yourself crippled between a pair of werewolves, as one bites down on your neck and the other tears out your stomach. You try to scream, but find yourself gurgling on blood as you're torn apart.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's time to do what needs to be done. You can't let the deaths of tonight be for nothing.


A chill runs through you, as you realize you need new clothes, and there's only one place you can get them. You lean down, unbutton Wyatt's jacket as you try not to look at the body. Slowly, 


The underwear are soiled and the inside two layers of Wyatt's clothes are soaked with blood, but you manage to scavenge the boots, socks, pants and jacket, pulling them on. Once you've bundled yourself up in clothes, you raise your rifle to your shoulder and begin walking, leaving the corpse behind you. You don't have the time to bury it, and being around the corpse is only sending pangs of hunger through your body. You try not to shed a tear, heading off into the woods.


Your senses quickly detect the faint smell of smoke and coal, and you begin heading towards it. The beast within you is quiet for now from the stabbing, but thankfully the beast seems to almost be absorbing the pain, and it's little more than a dull ache to you now. 


You walk in silence, and for a moment, it seems almost unnatural. Everything about you seems wrong now. You can tell you're walking loudly, almost falling and stumbling about. Your movements are as stealthy as ever thanks to your abilities as a hunter, but compared to your lupine form, it's clumsy. Your senses are dulled without the powers of the beast, your entire body weakening from exhaustion and blood loss.


Your eyes are still bright, and you find yourself staring through the darkness at a trio of werewolves prowling through the undergrowth. The creatures are streaked with gray and black fur, growling as they slowly move forward, muscles moving under furry hides, their teeth glowing in the moonlight.


They must be following your scent, and if they are, they have it now. The beast within you is quiet now, but the rage in your heart is burning. Time to do your duty as a Hunter.
> You climb a tree and snipe the werewolves
Your eyes scan the trees around you, as you pick one tall enough to escape up into and with thick enough branches that you can climb in. You jump into the air, your hands wrapping around a branch as you pull your body up on it. Your boots find another branch, as you quickly begin to scale the tree as quickly as you can. It's not long before you find a thick, stable branch high enough to take a shooting position in, protected by the cover of the leaves but with a clear sight on the werewolves.


You raise your rifle, shouldering it as you quickly take the target in your sights. You aim at the lead werewolf, targeting the creature's head. It takes a moment for you to aim, unused to Wyatt's hunting rifle and preferring the pure blast power of your shotgun, but you quickly adjust. You've used pretty much every weapon under the sun over the years, and a simple hunting rifle is in every Hunter's arsenal. You see the bright of the wolf's eyes glinting in the moonlight, and pull the trigger. 


You find yourself staring at a second werewolf, one racing towards the tree. You aim your rifle as it leaps towards the tree, firing. The creature takes the shot to the side, crumpling to the ground, as you quickly reload and aim.


The tree shakes as a werewolf begins clambering up the branches behind you. You quickly put another round in the wounded werewolf, blowing out its heart and killing it instantly. You swivel around, before you find a werewolf clambering up the branches, its maw wide open as it snaps at your leg. You yelp, realizing the beast is upon you, mere seconds away from devouring you.
> You kick the bastard down
You lash out at the werewolf with your boot, knocking at its jaws with all your force. The creature's jaws widen, biting down on your foot as it screams, its jaws cutting into your ankle and tearing tearing it off in one bite. You scream, pain tearing through you as blood spurts out, and you find yourself losing your position on the branch.


You fall through the air, collapsing to the ground as you scream. You hit the ground with a thud, your back breaking as you scream, collapsing onto the ground. Your mind goes hazy, darkness beginning to take you as you hear the werewolf growl, leaping from branch to branch down to you.


You hope you pass out before the creature reaches the ground, and you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your eyes scan the trees around you, as you pick one tall enough to escape up into and with thick enough branches that you can climb in. You jump into the air, your hands wrapping around a branch as you pull your body up on it. Your boots find another branch, as you quickly begin to scale the tree as quickly as you can. It's not long before you find a thick, stable branch high enough to take a shooting position in, protected by the cover of the leaves but with a clear sight on the werewolves.


You raise your rifle, shouldering it as you quickly take the target in your sights. You aim at the lead werewolf, targeting the creature's head. It takes a moment for you to aim, unused to Wyatt's hunting rifle and preferring the pure blast power of your shotgun, but you quickly adjust. You've used pretty much every weapon under the sun over the years, and a simple hunting rifle is in every Hunter's arsenal. You see the bright of the wolf's eyes glinting in the moonlight, and pull the trigger. 


You find yourself staring at a second werewolf, one racing towards the tree. You aim your rifle as it leaps towards the tree, firing. The creature takes the shot to the side, crumpling to the ground, as you quickly reload and aim.


The tree shakes as a werewolf begins clambering up the branches behind you. You quickly put another round in the wounded werewolf, blowing out its heart and killing it instantly. You swivel around, before you find a werewolf clambering up the branches, its maw wide open as it snaps at your leg. You yelp, realizing the beast is upon you, mere seconds away from devouring you.
> You leap to another tree
Bursting up, you push your boots against the branch as you stand for a second, before kicking off from the branches, leaping through the air towards the nearest tree. You fly through the air, hands reaching out for the next branch as you yell, only to find you're too far away and won't reach it.


You fall through the air, collapsing to the ground as you scream. You hit the ground with a thud, your back breaking as you scream, collapsing onto the ground. Your mind goes hazy, darkness beginning to take you as you hear the werewolf growl, leaping from branch to branch down to you.


You hope you pass out before the creature reaches the ground, and you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your eyes scan the trees around you, as you pick one tall enough to escape up into and with thick enough branches that you can climb in. You jump into the air, your hands wrapping around a branch as you pull your body up on it. Your boots find another branch, as you quickly begin to scale the tree as quickly as you can. It's not long before you find a thick, stable branch high enough to take a shooting position in, protected by the cover of the leaves but with a clear sight on the werewolves.


You raise your rifle, shouldering it as you quickly take the target in your sights. You aim at the lead werewolf, targeting the creature's head. It takes a moment for you to aim, unused to Wyatt's hunting rifle and preferring the pure blast power of your shotgun, but you quickly adjust. You've used pretty much every weapon under the sun over the years, and a simple hunting rifle is in every Hunter's arsenal. You see the bright of the wolf's eyes glinting in the moonlight, and pull the trigger. 


You find yourself staring at a second werewolf, one racing towards the tree. You aim your rifle as it leaps towards the tree, firing. The creature takes the shot to the side, crumpling to the ground, as you quickly reload and aim.


The tree shakes as a werewolf begins clambering up the branches behind you. You quickly put another round in the wounded werewolf, blowing out its heart and killing it instantly. You swivel around, before you find a werewolf clambering up the branches, its maw wide open as it snaps at your leg. You yelp, realizing the beast is upon you, mere seconds away from devouring you.
> You fire with your rifle
You grab your rifle, loading back the bolt in an instant, before lowering your gun. The werewolf's jaw bites down on your ankle, tearing through leather as it bites into your flesh. You scream, but stay focused, jamming your gun barrel against the werewolf's head, before pulling the trigger. The gun bucks, a bullet bursting through the werewolf's skull. The creature collapses from the tree, it's bloody body collapsing to the ground with a thud.


You sigh, wiping the sweat from your brow, before checking your foot. It's cut, but other than that fine, and you should be able to walk, run, jump and everything else you'll need for the rest of night... and of course, you'll be able to climb down, which is quite helpful now.


You slowly move down the tree, checking the two bodies of the werewolves, now naked, pale corpses covered in their own blood. You don't shed a tear for them. Normal werewolves are creatures cursed by the beast, like you. These creatures have embraced the beast. Human form or lupine form, they're beasts all the same.


You look up towards the scent of the smoke, now a bare trace, but begin walking nonetheless.
> You continue towards the smell of smoke
You walk through the woods slowly, heading towards the scent. It draws nearer, the smell of smoke and coal becoming clear. It's a long, painful walk, and you find yourself scratching at your limbs, growling and shaking your head. The beast within is awakening again, as you run your tongue along your sharpened teeth, the taste of your own blood filling your own mouth. Your stomach growls, and the veil of darkness lifts as your supernatural eyes adjust to the darkness. Still, you focus on the burning pain in your chest and now, your stab wound, allowing the pain to consume you, bringing you just to the point where walking becomes impossible, all to stave off the wolf spirit howling to get out.


It's not long, however, before you find your way to the mines. The earth begins to widen, revealing a huge, cavernous maw sticking out of the earth, a huge hole in the ground leading to darkness. The opening of the mineshaft. A light plume of smoke billows out from the mineshaft, as you can smell the scent of fresh meat and blood down below, the smell of wolves prowling and... strangely enough, diesel drifting out with its stink. 


You stare into the darkness, gun in your hands, as you prepare to go in. 


"Going in?"


You turn your head, finding the patchwork fool standing in front of you. His eyes are still badly burned, although from this close, it seems more like its from a caustic chemical or animal venom rather than heat or fire. He grins at you, winking.


"I was planning to," you say. "Going to tell me who you are yet?"


"Maybe. Fancy another riddle?"


"What the fuck is it with you and riddles?"


"I like them," the Fool shrugs. "I used to be more of a pranks guy, but it's no use drawing attention to myself when I manage to get unbound, so riddles will have to do." 


"Unbound? Are you a ghost? A trapped spirit? It would explain some things," you say quietly, not wanting to risk dealing with them.


"Nothing of the sort! I'm far more powerful," the Fool says. "I'd make the threat you're dealing with look like chump change, you know."


"Glad you're not my enemy, then," you say, before pausing. "Are you?"


"Of course not! Just a friendly visitor, curious to see what'll happen. I know a lot about werewolves. I remember watching the first one change. God, the terror he felt."


"You saw the first change?" you ask cautiously.


"I did indeed," the Fool smiles. "I saw when they chained up my dear old Fenrir, for nothing more than being scary. That's what they tend to do, you know," the Fool says, pointing to his eyes. "But, every so often, Fenrir would get just a bit lose, and some brave mortal would need to toss a new chain on him. One brave soul got too close, and Fenrir managed to bite him. That was the first of their kind. Now, they've spread throughout the world, all from that one mortal who felt it was fair to lock up a creature that had done nothing wrong. Cruel bastards the lot of them," the Fool mutters. 


You pause, trying to discern whether this is the fool's insane ramblings, a metaphor, a literal truth or something else entirely. For as long as you stare at the grinning bastard, you can't tell.


"Anything else you wanted to tell me?" you say dismissively, not willing to play the Fool's games. 


"Nothing to tell, but something to ask. Care for another riddle?"


"Fuck's sake," you mutter. "What the hell does this matter?" 


The Fool smiles, before grinning.


"So! A lost shepard met two hunters, the first of who had three loaves and the second who had five loaves. All the loaves were the same size. The three men agreed to share the eight loaves equally between them. After they had eaten, the hunter gave the shepherds eight bronze coins as payment for his meal. How should the two shepherds fairly divide this money?" 
> You nothing to the first hunter, give it all to the second
"You give all the pieces to the second hunter," you say.


"Yes, another answer! Gods, I really like you!"


"Is it right?"


The Fool shrugs, smiling at you.


"Who knows? I'll be off, anyway, my eyes are beginning to burn," he says, scratching at his burned up eyes. "Good luck in there. Shame it's not a silver mine, am I right?"


He smiles, grinning, as you snarl. He raises his hands defensively, shrugging. 


"Fine, fine, I'll be on my way. Best of luck in there, Willy."


You don't even try to stop him, your gun feeling unnaturally heavy in your hands as you know the patchwork man's magic is at work here. As soon as the Fool disappears into the trees, your gun lightens in your hands, and you heave to stare off into the mineshaft, smiling. 
> You head into the mineshaft
You stare down the cavernous maw that sticks out of the earth. The darkness almost solidifies around you, attempting to consume your sanity. You focus your senses, as when the suffocating darkness steals your sight, your smell and hearing amplify. You can hear the near silent wind blow through the tunnel, nostrils flaring as you take as you smell the scent of coal dust and dirt. The scents begin to shift, as you detect a new smell. Fresh blood and the smell of a wild beast traveling through the tunnel. The sound of paws creeping along iron mine tracks and soft dirt begins just detectable.


Your eyes narrow, as down the tunnel, a form cuts through the darkness. The creature's thin body is covered with a thick layer of white fur, a pair of red, blood-filled eyes becoming clear, shining in the dark. A maw of sharpened daggers becomes clear, as the Albino arrives.


You recognize the creature from earlier. The one who bit you. The one who cursed you like this. You snarl, your gun tightening in your hands. The Albino's eyes flicker and you wonder if it recognizes you. There's an intellect there beyond what you've seen, in animals, or even in other werewolves. The creature growls, and you know it recognizes you.


Your body shakes, the Albino's growl sending the beast into overdrive. Your hairy arms tense as your muscles bulge, your tongue flickering along your sharpened teeth. You let out a growl, eyes narrowing as you ready yourself to kill. You let out a loud roar which echoes down the tunnel, your fingernails toughening and sharpening to pre-transformation claws that dig into the wood of your rifle. 
> You let out the beast within
You find yourself howling, your body transforming in a mere moment, incapable of holding off the change for any longer. The fur bursts from your skin as it toughens and tears, your body stretching in an instant. Your teeth, a mouthful of ivory blades, are revealed as you open your jaw. You smash into the Albino, tearing it through the air and smashing it off the tunnel wall. The creature bounces off the wall, before rolling to its feet and leaping forward with one pounce, lunging for you. You snarl, batting it aside with a pair of claws, slashing as its face at the creature pins you to the ground.


The other beast is strong, fast and deadly, the creature being far more used to its bestial body than you are. The creature wields its fangs like daggers, its claws like swords, its weight a crushing wrecking ball, every feature of it turned into a weapon of death and slaughter. However, it's no doubt transformed from poorer stock than you, once having been a normal human rather than a Hunter like yourself, who dedicated their life to the craft of hunting. By how you reckon, the Albino has the advantage, but you won't be going down without a fight.


You struggle against his grip, pinned against the stone, struggling to get out from it's weight, as its gnashing teeth comes towards your throat, its mouth caught in a fearsome howl.
> You get your legs under the beast and force it off
You roll your legs under the bulk of the Albino's weight, breathing heavily as you try to find your strength. You snarl, forcing your legs forwards as you force the creature back. You pause, building your strength for one moment, before using your legs to launch the beast at the wall.


The Albino is launched against the wall, knocking against the earthen mine wall as it collapses to the ground with a thud. The creature growls, standing up as it moves forward, raising its clawed hands as it attempts to ram you against the wall, catching you in the bestial version of a rugby scrum. You raise your arms, grabbing them and trying to keep it from biting out your throat in a rage, standing on your hindlegs as you're ready to retreat.
> You sTRENGTH! Ram it into the wall!
You double down, catching in the Albino in a deadly embrace, forcing it back. Your reflexes, your speed and your abilities are far outpaced by the creature, who has had far more time to get used to its body. However, strength might be something you have. You're a tough, hardy man and far stronger than the average man, so perhaps in your lupine form you'll the stronger of this pair.


You dig your hind legs in, ramming forward as you force the beast back. The Albino yelps, attempting to shove you aside, but you've caught it now, and you're able to twist it around as you launch it against the wall. The Albino smacks up against the wall, sliding down it as its covered in a thick layer of dirt, before you burst forward, raking your claws across the Albino's chest. You slash your claws forward, tearing out the creature's stomach as you hack into its ribs. The creature howls out in pain, weakly jabbing its claws at you as you step back in one quick dodge. 


You growl, watching the dying creature in front of you. Your stomach begs you to give up any semblance of weakness, to tear into this meal and feast, but some small, weak little voice reminds you that you have a mission to do. You could leave the beast here to bleed to death, with no hope of it surviving the lethal wounds you've caused, or you could crush its skull and end its life now.
> You fEED!
The hunger too strong and the desperate rumbling in your stomach meaning you're incapable of focusing, your eyes narrow as you stare at the bleeding corpse of the beast. You could use its strength. You move your head forward, wetting your nose in the creature's warm blood, gently lapping at that which streams out before the hunger overtakes you, and you can't hold back. You find yourself devouring mouthfuls of flesh, swallowing it desperately in an attempt to fill your stomach, drinking down warm blood, feeling the thick liquid coating the inside of your mouth and throat as you enjoy the delicious meal. You lick your lips, tasting the blood of your kill on your tongue, your nostrils filled with the pungent and delectable smell of your last meal.


The meal is filling, and you find your predatory instinct howling in your mind as your body is filled with the strength of your fallen foe. Your body now fully fuelled, you look down the dark tunnel, a new sensation filling you. You hear the howls down further in, answering with a bark. You break into a bark, heading towards the barking.


Your mind races, all pain ignored, all quiet voices in the back of your mind ignored, all remaining traces of your humanity ignored. Your brothers are calling, and the beast within you gives you no choice but to answer, and answer you will.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You double down, catching in the Albino in a deadly embrace, forcing it back. Your reflexes, your speed and your abilities are far outpaced by the creature, who has had far more time to get used to its body. However, strength might be something you have. You're a tough, hardy man and far stronger than the average man, so perhaps in your lupine form you'll the stronger of this pair.


You dig your hind legs in, ramming forward as you force the beast back. The Albino yelps, attempting to shove you aside, but you've caught it now, and you're able to twist it around as you launch it against the wall. The Albino smacks up against the wall, sliding down it as its covered in a thick layer of dirt, before you burst forward, raking your claws across the Albino's chest. You slash your claws forward, tearing out the creature's stomach as you hack into its ribs. The creature howls out in pain, weakly jabbing its claws at you as you step back in one quick dodge. 


You growl, watching the dying creature in front of you. Your stomach begs you to give up any semblance of weakness, to tear into this meal and feast, but some small, weak little voice reminds you that you have a mission to do. You could leave the beast here to bleed to death, with no hope of it surviving the lethal wounds you've caused, or you could crush its skull and end its life now.
> You finish off the dying cur
With a low, rumbling snarl, you slowly approach the dying creature with almost disinterest in the creature. You raise your claw, striking with all your force as you smash the creature's skull against the wall, crushing its head against the stone wall and killing it instantly. 


You stare at the creature's limp, dead corpse, ignoring the dying creature. You move away from the creature, heading deep into the darkness once more.


You spend several minutes walking through the darkness, before you find yourself prowling through a new plethora of senses. You find yourself in a large, cavernous room, glowing with golden light. A bonfire sits in the center of the cavern, warming your tired bones. Three corpses of cooked meat hang from the ceiling, blood dripping down in an appetizing fashion. You stare at them, licking your lips for a moment, before changing focus. There's a row of strange, bright glowing lights to the side, showing bizarre tiny forests in the distance. A metal table sits to the side, covered with strange objects, alongside a wall where many more things hang.


Light. Heat. Warm. Fire! Bright! EAT! Meat! Flesh! Kill! FEED! NOISES! HUMANS! KILL! SLAUGHTER!


You shake your head, your mind awash with new sensations, trying to let your instincts take over. You calm yourself, and your eyes flicker open as you examine the room. You find yourself smelling what looks to be dried blood, encrusted on one of the bizarre objects. You dip your snout forward, examining it cautiously. It seems to be covered in burning metal and cold metal, a bizarre combination of the two strange materials.


You pause, hearing the sound of distant howling down the tunnels. It doesn't seem to be drawing closer, instead drawing fainter and fainter as the pack of werewolves screaming goes further and further a way. You feel drawn to it, curious as to what it could be, but a small mind deep in your head seems to recognize the object with a strange familiarity. 
> You follow the howls
Your ears flicker as you hear the sound of barking and howling deep in the mineshaft, as you answer with a cautious bark. Another howl answers back, and instinct overwhelms the quiet voice in your head, and you find yourself running into the darkness, desperate to your brothers.


Your mind races, all pain ignored, all quiet voices in the back of your mind ignored, all remaining traces of your humanity ignored. Your family, your true family of blood and instinct, are calling. The beast within you gives you no choice but to answer, and answer you will.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>With a low, rumbling snarl, you slowly approach the dying creature with almost disinterest in the creature. You raise your claw, striking with all your force as you smash the creature's skull against the wall, crushing its head against the stone wall and killing it instantly. 


You stare at the creature's limp, dead corpse, ignoring the dying creature. You move away from the creature, heading deep into the darkness once more.


You spend several minutes walking through the darkness, before you find yourself prowling through a new plethora of senses. You find yourself in a large, cavernous room, glowing with golden light. A bonfire sits in the center of the cavern, warming your tired bones. Three corpses of cooked meat hang from the ceiling, blood dripping down in an appetizing fashion. You stare at them, licking your lips for a moment, before changing focus. There's a row of strange, bright glowing lights to the side, showing bizarre tiny forests in the distance. A metal table sits to the side, covered with strange objects, alongside a wall where many more things hang.


Light. Heat. Warm. Fire! Bright! EAT! Meat! Flesh! Kill! FEED! NOISES! HUMANS! KILL! SLAUGHTER!


You shake your head, your mind awash with new sensations, trying to let your instincts take over. You calm yourself, and your eyes flicker open as you examine the room. You find yourself smelling what looks to be dried blood, encrusted on one of the bizarre objects. You dip your snout forward, examining it cautiously. It seems to be covered in burning metal and cold metal, a bizarre combination of the two strange materials.


You pause, hearing the sound of distant howling down the tunnels. It doesn't seem to be drawing closer, instead drawing fainter and fainter as the pack of werewolves screaming goes further and further a way. You feel drawn to it, curious as to what it could be, but a small mind deep in your head seems to recognize the object with a strange familiarity. 
> You investigate the object
You push your head up to the bizarre object, sniffing. The outside seems to be made of burning metal, its very aura unnerving you, but the inside is made of colder metal, and you gently press your nose against it, smelling it. It smells ever so faintly of blood, and...


Suddenly, the device snaps shut, slicing through your nose as you scream out in pain, collapsing back. The object traps your face in its burning saws, sending waves of burning pain through you. Blood pours down your snout as you scream, the tip of your nose messily hacked off, beginning to burn. You yank your face back, breaking free of the device and spraying the area with a light mist of blood as you find yourself collapsing to the ground, darkness hitting you in waves which contrast with the waves of burning pain, as you're left lying there, your body breaking and burning with pain once again.


You don't know whether it's hours, minutes or seconds later, but soon, you find sanity once again. You slowly take breath through your lips, which are torn up, cut and bleeding, your upper lip barely hanging on. Thankfully, the healing factor of the werewolves has left your upper lip scabbing up in a mismatched mess of colors. You nose is heavily damaged, smell somewhat obscured in your left nostril from the dried blood and pus clogging it. You scratch at it, a thin stream of warm blood running down your face. You groan, before finding the strength left in you.


Knowing that it's too late for you to just lay down and die, you take a deep breath, focusing your remaining strength of what you can find inside you. You roll to your knees, resting a hand against the cold earth as you relax your tired muscles, looking around the room. 


The room must've been a mineshaft intersection at one point. It's been rigged up with lights and electricity, with a large desk stacked with television screens in the corner of the room. You peer over at them, watching the various scenes of the forest. It must be another bunch of cameras connected to the screens.


Your eyes flicker to the hung up "meat" ahead of you, hanging from the ceiling, as you begin to feel sick. The mutilated, bleeding corpses of Hans Hirsch, Russel Sloane and Father Charles Féval hang from the ceiling, blood dripping down and pooling underneath them. Russel Sloane's been hacked apart, his face a crushed mess, his body missing dozens of chunks of flesh all over him from the pickings the werewolves chewed off him. Hans Hirsh is even less so, his upper body entirely missing, only a pair of legs in gray trousers with black, polished boots. You recognize him from his boots, and his boots alone.


Father Féval's body still bares the marks of your shotgun blast, his chest blown apart, ribs hanging down to the ground. He's the most intact corpse there, yet the most gruesome. His face is stuck forever in an expression of fear and pain, his eyes dead and hollow, completely lifeless. You reach for your knife to cut them down, sighing as you realize its not there, and you're several outfits from the one you dressed yourself in this morning. Hell, maybe you should leave them up there anyway. At least the rats won't get there.


You feel a pang of hunger, and draw your eyes away from your comrades. You won't disgrace them like that.


Scanning the room, you find yourself staring at the table propped up against the wall, stacked with various items. Cellphones, guns, knives, ammo, equipment and an assortment of other items. 


At the 


Then, there's the tunnel. A long, dark cavern going in the other direction that you've went down. The howls you heard came from down there. That's where the wolves are. That's where you'll need to go to finish this.


You look down at the map ahead of you, a sprawled out blueprints of the mine. Scanning it quickly, your old eyes take in the information you need. Though you're weak in Norway, you manage to make out the notes sprawled across the page. There's a dozen designations across the various areas in the mine. Judging by where you came in, you're in the "Security Room". There's also the "Sleeping Chambers", "(HUMAN) Sleeping Chambers", "Feeding Area", and...


You pause, tapping your finger. The "Mine Equipment Storage Area (Armory)". Given the impressive arsenal of explosives that was at the scout house, there'd be even more explosives there at the armory. Enough to take down a mine. If there's even a fraction more explosives there, there might be enough to collapse the mine on itself and to kill all the beasts that prowl these mines. Perhaps you might find some use there. It's as good a place to start as any, given you won't be able to take down the horde with firearms alone. 


You turn your head, hearing a low growl nearby, only to find yourself staring at the blank stone walls. You squint your eyes, making out murals among them. Blood red images crudely painted, depicting fearsome creatures and other scenes. Interesting.
> You investigate the table
You walk over to the table, examining the items. Revolvers, pistols, blades, a shotgun, a rifle, an assault weapon... you pause, realizing what you're looking at. These are the weapons, gear and general items taken from the corpses at the crash site. You see your own silver dagger lying there, realizing they must've gathered up your weapons and what fell from the tatters of your clothes. You trace your fingers alongside your personal shotgun which lies there on the table, staring at the silver shells that lie alongside it. You notice Hans' dog tags, Father Féval's silver cross, the items that remind you of the others. 


However, just as you're about to turn away, you notice another object lying on the table. You lean over it, slowly examining it. The cell phone from earlier. The one given to you by Mr Gaange. You look at it, flipping it open, revealing its at half charge, its screen brightly chirping at you with a beep as it turns on. The phone starts up on the CONTACTS page, with a single number, with the contact name Mr Black. 


You pause for a moment, wondering whether to call. Perhaps he has the ability to deal with the threat here. To avenge your comrades. Of course... a deal with the dark isn't your ideal choice.
> You call Mr Gaange
You sigh, pressing the number. It rings for a few second, a bright, electronic noise, before it stops.


"Hello," a deep voice answers.


"I'm looking for Mr Gaange. I need that favor."


A light chuckle comes through the phone.


"Already? My, my, someone's been having fun. What do you need?"


"I'm here in the mineshaft just North of that fucking country house your lieutenant was holed up in. There's a werewolf pack based here, with servants helping them and large numbers. I need them wiped out."


"Yes, that does seem like an issue. Well, it's a serious favor, but it is in my interest to deal with these whelps and mongrels either way, they'll be a threat. You do know this means you agree to serve me, don't you?"


You pause for a moment, the room silent.


"I do."


"Good. Then let's get down to it."


You tell Mr Gaange everything you know about the pack and your location, before he stops you.


"That's enough. I have all I need. You're lucky, I have a team nearby covering what happened with my lieutenant. See if you can last another fifteen minutes, and I'll do the rest."


"OK," you answer heavily. "OK."


"Good. Best of luck, Mr Matasan."


The phone line goes dead, as you slowly move to the table ahead of you, picking up your shotgun, loading it carefully. You grab Father Féval's silver crucifix, leaning against the wall and sliding down it into a sitting position. You prop the shotgun up in your hands, aiming it at the tunnel ahead of you, and wait.


The waiting is long and hard. Blood loss and exhaustion is an issue, and you focus to stay alert now that the night's adrenaline has calmed. In addition to that, the beast within is howling and roaring, and at several points you have to harshly dig your silver crucifix into your bullet wound, the roar of burning pain and the cross' silver driving the wolf back for a while.


Suddenly, you see a figure entering the room, clad all in black. The figure wears black combat armor with a black gas mask, an assault rifle in his hands. The figure immediately swivels his gun to aim at you, dropping to a knee.


"Drop your weapons!" he yells, his voice muffled by his gas mask.
> You open fire!
You grab your shotgun, swinging it off the table and aiming it at the trooper. He's faster, however, unnaturally fast, raising his gun and dropping to his knees. He raises his assault rifle, firing with a blast as bullets thud into your chest.


The silver rounds tear through your heart, as you collapse backwards, sliding down the wall and leaving a trail of blood. You gasp, as the world begins to go black, the strength pouring out of your body.


"Enemy combatant down, move in!" he says in a deep voice, motioning to the rest of his squad.


You watch as a squad of the soldiers enter the room, clad in black and wielding the same guns. Feeling the silver bullets burn in your chest as he fades black, you feel a glimmer of hope. You're dying tonight, but so are the werewolves. Tonight, Fenrir's put down.


Minutes later, when Mr Gaange's men move your body from the mineshaft, they wonder why you're smiling.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sigh, pressing the number. It rings for a few second, a bright, electronic noise, before it stops.


"Hello," a deep voice answers.


"I'm looking for Mr Gaange. I need that favor."


A light chuckle comes through the phone.


"Already? My, my, someone's been having fun. What do you need?"


"I'm here in the mineshaft just North of that fucking country house your lieutenant was holed up in. There's a werewolf pack based here, with servants helping them and large numbers. I need them wiped out."


"Yes, that does seem like an issue. Well, it's a serious favor, but it is in my interest to deal with these whelps and mongrels either way, they'll be a threat. You do know this means you agree to serve me, don't you?"


You pause for a moment, the room silent.


"I do."


"Good. Then let's get down to it."


You tell Mr Gaange everything you know about the pack and your location, before he stops you.


"That's enough. I have all I need. You're lucky, I have a team nearby covering what happened with my lieutenant. See if you can last another fifteen minutes, and I'll do the rest."


"OK," you answer heavily. "OK."


"Good. Best of luck, Mr Matasan."


The phone line goes dead, as you slowly move to the table ahead of you, picking up your shotgun, loading it carefully. You grab Father Féval's silver crucifix, leaning against the wall and sliding down it into a sitting position. You prop the shotgun up in your hands, aiming it at the tunnel ahead of you, and wait.


The waiting is long and hard. Blood loss and exhaustion is an issue, and you focus to stay alert now that the night's adrenaline has calmed. In addition to that, the beast within is howling and roaring, and at several points you have to harshly dig your silver crucifix into your bullet wound, the roar of burning pain and the cross' silver driving the wolf back for a while.


Suddenly, you see a figure entering the room, clad all in black. The figure wears black combat armor with a black gas mask, an assault rifle in his hands. The figure immediately swivels his gun to aim at you, dropping to a knee.


"Drop your weapons!" he yells, his voice muffled by his gas mask.
> You embrace the beast within
You dig your nails into your skin, roaring as you burst forward. The soldier swings his gun around, dropping to his need with incredible speed and pulling the trigger, a blast of silver bullets spraying out and hitting you square in the chest. You collapse to the ground mid transformation, the silver in your chest stopping your heart and transformation instantly. You hit the ground with a thud, gasping for bloody breath, before going still.


"Enemy combatant down, move in!" he says in a deep voice, motioning to the rest of his squad.


You watch as a squad of the soldiers enter the room, clad in black and wielding the same guns. Feeling the silver bullets burn in your chest as he fades black, you feel a glimmer of hope. You're dying tonight, but so are the werewolves. Tonignt, Fenrir's put down.


Minutes later, when Mr Gaange's men move your body from the mineshaft, they wonder why you're smiling.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sigh, pressing the number. It rings for a few second, a bright, electronic noise, before it stops.


"Hello," a deep voice answers.


"I'm looking for Mr Gaange. I need that favor."


A light chuckle comes through the phone.


"Already? My, my, someone's been having fun. What do you need?"


"I'm here in the mineshaft just North of that fucking country house your lieutenant was holed up in. There's a werewolf pack based here, with servants helping them and large numbers. I need them wiped out."


"Yes, that does seem like an issue. Well, it's a serious favor, but it is in my interest to deal with these whelps and mongrels either way, they'll be a threat. You do know this means you agree to serve me, don't you?"


You pause for a moment, the room silent.


"I do."


"Good. Then let's get down to it."


You tell Mr Gaange everything you know about the pack and your location, before he stops you.


"That's enough. I have all I need. You're lucky, I have a team nearby covering what happened with my lieutenant. See if you can last another fifteen minutes, and I'll do the rest."


"OK," you answer heavily. "OK."


"Good. Best of luck, Mr Matasan."


The phone line goes dead, as you slowly move to the table ahead of you, picking up your shotgun, loading it carefully. You grab Father Féval's silver crucifix, leaning against the wall and sliding down it into a sitting position. You prop the shotgun up in your hands, aiming it at the tunnel ahead of you, and wait.


The waiting is long and hard. Blood loss and exhaustion is an issue, and you focus to stay alert now that the night's adrenaline has calmed. In addition to that, the beast within is howling and roaring, and at several points you have to harshly dig your silver crucifix into your bullet wound, the roar of burning pain and the cross' silver driving the wolf back for a while.


Suddenly, you see a figure entering the room, clad all in black. The figure wears black combat armor with a black gas mask, an assault rifle in his hands. The figure immediately swivels his gun to aim at you, dropping to a knee.


"Drop your weapons!" he yells, his voice muffled by his gas mask.
> You surrender
You drop your weapon, smiling grimly at the man. He moves forward, as more of his squad mates move into the room, sweeping their guns around it as they enter. The soldier in front of you kicks your gun away, before motioning to someone down the tunnel.


"We're clear, we're clear, move in!" he shouts.


The squad disappears off down the tunnel, leaving only two members guarding the way they came in. Then, a figure like a shadow enters the room.


A tall, gaunt man, wear a black suit, black tie and bowler hat walks into the room. His pallor is unnaturally pale, his eyes cold and icy. He smiles at you as he enters, a polite smile with a small pair of fangs becoming clear when he does.


"Mr Matasan, I presume?" he asks, extending his long arm to you.


You grab it, shaking his hand weakly. 


"A pleasure, Mr Gaange."


Mr Gaange sniffs, pulling a disgusted look.


"You'll have to forgive my lack of manners, Mr Matasan, but by god, you smell terrible! Your blood reeks with the bestial stink of Fenrir."


You nod, motioning to the scabbed mess that shows your werewolf bite.


"Aah... unfortunate," Mr Gaange pauses. "I suppose in turning you I'll need to be draining you of your wolf blood before this conversion can take place. Are you ready to join the long night?"


"You can still convert me?" you say, frowning.


"Of course," the Vampire smiles. 


You nod, unsure how you feel about that, before nodding.


"Let's do it," you nod grimly.


Mr Gaange offers you his hand, and you take it. He lowers down, raising your wrist to his fanged mouth. Then, he bites down, two fangs disappearing into your arm with an slight stabbing pain. The vampire begins to suck, as you can feel your arm go weak, then your body, then your entire essence, your blood being drained from your body. You go woozy, eyes fluttering, before you find a new feeling in your body. A new, unholy strength of darkness building in your core. You groan, as your body grows cold, the warmth and energy drained from it, but replaced with something darker.


Moments later, the new you emerges as Mr Gaange pulls his mouth away, dabbing his face with a napkin. You look down to your wrist, two puncture holes in your skin, but no blood trickles out, for none remains.


Your body is cold, your skin pale. You feel your teeth twist in your jaw, a pair of fangs emerging down, but compared to the transformations of the night, it's heaven. Instead of endless burning pain, you just feel numb and cold. However, you feel a newfound power in you. A strength you've never felt before. You smile, nodding your head slowly. 


"Yes... this feels good," you smile. "I feel powerful."


"Good. You take to it well, little one."


You frown realizing how parched your throat is. The beast within you is dead, but your stomach is empty. You don't want food, though. The desperate desire to fill your stomach with flesh is gone. However... you thirst. Terribly so. A deep thirst runs through your body. 


"The thirst will be dealt with soon, don't worry," Mr Gaange smiles. "Sergeant Lund, have one of the captured wolf worshippers brought to me."


The sergeant nods, before saying something in Norwegian into his walkie-talkie. Mere moments later, two of the black-clad soldiers arrive in, dragging a bare-chested, heavily tattooed man with long hair and covered with scars; one of the wolf servants from earlier. He's handcuffed and gagged, but snarls and fights with every step.


"Target here, sir!" one says, bowing his head slightly.


"Offer him to my new associate, if you please, gentlemen. He's growing thirsty," Mr Gaange says.


The two soldiers nod, moving the prisoner in front of you. They grab his head, pulling it aside to reveal his bare neck.


"Enjoy the meal, my good man," Mr Gaange says, grinning. 


With that, you're unable to resist the thirst, feeling so desperate for a think that you'll do anything. You dart your head forward, sinking your fangs into the man with predatory instinct. The man screams into his gag as his artery bursts, as you press your mouth up against the wound and begin to drain him of his blood. You gulp down the blood as quickly as you can, the warm blood filling you and sating your thirst as you sigh in joy. You drink for as long as you can, each gulp bringing you strength and power. Eventually, you pull your head back, your mouth covered with blood as you smile, filled with strength once more. The two soldiers lift the drained corpse onto their shoulders, looking to Mr Gaange.


"Thank you, gentlemen, thank you," Mr Gaange smiles.


You drop to your knees once more, feeling truly powerful and in control, and full. Strength ebbs through your body, as you grin from ear to ear, power filling your very core.


You look up at Mr Gaange, as he offers you his hand.


"Take my hand, Mr Matasan. Tonight, your new life begins."


You feel the power course through your veins, wondering if you could strike and take him down. You'd be breaking your deal, but you have the element of surprise.
> You take Mr Gaange's hand
In Service of the Night


The rest of the night is a hunt of the truest order. With the Hunters, you had limited support, limited training and only whatever equipment you could find. These men are an entirely different order. With unnatural speed, unnatural perception and unnatural strength, they move quickly through the mineshaft, their high-tech gear and weapons  giving them the edge. 


Soon, the pack's been wiped out, every one of the kind dead. You're led out of the mineshaft to where a trio of black helicopters await you, and you're taken off to serve Mr Gaange in your new life.


Life serving Mr Gaange is good. You're given a comfortable, secluded country house in your home country, a small place in Glasgow, although you spend most of your time in hotels and apartments abroad. You serve Mr Gaange as his primary hunter, tasked with targeting the same supernatural threats you hunted in life, investigating them and leading the elimination with Mr Gaange's security force. The types you normally go after are those who cross Mr Gaange, those that threaten to expose the existence of the supernatural to the mortal realm, or those who stand as a threat to man itself, like the werewolf pack you dealt with the night of your first vampiric feeding.


Mr Gaange takes good care of you, like he said. You earn a six figure salary with plenty of perks, and whenever you can't secure some scumbag to feed off in your investigations or hunting, you simply have to call Mr Gaange. Days or even hours later, a bound and gagged man is delivered to you. Mr Gaange assures you that these men are the worst of the worst; traitors, rapists, murderers and those who conspired to help the creatures of the night spill innocent blood. You're never sure, though.


That's a common theme with Mr Gaange. Uncertainty. Through and through it all, you're never sure what his motives are. He sure seems interested in helping humanity, but it could all be to get good publicity and keep the loyalty of his more moral minded servants. You're never sure what his true goals are, or what he really wants. Of course, you know not to look into it. You have a lot of freedom in doing your work, but that privilege is not within your reach.


Still, life is good under Mr Gaange. Sure, you miss the sunlight, and the certainty that what you were doing was right with the Lodge, but overall, you're more effectively hunting your foe and you're living at a far higher standard of living. 


You were once weak and mortal. But now, you are a true hunter. A Vampire. And the night, which was once ruled by the monsters, now belongs to you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You drop your weapon, smiling grimly at the man. He moves forward, as more of his squad mates move into the room, sweeping their guns around it as they enter. The soldier in front of you kicks your gun away, before motioning to someone down the tunnel.


"We're clear, we're clear, move in!" he shouts.


The squad disappears off down the tunnel, leaving only two members guarding the way they came in. Then, a figure like a shadow enters the room.


A tall, gaunt man, wear a black suit, black tie and bowler hat walks into the room. His pallor is unnaturally pale, his eyes cold and icy. He smiles at you as he enters, a polite smile with a small pair of fangs becoming clear when he does.


"Mr Matasan, I presume?" he asks, extending his long arm to you.


You grab it, shaking his hand weakly. 


"A pleasure, Mr Gaange."


Mr Gaange sniffs, pulling a disgusted look.


"You'll have to forgive my lack of manners, Mr Matasan, but by god, you smell terrible! Your blood reeks with the bestial stink of Fenrir."


You nod, motioning to the scabbed mess that shows your werewolf bite.


"Aah... unfortunate," Mr Gaange pauses. "I suppose in turning you I'll need to be draining you of your wolf blood before this conversion can take place. Are you ready to join the long night?"


"You can still convert me?" you say, frowning.


"Of course," the Vampire smiles. 


You nod, unsure how you feel about that, before nodding.


"Let's do it," you nod grimly.


Mr Gaange offers you his hand, and you take it. He lowers down, raising your wrist to his fanged mouth. Then, he bites down, two fangs disappearing into your arm with an slight stabbing pain. The vampire begins to suck, as you can feel your arm go weak, then your body, then your entire essence, your blood being drained from your body. You go woozy, eyes fluttering, before you find a new feeling in your body. A new, unholy strength of darkness building in your core. You groan, as your body grows cold, the warmth and energy drained from it, but replaced with something darker.


Moments later, the new you emerges as Mr Gaange pulls his mouth away, dabbing his face with a napkin. You look down to your wrist, two puncture holes in your skin, but no blood trickles out, for none remains.


Your body is cold, your skin pale. You feel your teeth twist in your jaw, a pair of fangs emerging down, but compared to the transformations of the night, it's heaven. Instead of endless burning pain, you just feel numb and cold. However, you feel a newfound power in you. A strength you've never felt before. You smile, nodding your head slowly. 


"Yes... this feels good," you smile. "I feel powerful."


"Good. You take to it well, little one."


You frown realizing how parched your throat is. The beast within you is dead, but your stomach is empty. You don't want food, though. The desperate desire to fill your stomach with flesh is gone. However... you thirst. Terribly so. A deep thirst runs through your body. 


"The thirst will be dealt with soon, don't worry," Mr Gaange smiles. "Sergeant Lund, have one of the captured wolf worshippers brought to me."


The sergeant nods, before saying something in Norwegian into his walkie-talkie. Mere moments later, two of the black-clad soldiers arrive in, dragging a bare-chested, heavily tattooed man with long hair and covered with scars; one of the wolf servants from earlier. He's handcuffed and gagged, but snarls and fights with every step.


"Target here, sir!" one says, bowing his head slightly.


"Offer him to my new associate, if you please, gentlemen. He's growing thirsty," Mr Gaange says.


The two soldiers nod, moving the prisoner in front of you. They grab his head, pulling it aside to reveal his bare neck.


"Enjoy the meal, my good man," Mr Gaange says, grinning. 


With that, you're unable to resist the thirst, feeling so desperate for a think that you'll do anything. You dart your head forward, sinking your fangs into the man with predatory instinct. The man screams into his gag as his artery bursts, as you press your mouth up against the wound and begin to drain him of his blood. You gulp down the blood as quickly as you can, the warm blood filling you and sating your thirst as you sigh in joy. You drink for as long as you can, each gulp bringing you strength and power. Eventually, you pull your head back, your mouth covered with blood as you smile, filled with strength once more. The two soldiers lift the drained corpse onto their shoulders, looking to Mr Gaange.


"Thank you, gentlemen, thank you," Mr Gaange smiles.


You drop to your knees once more, feeling truly powerful and in control, and full. Strength ebbs through your body, as you grin from ear to ear, power filling your very core.


You look up at Mr Gaange, as he offers you his hand.


"Take my hand, Mr Matasan. Tonight, your new life begins."


You feel the power course through your veins, wondering if you could strike and take him down. You'd be breaking your deal, but you have the element of surprise.
> You strike with your newfound power!
You take a deep breath, focusing on the feeling of your power in your chest, building it through your body before striking. You stab with your sharpened claws, jabbing them for his neck with a snarl. Mr Gaange sidesteps your strike, letting the nail fly past you as he grabs your wrist. He twists your arm around, sending you to your knees as you howl out in pain. Mr Gaange slams you forward, knocking your head into the ground with a thud. 


Mr Gaange drops down, keeping an unnaturally strong grip on your neck as he smashes your head into the ground again, and again, and again, as your nose breaks, blood spurting out onto the ground as your mind quickly goes dark.
> The Darkness consumes you
The Black Coffin


Your hazy mind regains conscious, as you find yourself breathing heavily. There's a throbbing pain in your head as you groan, wondering where you are. Your eyes can see nothing but endless darkness, the rest of your senses just as dull. You reach out into the darkness, finding your fingers brushing against cold metal. You knock your hands against them, trying to move, finding yourself stuck by six tight metal walls.


A light flickers on, as you find yourself staring at a TV screen. The screen depicts the smiling face of Mr Gaange, who is sitting in an armchair in front of a roaring fire. A whiskey glass, filled with dark, crimson liquid, sits in his hands, his face a dim smile.


"Hell, Mr Matasan. It seems that you've betrayed me. I offered you the world, and you accepted. Then, you betrayed me seconds after our agreement. Mere... seconds. Do you remember?"


"Fuck you!" you growl, struggling against the iron coffin.


"And you had such politeness not too long ago," Mr Gaange sighs. "I'm watching you through a camera in this monitor, in case you were wondering. I'll be watching you, and I will have a delightful time doing so. You see, there are two interesting facts about vampires. The first is that we are immortal. Age cannot take us. Disease cannot take us. Starvation cannot take us. The only way we can die is through sunlight, and through being killed by stake, bullet, knife or whatever method. The second thing is that vampires need to drink blood to survive with their sanity intact. Without it, they grow thirsty. At first, simply a dry throat. Then, a deep thirst. A predatory need to feed. And it gets worse, and worse, and worse. Imagine lying in the hottest, driest desert in the world, without the chance to drop to drink. Imagine lying there, desperate, so maddened by thirst you'd do anything for a drop of water... for minutes... hours... days... weeks... months... years... decades... centuries..."


The man laughs deeply. 


"Hard to imagine? Don't worry. There's no need to. You'll understand that pain soon. Here you are, buried in an iron coffin trapped deep underground. Down there, you are incapable of finding a way out. You are trapped. You are never going to escape. And I am going to watch as the thirst grows... as sanity and loneliness set in and tear your soul to shreds... as you suffer for betraying my generous offer. Good night, Mr Matasan."


The screen flicks off, and you scream as you're consumed by total darkness. You scream, and scream, and scream, howling at the darkness, begging and pleading for mercy, pounding at the coffin as the thirst in your soul grows, as you become more and more desperate.


Welcome to eternity.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk over to the table, examining the items. Revolvers, pistols, blades, a shotgun, a rifle, an assault weapon... you pause, realizing what you're looking at. These are the weapons, gear and general items taken from the corpses at the crash site. You see your own silver dagger lying there, realizing they must've gathered up your weapons and what fell from the tatters of your clothes. You trace your fingers alongside your personal shotgun which lies there on the table, staring at the silver shells that lie alongside it. You notice Hans' dog tags, Father Féval's silver cross, the items that remind you of the others. 


However, just as you're about to turn away, you notice another object lying on the table. You lean over it, slowly examining it. The cell phone from earlier. The one given to you by Mr Gaange. You look at it, flipping it open, revealing its at half charge, its screen brightly chirping at you with a beep as it turns on. The phone starts up on the CONTACTS page, with a single number, with the contact name Mr Black. 


You pause for a moment, wondering whether to call. Perhaps he has the ability to deal with the threat here. To avenge your comrades. Of course... a deal with the dark isn't your ideal choice.
> You destroy the phone
You draw a revolver from the table, checking to make sure its loaded, before aiming at the table. You fire, the phone exploding in a burst of wires and plastic.


"Hope I don't leave you waiting for the call, vampire," you say grimly, before shaking your head. 


You drop the revolver to the table with a loud clatter, looking around the rest of the room.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You push your head up to the bizarre object, sniffing. The outside seems to be made of burning metal, its very aura unnerving you, but the inside is made of colder metal, and you gently press your nose against it, smelling it. It smells ever so faintly of blood, and...


Suddenly, the device snaps shut, slicing through your nose as you scream out in pain, collapsing back. The object traps your face in its burning saws, sending waves of burning pain through you. Blood pours down your snout as you scream, the tip of your nose messily hacked off, beginning to burn. You yank your face back, breaking free of the device and spraying the area with a light mist of blood as you find yourself collapsing to the ground, darkness hitting you in waves which contrast with the waves of burning pain, as you're left lying there, your body breaking and burning with pain once again.


You don't know whether it's hours, minutes or seconds later, but soon, you find sanity once again. You slowly take breath through your lips, which are torn up, cut and bleeding, your upper lip barely hanging on. Thankfully, the healing factor of the werewolves has left your upper lip scabbing up in a mismatched mess of colors. You nose is heavily damaged, smell somewhat obscured in your left nostril from the dried blood and pus clogging it. You scratch at it, a thin stream of warm blood running down your face. You groan, before finding the strength left in you.


Knowing that it's too late for you to just lay down and die, you take a deep breath, focusing your remaining strength of what you can find inside you. You roll to your knees, resting a hand against the cold earth as you relax your tired muscles, looking around the room. 


The room must've been a mineshaft intersection at one point. It's been rigged up with lights and electricity, with a large desk stacked with television screens in the corner of the room. You peer over at them, watching the various scenes of the forest. It must be another bunch of cameras connected to the screens.


Your eyes flicker to the hung up "meat" ahead of you, hanging from the ceiling, as you begin to feel sick. The mutilated, bleeding corpses of Hans Hirsch, Russel Sloane and Father Charles Féval hang from the ceiling, blood dripping down and pooling underneath them. Russel Sloane's been hacked apart, his face a crushed mess, his body missing dozens of chunks of flesh all over him from the pickings the werewolves chewed off him. Hans Hirsh is even less so, his upper body entirely missing, only a pair of legs in gray trousers with black, polished boots. You recognize him from his boots, and his boots alone.


Father Féval's body still bares the marks of your shotgun blast, his chest blown apart, ribs hanging down to the ground. He's the most intact corpse there, yet the most gruesome. His face is stuck forever in an expression of fear and pain, his eyes dead and hollow, completely lifeless. You reach for your knife to cut them down, sighing as you realize its not there, and you're several outfits from the one you dressed yourself in this morning. Hell, maybe you should leave them up there anyway. At least the rats won't get there.


You feel a pang of hunger, and draw your eyes away from your comrades. You won't disgrace them like that.


Scanning the room, you find yourself staring at the table propped up against the wall, stacked with various items. Cellphones, guns, knives, ammo, equipment and an assortment of other items. 


At the 


Then, there's the tunnel. A long, dark cavern going in the other direction that you've went down. The howls you heard came from down there. That's where the wolves are. That's where you'll need to go to finish this.


You look down at the map ahead of you, a sprawled out blueprints of the mine. Scanning it quickly, your old eyes take in the information you need. Though you're weak in Norway, you manage to make out the notes sprawled across the page. There's a dozen designations across the various areas in the mine. Judging by where you came in, you're in the "Security Room". There's also the "Sleeping Chambers", "(HUMAN) Sleeping Chambers", "Feeding Area", and...


You pause, tapping your finger. The "Mine Equipment Storage Area (Armory)". Given the impressive arsenal of explosives that was at the scout house, there'd be even more explosives there at the armory. Enough to take down a mine. If there's even a fraction more explosives there, there might be enough to collapse the mine on itself and to kill all the beasts that prowl these mines. Perhaps you might find some use there. It's as good a place to start as any, given you won't be able to take down the horde with firearms alone. 


You turn your head, hearing a low growl nearby, only to find yourself staring at the blank stone walls. You squint your eyes, making out murals among them. Blood red images crudely painted, depicting fearsome creatures and other scenes. Interesting.
> You investigate the murals
You walk forward, staring at the wall in front of you. The scenes are in red paint, depicting fearsome werewolves prowling across the wall, chasing simple outlines of human figures. You follow it from right to left, seeing a massive chained wolf howling at the sky at the very left. Despite the brutal simplicity of the drawings, they reflect a certain life, certain realism, a certain bestial energy that's beyond you. You stare inherently, slowly moving your hands towards them.


Your hands slowly edge towards the murals, fingers tracing the outlines of shapes and scenes. The first one depicts a wolf, bound and chained, surrounded by vague outlines of spear-wielding humans. The next depicts a spear wielding human holding a chain in the beasts maw. The next seems to depict a half-man, half-wolf. No doubt the first werewolf, frozen mid transformation in a scream.


You pause, staring at the scene in front of you. Despite the simplistic nature of the drawing, being little more than a stick man with a wolf head and claw, most other duties vague and confusing to you, but it holds impact to you. You can almost hear the faint screams of the man as they turn to howls, feel the familiar pain he went through in your heart. You truly understand him.


As you look on, the pictures seem to beat and hum with an animalistic energy. The next scene shows the werewolf hunting down packs of warriors, catching one by the leg. The next shows the werewolf watching him transform, as once again his painful transformation feels all too familiar to you. Then, you see an image of a pack of werewolves running against the tunnel walls. 


The final image shows you the glowing image of the moon, surrounded by a pack of werewolves tearing around Mother Luna. You stare at the moon, watching as the symbol drawing hums and haws with power, glowing in your eyes with a tremendous power beyond human comprehension. You watch, your eyes shining in the reflection. 


Bright. Moon. Power! Beast! FENRIR! FENRIR CALLS!


You heard the world shake and shiver around you, as a booming growl fills the tunnels.


"Little one... look at how far you've fallen. Once a proud mortal hunter, now a slave to your bestial urges... my bestial urges," a booming voice growls, tearing through your mind as you feel the urge to howl back at it. 


You drop to your knees, clutching your hands to your head, you try to focus on the burn of the silver inside you or your wounds, trying not to let your urges consume you.


"I am Fenrir, God of Beasts, Hróðvitnir, Hound of  Ragnarök, Vánagandr, son of Loki, father of Sköll and Hati Hróðvitnisson, the prophesied killer of Odin, the creator of the werewolves and the Great Maw That Will Consume The World."


Focusing on your pain, you manage to hold back the beast within, but only barely. Focusing on the burning hot silver coals in your chest, the pain of your torn up face and the stab wound in your side that's been jabbed in your side, you hold onto your sanity, your humanity, yourself.


"You've proven yourself strong. Courageous. Violent. Powerful. I wish to make you my champion. I will sharpen your bestial instinct, I will lengthen your claws, broaden your form, strengthen your flesh, harden your bones. I will make you far more powerful than you have been tonight, a true avatar of my form."


You stare ahead at the mural, as the confusing red lines seem to draw together in the growling face of a wolf for a moment, before it becomes too painful to look at.


"Simply... embrace the change. Embrace the beast within. Embrace yourself. I'll even leave you with enough of a mind that you can finish what you started here. All you have to do is to release the beast within, and answer my call!"
> You aNSWER FENRIR'S CALL! RELEASE THE BEAST!
The fear, the anger, the hate, the sadness and the pain inside you are consumed by the beast within, as you release your pent up emotions in a roar. Fenrir answers your roar with one of his own, as you collapse to your knees, hair sprouting rapidly to coat your body in a thick coating. Pain courses through you, but unlike before, its a good pain, like the burn of exercising. Your muscles grow and thicken in large coils beyond anything you've grown tonight, skin stretching to cover it. Your teeth sharpen, allowing you to form a malevolent grin that stretches across your face as it twists into a snout. Your ears flicker, listening carefully to the noises of the mineshaft, hearing a chorus of howls further down. 


Your lean back on your hind legs, your arms broken and reformed into forelegs topped with beautifully sharp claws that stretch from your fingernails, blood pouring forth from your hand, running down your fur-covered fingers as you laugh, your lupine vocal cords morphing the noise into a deep, guttural noise. Losing all traces of humanity, all you feel is a bloodlust beyond that of any man's mind, with a hunger filling you. You lick your lips greedily, ready to strike.


You stand, tall and strong, much larger than you ever have, snarling and running your tongue along your sharpened teeth, like dozens of ivory daggers. You feel strength course through your blood, feeling the true power of Fenrir. No longer are you bound by your weak, wretched human form. Now you have the body of a true predator, gifted to you by the God of Beasts. You are a hunter. Those werewolves that are foolish enough to remain in this mine shaft are you prey. 


"Good... good, little one," the voice of Fenrir whispers. "Now... hunt."


Time to answer his call.
> You carve your way to the Alpha
Fenrir's call having strengthened your soul and sharpened your abilities, your lupine hunting form solidified, your claws sharpened and a true feeling of power in your heart, you're ready to strike. You hurry through the mine shafts and tunnels, nostrils filled with the pungent odor of the other werewolves hiding in the tunnels. 


The werewolves are easy to hunt down through the tunnels, as you slaughter them like lambs. With your abilities, you've found that you're faster, stronger and better than any you come across. They're lambs, and you're a wolf. Any werewolves caught by themselves are torn apart, clawed up or eaten, none able to escape your fury. However, these are just simple targets to take down, not the main threat. The main threat's scent is on your nose, and you're hunting him down.


You enter a large, open room of the mine shaft, and you find it emerging from the darkness.


The Alpha.


The creature stares at you with its one working eye, an eye that seems twisted by malice. It slowly prowls ahead, thin, angular body emerging from the darkness.  It lets out a bark, as the other werewolves in the mine shaft slowly part, moving back to allow you two to fight.


It's a challenge. The Alpha is challenging you for dominance, clearly aware that its position is tenuous, and that if it doesn't take down the new threat, it'll lose the respect of its pack. It's lost Fenrir's favor, and needs to regain it. You won't let it.


Kill! Slaughter! TEAR! BITE! CLAW! HACK! EAT! BLOOD! FLESH! EVISCERATE"


The werewolf lunges forward towards you, as you're left ready to take down the beast.
> You rend the creatures face open with your claws
You slash your claws forward, tearing through the Alpha's face and carving through its snout, but the full weight of hundreds of pounds are still barreling on top of you, as they slam into you, knocking you to the ground with a thud. The weight smashes you against the ground with a pained yell, as you're pinned to the ground. 


The Alpha howls, blood spraying down from its face, but its still got the instinct to keep you pinned down. The creature keeps you forced against the ground, pressing its claws against you as you only barely manage to force it back. It's snapping maw nears your face, as you attempt to keep the creature off you. You find yourself stuck and unable to react.
> You throw the beast off you
You roll your legs under the Alpha's weight, forcing your legs forwards under the creature's weight as you ram your claws against its chest, trying to push it off. You push with all your might, and the Alpha begins to budge, before taking its chance to strike.


With your four legs pressed up against the creature's body in your attempt to throw it off, its claws are free, and burst forward, slashing at you. Two pairs of claws hack across your face, cutting through your snout and tearing it off, before cutting through your skull as you howl in pain. The claws tear through your face, leaving you broken and bleeding, before your head drops to the ground, blood staining your fur.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slash your claws forward, tearing through the Alpha's face and carving through its snout, but the full weight of hundreds of pounds are still barreling on top of you, as they slam into you, knocking you to the ground with a thud. The weight smashes you against the ground with a pained yell, as you're pinned to the ground. 


The Alpha howls, blood spraying down from its face, but its still got the instinct to keep you pinned down. The creature keeps you forced against the ground, pressing its claws against you as you only barely manage to force it back. It's snapping maw nears your face, as you attempt to keep the creature off you. You find yourself stuck and unable to react.
> You scratch at the creature's eyes
You move your claw under the creature's weight, before slashing your furs towards the Alpha's bloody face. However, the creature's just had to feel the pain of your claws slashing through your face, as it strains to raise its head and keep your claws away from it. It manages to keep your claws from cutting through little but fur, as you wear out your strength. Soon, your strength is sapped, and you go weak under its weight. 


With your strength sapped, the Alpha smashes its claws down and bashes past your weak arms, hacking through your chest and busting through your ribcage. You howl, pain wracking through you as you go weak, body shuddering as your heart is crushed under the Alpha's blows.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slash your claws forward, tearing through the Alpha's face and carving through its snout, but the full weight of hundreds of pounds are still barreling on top of you, as they slam into you, knocking you to the ground with a thud. The weight smashes you against the ground with a pained yell, as you're pinned to the ground. 


The Alpha howls, blood spraying down from its face, but its still got the instinct to keep you pinned down. The creature keeps you forced against the ground, pressing its claws against you as you only barely manage to force it back. It's snapping maw nears your face, as you attempt to keep the creature off you. You find yourself stuck and unable to react.
> You hack open the creature's arm
You hack your claws at the creature's arm, or leg, or whatever it could be called, cutting through its flesh and muscles, tearing through hide and fur to the point where your claw is scraping against bone. The creature howls in pain, rolling off you as it retreats with its torn up limb. You pounce forward, unready to give it's a moment respite from the bloodshed.


You grab the Alpha in an embrace, forcing the creature back as its claws and arms wrap around. The two of you force your strengths against each other, each trying to push other down to tear your foe apart, but its an equal battle. Even with your gifts from Fenrir, the Alpha is an old being with a fearsome strength, and far beyond what you've dealt with before. 


The two of you fight, claw and tooth, howling and roaring in the mineshaft, as you try to find everything within you you can find to win this battle.
> You kill! KILL! Call upon Fenrir's strength and kill!
You roar, feeling Fenrir's might rush through your body. You ram the creature backwards, roaring and howling as you push the creature backwards. 


STRENGTH! POWER! RAGE! KILL! DIE!


You force the Alpha back again, releasing a burst of laughing as you realize the creature isn't an Alpha. Its a weak, fragile creature to be torn apart. Roaring once more, you ram the creature against the mine shaft, before knocking it to the ground to bash your claw against the creature's skull. You knock it over onto its back with a swipe, before diving atop it, tearing your jaws into it. You tear out its throat, lifting your head into the air and swallowing it with a wave of blood and flesh. It tries to whimper, but its only a wet squelch. 


You stare at the other wolves, seeing them bow their heads, low and submissive of you. They're no longer your enemy. They're weak, and they see someone strong. You're their inspiration. You're their leader. Any traces of humanity is gone, as your howl joins Fenrir's. You are one of these creatures. You are their leader. This is your destiny.


You lift your head towards the sky, and howl, as your call is answered by the rest of your pack.
> You take control of your new pack
The New Alpha


You sprint through the forest, the glow of the moon above you, lighting your path and filling you with strength. Your companions follow you, prowling through the shadows, their every sound and movement a communication to you.


Run. Lead. Track! Sprint! HUNT!


You keep running, your ears flickering as you hear the sounds of the forest, your nose smelling the scents that fill the forest. Your body is perfect for sprinting through the forest, designed for running, for leaping and pouncing. Your claws are weapons designed to kill, your teeth knives to pierce and cut. You are a killing machine, a predator designed from millions of years. You are Fenrir's champion, blessed with his abilities, his form, his instincts, his nature, his power!


You are a hunter.


You reach the ridge at the edge of the forest, staring down at the moonlit suburbs. The suburbs seem strange, bizarre and confusing, but your instincts and the barest remains of your humanity know that they're filled with people. 


Lights. Noise. Humans! Prey! HUNT! KILL! 


The buzz of the suburbs, the strange, unnatural lights from the buildings and the strange sounds of humans activity. The suburbs are filled with the weak, pathetic prey animals. They're down there, little more than easy meals to be torn apart or devoured, with the worthiest given Fenrir's gift. They're down there, unaware to what owns the night.


They are your prey. 


You let out your howl, as you watch as dozens upon dozens of werewolves emerge from the trees, staring down greedily towards the town. Those you're created, those you're recruited, those who have answered your call. The werewolves begin to descend upon the suburbs, racing towards the buildings. You howl again, a fierce noise as you howl towards the bright moon that hangs low in the sky.


Tonight, you hunt in the pale moonlight. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You hack your claws at the creature's arm, or leg, or whatever it could be called, cutting through its flesh and muscles, tearing through hide and fur to the point where your claw is scraping against bone. The creature howls in pain, rolling off you as it retreats with its torn up limb. You pounce forward, unready to give it's a moment respite from the bloodshed.


You grab the Alpha in an embrace, forcing the creature back as its claws and arms wrap around. The two of you force your strengths against each other, each trying to push other down to tear your foe apart, but its an equal battle. Even with your gifts from Fenrir, the Alpha is an old being with a fearsome strength, and far beyond what you've dealt with before. 


The two of you fight, claw and tooth, howling and roaring in the mineshaft, as you try to find everything within you you can find to win this battle.
> You focus and use all of your might!
You focus, focusing on the pain in your chest, the wound in your side, your carved up nose. You growl, finding the strength rise up inside of you, focusing on your task. You need one more drop of strength tonight. One more victory!


You dig your heels in, roaring as you toss the werewolf backwards, overcoming its strength and flipping it onto its back. As the creature collapses onto the ground, you lead forward, landing atop the creature. It howls out in pain, before you slam your claws against the creature's head with all your strength, crushing the creature's skull with one solid motion, killing it instantly.


You howl towards the moon, a noise which soon turns to laughter. You turn other werewolves, finding them either fleeing into the woods again or whimpering at you. You laugh, ready to hunt down the mongrels that flee from your sight. 


Over the next few hours before sunrise, you hunt down the remaining the werewolves. They flee into the night, but your senses mean they're incapable of escaping and your claws and teeth mean that they're never going to escape from you. Soon, your belly is full with flesh, your hair streaked with blood, and the remaining survivors of the pack finished off or having fled.


You sprint along the ground, instinct running through you as you sprint through the forest, following one of the last werewolves to have fled the scene. You're tight on her tail, ready to finish her off, before you hear a barrage of gunfire. Looking ahead, you hear a burst of gunfire, as you slide to a halt. You slam your claws into a tree and skid to a halt, your eyes staring through the trees as you find yourself staring at a werewolf being gunned down. You quickly disappear into the bushes and undergrowth, staring through as a squad of Hunters appears, no doubt looking for what happened to the rest of you. 


You pause, wondering whether to try talk to them, or retreat into the woods and leave the world alone.
> You make contact with the Hunters
You slowly approach the group of hunters, head down. You take  One of the Hunters lets out a yell, as they group quickly turn around to aim at you.


"It's trying to communicate," one of the Hunters says incredulously. "It's non-hostile."


"It's must have some dregs of humanity left. Keep aim, lads!" Ernest shouts.


You pause, eyes flickering over the leader of the Hunters, wondering where you recognize him from. Some distant memory that's rapidly fading from your mind. Soon, you no longer remember his name, only recognizing his status as leader through his physical cues. The Hunters faces twist into ones of confusion and malice, but they hold fire.


"Listen to me, beast," Ernest says sternly, sighing his face. "If you can hear me, it's OK. We need to put you down. I think that we both know that. I know you did, somewhere it what remains of your soul. It's OK. It'll be OK. May God have mercy on your soul."


Feeling pain run through you, you lower your face, not able to meet his gaze as you try to decide your future.
> You let them kill you
A Well-Deserved Rest


You look down at the Hunters, your head lowering as you rest it against the cold soil, breathing heavily. The adrenaline fading from your blood, you just feel tired. Broken. Exhausted. Above all, you're ready to rest. You don't want violence. Only sleep.


The Hunters raise their weapons, aiming it at your skull as they prepare to fire. You stare at them, letting go of the hatred, anger, worry, fear and terror of the night, calming the beast within, and wait. The werewolf pack is dead. Your mission is finished. Humanity is safe. There's nothing more for you left.


The guns fire, and the silver bullets tear lupine skull and flesh, blowing apart your brain and shooting out the top of your skull. Darkness shrouds over you, and you can feel the desperate, clawing, howling beast within you get pulled down into the depths of darkness with you.


Now, the eternal rest is all that's left for you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slowly approach the group of hunters, head down. You take  One of the Hunters lets out a yell, as they group quickly turn around to aim at you.


"It's trying to communicate," one of the Hunters says incredulously. "It's non-hostile."


"It's must have some dregs of humanity left. Keep aim, lads!" Ernest shouts.


You pause, eyes flickering over the leader of the Hunters, wondering where you recognize him from. Some distant memory that's rapidly fading from your mind. Soon, you no longer remember his name, only recognizing his status as leader through his physical cues. The Hunters faces twist into ones of confusion and malice, but they hold fire.


"Listen to me, beast," Ernest says sternly, sighing his face. "If you can hear me, it's OK. We need to put you down. I think that we both know that. I know you did, somewhere it what remains of your soul. It's OK. It'll be OK. May God have mercy on your soul."


Feeling pain run through you, you lower your face, not able to meet his gaze as you try to decide your future.
> You flee deeper into the woods
You twist around on your legs, bursting off them in a single leap as you find yourself flying through the air, finding yourself in a sprint. The Hunters raise their weapons, a burst of bullets firing out as you leap from side to side, rushing behind the trees as bullets hit the dirt around you, splintering wood and narrowly missing you.


Still, you're faster than they could be, and with your blessings, you manage to avoid the bullets with ease. Soon, you're out of range of the gunfire, hurrying along the woods as the sound of gunfire becomes more and more distant, as you head deeper and deeper into the endless forest.


As you run, your worries, your hate, your anger burns away, as you just find yourself running, any traces of humanity being shed with each step. Mankind has rejected you. Fenrir has taken you in. You're no longer human.


You are a beast. You are a predator. You are a hunter.


You hear a few scattered howls through the forest, the answer of the surviving werewolves to your call. You howl once more, calling them to you. You have no need for Hunters anymore. You have your own predators now. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slowly approach the group of hunters, head down. You take  One of the Hunters lets out a yell, as they group quickly turn around to aim at you.


"It's trying to communicate," one of the Hunters says incredulously. "It's non-hostile."


"It's must have some dregs of humanity left. Keep aim, lads!" Ernest shouts.


You pause, eyes flickering over the leader of the Hunters, wondering where you recognize him from. Some distant memory that's rapidly fading from your mind. Soon, you no longer remember his name, only recognizing his status as leader through his physical cues. The Hunters faces twist into ones of confusion and malice, but they hold fire.


"Listen to me, beast," Ernest says sternly, sighing his face. "If you can hear me, it's OK. We need to put you down. I think that we both know that. I know you did, somewhere it what remains of your soul. It's OK. It'll be OK. May God have mercy on your soul."


Feeling pain run through you, you lower your face, not able to meet his gaze as you try to decide your future.
> You slaughter them all
You let out a fearsome roar, bursting forward with a roar. The Hunters balk at the sound, as you dive forward, claws raised and teeth bared.


The Hunters are used to dealing with werewolves, but you're no mere werewolf. You are the champion of Fenrir. You have his strength, his speed, his abilities, his ferocity. They don't have a chance. You swing your claw, tearing through a Hunter's neck and nearly beheading him with a spurt of blood, sending them flying aside. Your maw snaps onto a Hunter's arm and tearing it off with one motion, throwing it across the earth. You dive aside, dodging a barrage of bullets. You lunge forward, tackling a Hunter and crushing her under your weight and crushing her lungs. You reach your jaws down, tearing out her throat with ease, as you stare over towards the survivors, blood dripping from your maw as you let out a low growl. 


The last two Hunters turn, fleeing back towards their truck, running desperately as if they have some hope of escape. You easily race down to catch them, knocking away one of their legs and crushing his skull, before tackling the last one and slashing through her neck with your claws. Victorious, you howl towards the moon, laughter racing through you.


You look at the scene around of you, slaughtered Hunters lying dead on the ground, blood sinking into the ground. There's no place for you hear. Prey, all slaughtered like lambs.Too weak for you.


You hear a few scattered howls through the forest, the answer of the surviving werewolves to your call. You howl once more, calling them to you. You have no need for Hunters anymore. You have your own predators now. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You focus, focusing on the pain in your chest, the wound in your side, your carved up nose. You growl, finding the strength rise up inside of you, focusing on your task. You need one more drop of strength tonight. One more victory!


You dig your heels in, roaring as you toss the werewolf backwards, overcoming its strength and flipping it onto its back. As the creature collapses onto the ground, you lead forward, landing atop the creature. It howls out in pain, before you slam your claws against the creature's head with all your strength, crushing the creature's skull with one solid motion, killing it instantly.


You howl towards the moon, a noise which soon turns to laughter. You turn other werewolves, finding them either fleeing into the woods again or whimpering at you. You laugh, ready to hunt down the mongrels that flee from your sight. 


Over the next few hours before sunrise, you hunt down the remaining the werewolves. They flee into the night, but your senses mean they're incapable of escaping and your claws and teeth mean that they're never going to escape from you. Soon, your belly is full with flesh, your hair streaked with blood, and the remaining survivors of the pack finished off or having fled.


You sprint along the ground, instinct running through you as you sprint through the forest, following one of the last werewolves to have fled the scene. You're tight on her tail, ready to finish her off, before you hear a barrage of gunfire. Looking ahead, you hear a burst of gunfire, as you slide to a halt. You slam your claws into a tree and skid to a halt, your eyes staring through the trees as you find yourself staring at a werewolf being gunned down. You quickly disappear into the bushes and undergrowth, staring through as a squad of Hunters appears, no doubt looking for what happened to the rest of you. 


You pause, wondering whether to try talk to them, or retreat into the woods and leave the world alone.
> You retreat deeper into the woods
The Hunters wouldn't understand you. They'd never understand what you are, never trust you. They'd simply see you as a different form of beast entirely, but still something to be hunted down and killed. You are no longer one of their kind. You are one of Fenrir's children now, not Adam's.


You sprint as fast as you can, paws feeling the cold soil underneath you as the trees fly past. As you run, your worries, your hate, your anger burns away, as you just find yourself running, any traces of humanity being shed with each step. Mankind has rejected you. Fenrir has taken you in. You're no longer human.


You are a beast. You are a predator. You are a hunter.


You hear a few scattered howls through the forest, the answer of the surviving werewolves to your call. You howl once more, calling them to you. You have no need for Hunters anymore. You have your own predators now. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You focus, focusing on the pain in your chest, the wound in your side, your carved up nose. You growl, finding the strength rise up inside of you, focusing on your task. You need one more drop of strength tonight. One more victory!


You dig your heels in, roaring as you toss the werewolf backwards, overcoming its strength and flipping it onto its back. As the creature collapses onto the ground, you lead forward, landing atop the creature. It howls out in pain, before you slam your claws against the creature's head with all your strength, crushing the creature's skull with one solid motion, killing it instantly.


You howl towards the moon, a noise which soon turns to laughter. You turn other werewolves, finding them either fleeing into the woods again or whimpering at you. You laugh, ready to hunt down the mongrels that flee from your sight. 


Over the next few hours before sunrise, you hunt down the remaining the werewolves. They flee into the night, but your senses mean they're incapable of escaping and your claws and teeth mean that they're never going to escape from you. Soon, your belly is full with flesh, your hair streaked with blood, and the remaining survivors of the pack finished off or having fled.


You sprint along the ground, instinct running through you as you sprint through the forest, following one of the last werewolves to have fled the scene. You're tight on her tail, ready to finish her off, before you hear a barrage of gunfire. Looking ahead, you hear a burst of gunfire, as you slide to a halt. You slam your claws into a tree and skid to a halt, your eyes staring through the trees as you find yourself staring at a werewolf being gunned down. You quickly disappear into the bushes and undergrowth, staring through as a squad of Hunters appears, no doubt looking for what happened to the rest of you. 


You pause, wondering whether to try talk to them, or retreat into the woods and leave the world alone.
> You hunt! Kill! FEED!
You let out a fearsome roar, bursting forward with a roar. The human prey animals balk at the sound, as you dive forward, claws raised and teeth bared.


The Hunters are used to dealing with werewolves, but you're no mere werewolf. You are the champion of Fenrir. You have his strength, his speed, his abilities, his ferocity. They don't have a chance. You swing your claw, tearing through a Hunter's neck and nearly beheading him with a spurt of blood, sending them flying aside. Your maw snaps onto a Hunter's arm and tearing it off with one motion, throwing it across the earth. You dive aside, dodging a barrage of bullets. You lunge forward, tackling a Hunter and crushing her under your weight and crushing her lungs. You reach your jaws down, tearing out her throat with ease, as you stare over towards the survivors, blood dripping from your maw as you let out a low growl. 


The last two Hunters turn, fleeing back towards their truck, running desperately as if they have some hope of escape. You easily race down to catch them, knocking away one of their legs and crushing his skull, before tackling the last one and slashing through her neck with your claws. Victorious, you howl towards the moon, laughter racing through you.


You look at the scene around of you, slaughtered Hunters lying dead on the ground, blood sinking into the ground. There's no place for you hear. Prey, all slaughtered like lambs.Too weak for you.


You hear a few scattered howls through the forest, the answer of the surviving werewolves to your call. You howl once more, calling them to you. You have no need for Hunters anymore. You have your own predators now. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You hack your claws at the creature's arm, or leg, or whatever it could be called, cutting through its flesh and muscles, tearing through hide and fur to the point where your claw is scraping against bone. The creature howls in pain, rolling off you as it retreats with its torn up limb. You pounce forward, unready to give it's a moment respite from the bloodshed.


You grab the Alpha in an embrace, forcing the creature back as its claws and arms wrap around. The two of you force your strengths against each other, each trying to push other down to tear your foe apart, but its an equal battle. Even with your gifts from Fenrir, the Alpha is an old being with a fearsome strength, and far beyond what you've dealt with before. 


The two of you fight, claw and tooth, howling and roaring in the mineshaft, as you try to find everything within you you can find to win this battle.
> You escape from the embrace and retreat to a safer distance
You knock the beast back quickly, before scampering backwards to escape your foe. However, the Alpha manages to catch your snout with a powerful claw strike as you fumble back, nearly tearing your snout in two. You continue retreating backwards, but the creature lunges forward, tackling you. As you're left undefended and scampering backwards, you're practically unable to defend yourself as the creature slams you against the ground, snapping your neck with ease.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Fenrir's call having strengthened your soul and sharpened your abilities, your lupine hunting form solidified, your claws sharpened and a true feeling of power in your heart, you're ready to strike. You hurry through the mine shafts and tunnels, nostrils filled with the pungent odor of the other werewolves hiding in the tunnels. 


The werewolves are easy to hunt down through the tunnels, as you slaughter them like lambs. With your abilities, you've found that you're faster, stronger and better than any you come across. They're lambs, and you're a wolf. Any werewolves caught by themselves are torn apart, clawed up or eaten, none able to escape your fury. However, these are just simple targets to take down, not the main threat. The main threat's scent is on your nose, and you're hunting him down.


You enter a large, open room of the mine shaft, and you find it emerging from the darkness.


The Alpha.


The creature stares at you with its one working eye, an eye that seems twisted by malice. It slowly prowls ahead, thin, angular body emerging from the darkness.  It lets out a bark, as the other werewolves in the mine shaft slowly part, moving back to allow you two to fight.


It's a challenge. The Alpha is challenging you for dominance, clearly aware that its position is tenuous, and that if it doesn't take down the new threat, it'll lose the respect of its pack. It's lost Fenrir's favor, and needs to regain it. You won't let it.


Kill! Slaughter! TEAR! BITE! CLAW! HACK! EAT! BLOOD! FLESH! EVISCERATE"


The werewolf lunges forward towards you, as you're left ready to take down the beast.
> You leap forward and tackle the beast
You leap forward with a howl, your full weight smashing into the Alpha as the two of you roll to the side and smack into the dirt. You grab the Alpha in an embrace, forcing the creature back as its claws and arms wrap around. The two of you force your strengths against each other, each trying to push other down to tear your foe apart, but its an equal battle. Even with your gifts from Fenrir, the Alpha is an old being with a fearsome strength, and far beyond what you've dealt with before. 


The two of you fight, claw and tooth, howling and roaring in the mineshaft, as you try to find everything within you you can find to win this battle.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Fenrir's call having strengthened your soul and sharpened your abilities, your lupine hunting form solidified, your claws sharpened and a true feeling of power in your heart, you're ready to strike. You hurry through the mine shafts and tunnels, nostrils filled with the pungent odor of the other werewolves hiding in the tunnels. 


The werewolves are easy to hunt down through the tunnels, as you slaughter them like lambs. With your abilities, you've found that you're faster, stronger and better than any you come across. They're lambs, and you're a wolf. Any werewolves caught by themselves are torn apart, clawed up or eaten, none able to escape your fury. However, these are just simple targets to take down, not the main threat. The main threat's scent is on your nose, and you're hunting him down.


You enter a large, open room of the mine shaft, and you find it emerging from the darkness.


The Alpha.


The creature stares at you with its one working eye, an eye that seems twisted by malice. It slowly prowls ahead, thin, angular body emerging from the darkness.  It lets out a bark, as the other werewolves in the mine shaft slowly part, moving back to allow you two to fight.


It's a challenge. The Alpha is challenging you for dominance, clearly aware that its position is tenuous, and that if it doesn't take down the new threat, it'll lose the respect of its pack. It's lost Fenrir's favor, and needs to regain it. You won't let it.


Kill! Slaughter! TEAR! BITE! CLAW! HACK! EAT! BLOOD! FLESH! EVISCERATE"


The werewolf lunges forward towards you, as you're left ready to take down the beast.
> You roll to the side and avoid its strike
You roll to the side, dashing past as the Alpha slams into the tunnel wall behind you, unable to stop the weight and speed of its lunge and instead crashing upon itself. It collapses to the ground. It falls upon itself as it scrambles to find its position.


You wonder whether its time to strike, to tear the creature limb for limb while its off-balance, or whether to keep your distance, letting the creature make a few more lunges so the creature can tire itself out, before finishing it off with a few quick and heavy strikes.
> You tear through it with tooth and claw!
You lunge forward, hitting the Alpha by the side and knocking the creature on its side. You bite down on a mouthful of flesh, tearing through fur and hide to chew into human flesh, devouring it as the warm, wet beat slides down your throat. You slash your claws, cutting and carving through the creature's side as it tries to escape from your grip, but finds itself unable. It manages to press its claws against your own, stopping you from striking as it uses its leg to push your body away from its own, to keep its jaw away.


The creature's dazed and wounded, semi-pinned under your weight, but its powerful maw is still lunging out at you, desperately trying to tear out your throat. If you're going to finish it before it gets a lucky blow or manages to turn the situation around, you need to do it quickly. 
> You crush its skull!
You swing your claw down towards the creature's skull with all your might. The Alpha snaps its jaw forward, its maw tearing into your swinging arm. The strength of your swing only drives your flesh upon their teeth, as you find your arm locked in the Alpha's jaw as it tears through your flesh. The Alpha bites down with all its strength, tearing through your arm. The force of the bite breaks through bone and tears through muscle, as your arm is torn in two. 


You howl, your bleeding limb screaming with pain. You try to scamper away, but lacking one leg, you simply collapse to the ground, leaving the Alpha with the chance to strike. The Alpha tackles you, pinning you to the ground as its maw once again strikes, sinking into your neck and tearing out your throat. A torrential wave of blood bursts forward, staining your blood red and leaving you sinking to the ground, dead before your head hits the soil.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You lunge forward, hitting the Alpha by the side and knocking the creature on its side. You bite down on a mouthful of flesh, tearing through fur and hide to chew into human flesh, devouring it as the warm, wet beat slides down your throat. You slash your claws, cutting and carving through the creature's side as it tries to escape from your grip, but finds itself unable. It manages to press its claws against your own, stopping you from striking as it uses its leg to push your body away from its own, to keep its jaw away.


The creature's dazed and wounded, semi-pinned under your weight, but its powerful maw is still lunging out at you, desperately trying to tear out your throat. If you're going to finish it before it gets a lucky blow or manages to turn the situation around, you need to do it quickly. 
> You tear through its underside!
You burst forward, slashing with your claws as you toss the creature onto its back, revealing its bare, undefended stomach. You stab your claws forward, clawing and tearing through flesh as you eviscerate the creatures heart, stomach and intestines. The creatures whines as its devastated, but its body goes limp, collapsing to the ground. 


You howl towards the moon, a noise which soon turns to laughter. You turn other werewolves, finding them either fleeing into the woods again or whimpering at you. You laugh, ready to hunt down the mongrels that flee from your sight. 


Over the next few hours before sunrise, you hunt down the remaining the werewolves. They flee into the night, but your senses mean they're incapable of escaping and your claws and teeth mean that they're never going to escape from you. Soon, your belly is full with flesh, your hair streaked with blood, and the remaining survivors of the pack finished off or having fled.


You sprint along the ground, instinct running through you as you sprint through the forest, following one of the last werewolves to have fled the scene. You're tight on her tail, ready to finish her off, before you hear a barrage of gunfire. Looking ahead, you hear a burst of gunfire, as you slide to a halt. You slam your claws into a tree and skid to a halt, your eyes staring through the trees as you find yourself staring at a werewolf being gunned down. You quickly disappear into the bushes and undergrowth, staring through as a squad of Hunters appears, no doubt looking for what happened to the rest of you. 


You pause, wondering whether to try talk to them, or retreat into the woods and leave the world alone.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You roll to the side, dashing past as the Alpha slams into the tunnel wall behind you, unable to stop the weight and speed of its lunge and instead crashing upon itself. It collapses to the ground. It falls upon itself as it scrambles to find its position.


You wonder whether its time to strike, to tear the creature limb for limb while its off-balance, or whether to keep your distance, letting the creature make a few more lunges so the creature can tire itself out, before finishing it off with a few quick and heavy strikes.
> You wait and let the Alpha tire itself out lunging
You wait patiently, prowling around at the corner of their view. You move slowly around the Alpha, watching intently as you wait for your chance to strike and tear it apart. It doesn't lunge again, perhaps realizing you have the speed to dodge.


However, as you soon learn, they're not your only enemy. You hear a growl from the side, as one of the many werewolves of the pack charges out, leaping through the air as it finds courage. You twist around, slashing with your claws as you roar, the creature retreating with a new set of wounds.


However, this opens up the chance for the Alpha to strike, and he darts out, tackling you. You try to twist, but the creature stands above you, launching its claws against your head and killing you instantly as they impale through your skull.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk forward, staring at the wall in front of you. The scenes are in red paint, depicting fearsome werewolves prowling across the wall, chasing simple outlines of human figures. You follow it from right to left, seeing a massive chained wolf howling at the sky at the very left. Despite the brutal simplicity of the drawings, they reflect a certain life, certain realism, a certain bestial energy that's beyond you. You stare inherently, slowly moving your hands towards them.


Your hands slowly edge towards the murals, fingers tracing the outlines of shapes and scenes. The first one depicts a wolf, bound and chained, surrounded by vague outlines of spear-wielding humans. The next depicts a spear wielding human holding a chain in the beasts maw. The next seems to depict a half-man, half-wolf. No doubt the first werewolf, frozen mid transformation in a scream.


You pause, staring at the scene in front of you. Despite the simplistic nature of the drawing, being little more than a stick man with a wolf head and claw, most other duties vague and confusing to you, but it holds impact to you. You can almost hear the faint screams of the man as they turn to howls, feel the familiar pain he went through in your heart. You truly understand him.


As you look on, the pictures seem to beat and hum with an animalistic energy. The next scene shows the werewolf hunting down packs of warriors, catching one by the leg. The next shows the werewolf watching him transform, as once again his painful transformation feels all too familiar to you. Then, you see an image of a pack of werewolves running against the tunnel walls. 


The final image shows you the glowing image of the moon, surrounded by a pack of werewolves tearing around Mother Luna. You stare at the moon, watching as the symbol drawing hums and haws with power, glowing in your eyes with a tremendous power beyond human comprehension. You watch, your eyes shining in the reflection. 


Bright. Moon. Power! Beast! FENRIR! FENRIR CALLS!


You heard the world shake and shiver around you, as a booming growl fills the tunnels.


"Little one... look at how far you've fallen. Once a proud mortal hunter, now a slave to your bestial urges... my bestial urges," a booming voice growls, tearing through your mind as you feel the urge to howl back at it. 


You drop to your knees, clutching your hands to your head, you try to focus on the burn of the silver inside you or your wounds, trying not to let your urges consume you.


"I am Fenrir, God of Beasts, Hróðvitnir, Hound of  Ragnarök, Vánagandr, son of Loki, father of Sköll and Hati Hróðvitnisson, the prophesied killer of Odin, the creator of the werewolves and the Great Maw That Will Consume The World."


Focusing on your pain, you manage to hold back the beast within, but only barely. Focusing on the burning hot silver coals in your chest, the pain of your torn up face and the stab wound in your side that's been jabbed in your side, you hold onto your sanity, your humanity, yourself.


"You've proven yourself strong. Courageous. Violent. Powerful. I wish to make you my champion. I will sharpen your bestial instinct, I will lengthen your claws, broaden your form, strengthen your flesh, harden your bones. I will make you far more powerful than you have been tonight, a true avatar of my form."


You stare ahead at the mural, as the confusing red lines seem to draw together in the growling face of a wolf for a moment, before it becomes too painful to look at.


"Simply... embrace the change. Embrace the beast within. Embrace yourself. I'll even leave you with enough of a mind that you can finish what you started here. All you have to do is to release the beast within, and answer my call!"
> You fIGHT THE CHANGE!
You growl, squeezing your head between your hands as you take a deep breath, focusing on your pain. You focus on the human shape of your hands as they burn with pain, and the feeling of your skin glow with red hot pain, and your humanoid face which burns from silver. You focus on who you are, as you fight off the transformation.


"No," you say. "I won't be doing that."


"So be it," Fenrir grumbles. "I'll leave you to your fate. Rot in it, mortal one. Soon, your mind will be mine anyway."


The roaring noise begins to fade, as the glow of the shifting murals calms, the mural solidifying in front of you. The magical glow that hangs over you fades, and you're left alone in the darkness.


You sigh, turning away from the scene in front of you, not wanting to look at the animalistic mural ahead of you, as all it does it draw out the beast within. You shan't be making any deals with Fenrir, the father of beasts. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You push your head up to the bizarre object, sniffing. The outside seems to be made of burning metal, its very aura unnerving you, but the inside is made of colder metal, and you gently press your nose against it, smelling it. It smells ever so faintly of blood, and...


Suddenly, the device snaps shut, slicing through your nose as you scream out in pain, collapsing back. The object traps your face in its burning saws, sending waves of burning pain through you. Blood pours down your snout as you scream, the tip of your nose messily hacked off, beginning to burn. You yank your face back, breaking free of the device and spraying the area with a light mist of blood as you find yourself collapsing to the ground, darkness hitting you in waves which contrast with the waves of burning pain, as you're left lying there, your body breaking and burning with pain once again.


You don't know whether it's hours, minutes or seconds later, but soon, you find sanity once again. You slowly take breath through your lips, which are torn up, cut and bleeding, your upper lip barely hanging on. Thankfully, the healing factor of the werewolves has left your upper lip scabbing up in a mismatched mess of colors. You nose is heavily damaged, smell somewhat obscured in your left nostril from the dried blood and pus clogging it. You scratch at it, a thin stream of warm blood running down your face. You groan, before finding the strength left in you.


Knowing that it's too late for you to just lay down and die, you take a deep breath, focusing your remaining strength of what you can find inside you. You roll to your knees, resting a hand against the cold earth as you relax your tired muscles, looking around the room. 


The room must've been a mineshaft intersection at one point. It's been rigged up with lights and electricity, with a large desk stacked with television screens in the corner of the room. You peer over at them, watching the various scenes of the forest. It must be another bunch of cameras connected to the screens.


Your eyes flicker to the hung up "meat" ahead of you, hanging from the ceiling, as you begin to feel sick. The mutilated, bleeding corpses of Hans Hirsch, Russel Sloane and Father Charles Féval hang from the ceiling, blood dripping down and pooling underneath them. Russel Sloane's been hacked apart, his face a crushed mess, his body missing dozens of chunks of flesh all over him from the pickings the werewolves chewed off him. Hans Hirsh is even less so, his upper body entirely missing, only a pair of legs in gray trousers with black, polished boots. You recognize him from his boots, and his boots alone.


Father Féval's body still bares the marks of your shotgun blast, his chest blown apart, ribs hanging down to the ground. He's the most intact corpse there, yet the most gruesome. His face is stuck forever in an expression of fear and pain, his eyes dead and hollow, completely lifeless. You reach for your knife to cut them down, sighing as you realize its not there, and you're several outfits from the one you dressed yourself in this morning. Hell, maybe you should leave them up there anyway. At least the rats won't get there.


You feel a pang of hunger, and draw your eyes away from your comrades. You won't disgrace them like that.


Scanning the room, you find yourself staring at the table propped up against the wall, stacked with various items. Cellphones, guns, knives, ammo, equipment and an assortment of other items. 


At the 


Then, there's the tunnel. A long, dark cavern going in the other direction that you've went down. The howls you heard came from down there. That's where the wolves are. That's where you'll need to go to finish this.


You look down at the map ahead of you, a sprawled out blueprints of the mine. Scanning it quickly, your old eyes take in the information you need. Though you're weak in Norway, you manage to make out the notes sprawled across the page. There's a dozen designations across the various areas in the mine. Judging by where you came in, you're in the "Security Room". There's also the "Sleeping Chambers", "(HUMAN) Sleeping Chambers", "Feeding Area", and...


You pause, tapping your finger. The "Mine Equipment Storage Area (Armory)". Given the impressive arsenal of explosives that was at the scout house, there'd be even more explosives there at the armory. Enough to take down a mine. If there's even a fraction more explosives there, there might be enough to collapse the mine on itself and to kill all the beasts that prowl these mines. Perhaps you might find some use there. It's as good a place to start as any, given you won't be able to take down the horde with firearms alone. 


You turn your head, hearing a low growl nearby, only to find yourself staring at the blank stone walls. You squint your eyes, making out murals among them. Blood red images crudely painted, depicting fearsome creatures and other scenes. Interesting.
> You gather up the gear you need and take down the pack
You limp over to the table, breathing heavily. You slowly go up to the corpses of your friends, too tired and exhausted to even feel sick or disgusted. You're just a professional doing one more job, you don't have time for disgust.


You strip yourself a mismatched outfit from the corpses to at least afford you some protection from the cold, before grabbing a revolver and holstering it by your side. You grab a knife and sheath, attaching it to your belt, before looking to your shotgun. Running your hands along its familiar contours, you smile, feeling a sense of finality come over you.


"Just one more push," you say to yourself, loading the shells into the cold metal chamber. 


Your gear ready and costume on, you look to the map one more time, scanning the paths you can take to get to the equipment area. Once you're sure of the way to go, you head off through the tunnels. Marching through the mine shafts at a reasonable, you keep your shotgun raised and your ears twitching. At this point, the beast is raging again inside of you, its sense allowing you to hear ever creak through the caverns and smell every scent. Its only through focusing on the painful silver throughout your body and fighting the beast every step of the way, but exhaustion is meaning that's getting harder and harder.


Stumbling down the hallway, you hear the distant growls of a werewolf pack echoing off the walls. You flinch, as your ears perk up and you realize that the sounds are growing louder. A group of werewolves, more than one but no more than four or five, are coming. You swear under your breath, ready to fight them off.
> You hide and let them pass
You find a hiding spot along the mineshaft, a collapsing crook in the wall that you can clamber down into the hole. You tighten your body, moving into the cramped place and dusting dirt across onto you, to cover yourself up. You begin waiting, as the growls grow closer and closer.


Soon, the werewolves appear, prowling along the dirt path. They creep forward, heads low as they sniff the air, slowly stumbling 


The lead wolf stops, nose flickering as its ears perk up. It sniffs the air, its head turning as its bright eyes zero in on you. It growls, as you realize it's caught your scent.


Lying on your back, undefended and incapable of fighting, the werewolves tear you apart before you can even reach for your weapon.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You limp over to the table, breathing heavily. You slowly go up to the corpses of your friends, too tired and exhausted to even feel sick or disgusted. You're just a professional doing one more job, you don't have time for disgust.


You strip yourself a mismatched outfit from the corpses to at least afford you some protection from the cold, before grabbing a revolver and holstering it by your side. You grab a knife and sheath, attaching it to your belt, before looking to your shotgun. Running your hands along its familiar contours, you smile, feeling a sense of finality come over you.


"Just one more push," you say to yourself, loading the shells into the cold metal chamber. 


Your gear ready and costume on, you look to the map one more time, scanning the paths you can take to get to the equipment area. Once you're sure of the way to go, you head off through the tunnels. Marching through the mine shafts at a reasonable, you keep your shotgun raised and your ears twitching. At this point, the beast is raging again inside of you, its sense allowing you to hear ever creak through the caverns and smell every scent. Its only through focusing on the painful silver throughout your body and fighting the beast every step of the way, but exhaustion is meaning that's getting harder and harder.


Stumbling down the hallway, you hear the distant growls of a werewolf pack echoing off the walls. You flinch, as your ears perk up and you realize that the sounds are growing louder. A group of werewolves, more than one but no more than four or five, are coming. You swear under your breath, ready to fight them off.
> You set an ambush
An ambush, if done well enough, could wipe out the werewolves that prowl through the corridors, which would mean you're able to continue your planned route to the storage area. You hold up, prying yourself in cover with your weapon ready.


You see them in the dark mineshaft, a group of four prowling werewolves walking at a slow trot through the tunnels. If you open fire from the distance, you have more time before they reach you to take them all down, but if you open fire from closer, you'll preserve ammo, something you're running short on. 
> You wait unitl they're close to make the most of your limited shotgun ammo
You wait for them them to move closer, and closer, watching intently as they come within the definite kill range.


Moving out of cover, you fire, and your first blast blows away a werewolf, sending it slamming into the wall. You swivel, pumping out the used shell and firing again as you take off another werewolf's head, but at this point, they're upon you.


A claw swipe bursts forward, hitting you in the side of head with the force of a baseball bat covered with knives. You hit the mineshaft all with a thud, the world going black and fuzzy as you can feel the warm, wet blood run down your face. You look up, seeing a vague shape lunging towards you.


You don't survive the next strike.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>An ambush, if done well enough, could wipe out the werewolves that prowl through the corridors, which would mean you're able to continue your planned route to the storage area. You hold up, prying yourself in cover with your weapon ready.


You see them in the dark mineshaft, a group of four prowling werewolves walking at a slow trot through the tunnels. If you open fire from the distance, you have more time before they reach you to take them all down, but if you open fire from closer, you'll preserve ammo, something you're running short on. 
> You open fire as soon as you see them, giving you distance from them
You open fire, the first blast of shards of silver and magnesium tearing through the werewolves side, causing it to stumble, but at this distance and with your weakened aiming stance, you don't take it down. You pump your shotgun, the pack of werewolves nearing as you fire again. This round slams directly into a lupine head, killing it in one blast as its body rolls to a halt. You reload, firing again as you blow away a werewolf's front leg, causing it to fall and stumble, smacking into the ground with a spray of blood. You reload again, but by this time they're upon you. You raise your rifle, as a werewolf leaps forward, tackling you with a howl.


You hit the ground with a thud, ramming your shotgun barrel against the underside of the creature's chest. Its jaws clamp down on your face, tearing through flesh, skin and cartilage. You fire, the werewolf hit straight through its chest, blowing the werewolf off you and killing it instantly.


You roll to the side to try stand, as the other werewolf hits you from the side, knocking you down with a swipe of its claw, cutting through your side and carving open ribs. You scream out, as the werewolf lunges forward, landing on your neck and crushing your windpipe with a stomp and killing you instantly. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You limp over to the table, breathing heavily. You slowly go up to the corpses of your friends, too tired and exhausted to even feel sick or disgusted. You're just a professional doing one more job, you don't have time for disgust.


You strip yourself a mismatched outfit from the corpses to at least afford you some protection from the cold, before grabbing a revolver and holstering it by your side. You grab a knife and sheath, attaching it to your belt, before looking to your shotgun. Running your hands along its familiar contours, you smile, feeling a sense of finality come over you.


"Just one more push," you say to yourself, loading the shells into the cold metal chamber. 


Your gear ready and costume on, you look to the map one more time, scanning the paths you can take to get to the equipment area. Once you're sure of the way to go, you head off through the tunnels. Marching through the mine shafts at a reasonable, you keep your shotgun raised and your ears twitching. At this point, the beast is raging again inside of you, its sense allowing you to hear ever creak through the caverns and smell every scent. Its only through focusing on the painful silver throughout your body and fighting the beast every step of the way, but exhaustion is meaning that's getting harder and harder.


Stumbling down the hallway, you hear the distant growls of a werewolf pack echoing off the walls. You flinch, as your ears perk up and you realize that the sounds are growing louder. A group of werewolves, more than one but no more than four or five, are coming. You swear under your breath, ready to fight them off.
> You fall back and find another way
You turn, quickly hurrying back along the mineshaft at a light job. You try move at a reasonable speed, dealing with your exhaustion as best as you can. You struggle to remember the map's various roots to your destination, and manage to turn off where you're supposed to, heading through the halls at a light jog.


You have to move quick to avoid the prowling werewolves, but your senses mean that by time they hear you, you hear them, and you manage to move quickly to avoid the bastards. 


It takes some time, but you manage to come across the heavy wooden door to the armory, a dusty "Equipment Storage Area" sign above the door. You breathe a sigh of relief.


Your journey's nearly over now. 
> You fire through the door!
You raise your shotgun, aiming through the door as you try to target where a sitting man's head would be or a standing man's heart. You take a deep breath, before squeezing the trigger.


The shotgun bucks, the blast tearing through the door and carving a hole, wood breaking, cracking and splintering from the blast. You hear a grunt from inside, quickly reloading as you stare through the hole, seeing a limp man lying in a chair, blood running down his chest.


You wince as you hear the shot echoing off the wall, realizing just how loud it was. That'll no doubt draw the attention of the werewolves, so you need to act fast. You reach through the newly formed hole in the door, unlatching the door lock and opening the door. You move into the room, staring around it at the racks of equipment. Most of it is useless to you, picks, shovels and other mining tools. Most importantly, however, are your targets. Racks of C4, plastic explosives, dynamite and timed explosives are stacked haphazardly in crates in the corner, no doubt to be used for sabotage and destruction by the werewolves' servants, and the werewolves in their human forms. You smile, seeing nothing but potential there. There's definitely enough to wipe out these sons of bitches and bring this mine down on its...


A growl interrupts you from your planning, as you turn to see a group of werewolves racing down the mineshaft towards the armory, no doubt attracted by the gunshot. You swear, seeing how close they are, and that you've already damaged the door beyond repair, leaving you with little defenses against them.


"Fuck!" you snarl, seeing the werewolves quickly approach, a large, black creature with streaks of gray in its fur taking lead, as you hurry with the explosives, trying to arm them in time as you fumble with triggers. 


The werewolf claw tears through the bullet hole from the shotgun, claws tearing through splintering wood and breaking past it as it quickly carves its path through the door. It lunges through the hole, barreling on top of you as you scream, shaking desperately to get the beast off you, before it finishes you off with a weak claw strike that tears through your neck and carves open your spinal cord. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You turn, quickly hurrying back along the mineshaft at a light job. You try move at a reasonable speed, dealing with your exhaustion as best as you can. You struggle to remember the map's various roots to your destination, and manage to turn off where you're supposed to, heading through the halls at a light jog.


You have to move quick to avoid the prowling werewolves, but your senses mean that by time they hear you, you hear them, and you manage to move quickly to avoid the bastards. 


It takes some time, but you manage to come across the heavy wooden door to the armory, a dusty "Equipment Storage Area" sign above the door. You breathe a sigh of relief.


Your journey's nearly over now. 
> You knock on the door
You knock on the heavy wooden door, a loud knocking noise ringing through the mineshaft. You wait for a moment, as the noise echoes off before being replaced by silence. For a moment, you worry no one's actually inside, before you're answered.


"What is it?" a gruff, manic voice comes through the door. "What?"


Time to think of a lie to get him to open the door. Quick!
> You say "I'm here to relieve you from guard duty!"
"I'm here to relieve you from guard duty."


"Thank fuck," the voice answers. "I haven't eaten in hours. Those fucking Hunters need to learn their place, god dammit. Two secs."


The door clicks unlocked, before swinging open. A weak, skinny figure stumbles out, his height only further stretching his gaunt frame becoming almost skeletal. His manic eyes spot you as he realizes he's been tricked, but you're far faster and better prepared than he is, moving forward swiftly with your knife drawn. You slice your blade into his stomach, moving up through the ribs and killing him instantly. He gasps as you continue to slice through his flesh. He goes weak, as you push his limp body to the ground. You grab him under his armpit, dragging him into the room and closing the door behind you. 


You move into the room, staring around it at the racks of equipment. Most of it is useless to you, picks, shovels and other mining tools. Most importantly, however, are your targets. Racks of C4, plastic explosives, dynamite and timed explosives are stacked haphazardly in crates in the corner, no doubt to be used for sabotage and destruction by the werewolves' servants, and the werewolves in their human forms. You smile, seeing nothing but potential there. There's definitely enough to wipe out these sons of bitches and bring this mine down on itself.
> You rig this place up
Your work with explosives isn't exemplary, but as a Hunter, you've worked with it before. You've done basic training in using them in the field, and even used them in hunting before. Triggering an avalanche to take out a pack of starved ghouls born from starved, lost, cannibalistic campers, a demolition of a ghost-ridden house and even using a grenade to take out a cultist's van.


So, while this is a step up, it's not beyond you. 


You work quickly in setting up the explosives piling dynamite and fire-ignition based explosives as a base for the stacks of plastic explosives, all linked to the trigger of a simple timer. The work is hard, focusing being near impossible due to the ravenous hunger of the beast within, but you focus on your task and keep working, focusing on your pain when needs be. 


You set it for three minutes, adding an additional back-up timer hidden away under the stack so that if the first one is found and disabled, the disarmer is in for a serious surprise.


Your job finished, you lean back, sighing as you stare ahead of you. As the ticking slowly continues, you wonder what's left to do. 
> You wait for death
Ash and Silver


You stare at the explosives, watching as it slowly ticks away. You breathe slowly, feeling the beast within howl and roar. Just a few minutes now. Soon, this hellish night will come to an end. You breathe slowly, a smile on your face as you weakly watch the clicking counter. It's time for this all to end. As the timer clicks to the last few seconds, you laugh, a freeing sound as you shake off all your worries and stress, your terrors and your nightmares, and just lets you feel free for the first time tonight.


You expect a flash and a bang, but it doesn't come. Instead, the world just suddenly goes dark as the desperate, clawing, howling beast within you get pulled down into the depths of darkness with you.


The mine erupt in a wave of ash and fire, the mines collapsing down itself and burying the entire mine shaft in a pile of rubble and earth, nothing but a mass grave now. The mine collapsed upon the werewolves' lair, everything inside is killed almost instantly, you included. As the sun rises on a new morning, chasing the moon from the sky, there's an air of hope left. The werewolf menace is defeated, the pack wiped out, the few survivors fleeing through the forest to where they'll be mopped up by the Hunters come to figure out what's happened you. 


The werewolf menace is wiped out, and the creatures that threatened to rule the night are left as nothing. The hold of the moon broken, nothing's left of the world. Although your thirteenth hunt has come to an end, as has you, you've done your duty. The dark things that plague the night, creatures made from darkness and nightmares that feed upon the blood and flesh of the innocent and that rule the night and loathe the living, are slaughtered like lambs, and it is safe to walk the night once more.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your work with explosives isn't exemplary, but as a Hunter, you've worked with it before. You've done basic training in using them in the field, and even used them in hunting before. Triggering an avalanche to take out a pack of starved ghouls born from starved, lost, cannibalistic campers, a demolition of a ghost-ridden house and even using a grenade to take out a cultist's van.


So, while this is a step up, it's not beyond you. 


You work quickly in setting up the explosives piling dynamite and fire-ignition based explosives as a base for the stacks of plastic explosives, all linked to the trigger of a simple timer. The work is hard, focusing being near impossible due to the ravenous hunger of the beast within, but you focus on your task and keep working, focusing on your pain when needs be. 


You set it for three minutes, adding an additional back-up timer hidden away under the stack so that if the first one is found and disabled, the disarmer is in for a serious surprise.


Your job finished, you lean back, sighing as you stare ahead of you. As the ticking slowly continues, you wonder what's left to do. 
> You try find your way out of the yours shaft before the timer goes off
You stand up, weakly standing. You find what little strength remains in you, and decide to get out of there. You want to see the moon one last time. You take up a jog, hurrying as quickly as you can. The armory's located relatively close to a way out of the mineshaft, so you break into a run, hurrying through the mine shaft. You run as fast as you can, hurrying along the pathways.


A werewolf appears in front of you, and you fire your shotgun, blowing a gaping hole in the beasts neck and putting it down. You keep running forward, leaping over the dying beast as it falls quickly. You keep heading with as much speed as you can, using your senses to avoid werewolf patrols as you hurry ahead. Suddenly, you see it. The beams of pale moonlight descending from the sky, beaming into the edge of the mineshaft. Seeing it so close, you continue running, quickly, making 


You stumble out of the mineshaft, heading out into the moonlight once again. You hurl yourself forward, scampering out into the light as you collapse on the ground, breathing heavily. You turn your head, staring back to the mineshaft.


About twenty seconds later, the ground shakes as the mineshaft erupts, flames bursting along the mine shaft as the mine shaft collapses in on itself, earth collapsing in to fill the tunnel. The ground shakes as the sky roars, ash and smoke billowing up towards the sky. You laugh, a freeing sound as you shake off all your worries and stress, your terrors and your nightmares, and just lets you feel free for the first time tonight.


You feel the beast prowling in your heart, tearing at your body as it tries to get free. Your shotgun is heavy as your hands, as you stare at the smoke pour from the collapsed mineshaft, billowing up into the sky. The howls that have permeated the night are over, and the moon's power wanes in the sky. It'll be an hour or two before the sun rises, but you're finished here. 


Your mission is complete, your allies avenged. With the werewolf pack defeated, you feel nothing but relief. You rest your tired head on your shotgun, staring ahead.
> You take your own life
Ash and Silver


You raise the rifle to your head, taking it in your arms as you press the bottom of your chin against the gun barrel. You prop the gun upwards, aiming it so that it should go through your skull and out the top of your head. You reach down, pressing your finger against the trigger. You take a deep breath, closing your eyes. You're finished your work tonight. You've avenged your comrades, and defeated the threat. 


You feel the pangs of hunger tear through you again as the beast awakens, roaring through your entire essence. You grit your teeth, trying to hold back the urge to scream. You slowly release your breath, before pressing down on the trigger.


The gun fires, and the silver bullets tear through your chin, bursting up through your skull, blowing apart your brain and shooting out the top of your skull. Darkness shrouds over you, and you can feel the desperate, clawing, howling beast within you get pulled down into the depths of darkness with you.


The mist of your red blood mixes with the ash-filled air and the silver shards that hit the dust. As the sun rises, chasing the moon from the sky. The mine collapsed upon the werewolves' lair, no survivors are left. The werewolf menace is defeated, the pack wiped out, the few survivors fleeing through the forest to where they'll be mopped up by the Hunters come to figure out what's happened you. 


The werewolf menace is wiped out, and the creatures that threatened to rule the night are left as nothing. The hold of the moon broken, nothing's left of the world. Although your thirteenth hunt has come to an end, as has you, you've done your duty. The dark things that plague the night, creatures made from darkness and nightmares that feed upon the blood and flesh of the innocent and that rule the night and loathe the living, are slaughtered like lambs, and it is safe to walk the night once more.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You stand up, weakly standing. You find what little strength remains in you, and decide to get out of there. You want to see the moon one last time. You take up a jog, hurrying as quickly as you can. The armory's located relatively close to a way out of the mineshaft, so you break into a run, hurrying through the mine shaft. You run as fast as you can, hurrying along the pathways.


A werewolf appears in front of you, and you fire your shotgun, blowing a gaping hole in the beasts neck and putting it down. You keep running forward, leaping over the dying beast as it falls quickly. You keep heading with as much speed as you can, using your senses to avoid werewolf patrols as you hurry ahead. Suddenly, you see it. The beams of pale moonlight descending from the sky, beaming into the edge of the mineshaft. Seeing it so close, you continue running, quickly, making 


You stumble out of the mineshaft, heading out into the moonlight once again. You hurl yourself forward, scampering out into the light as you collapse on the ground, breathing heavily. You turn your head, staring back to the mineshaft.


About twenty seconds later, the ground shakes as the mineshaft erupts, flames bursting along the mine shaft as the mine shaft collapses in on itself, earth collapsing in to fill the tunnel. The ground shakes as the sky roars, ash and smoke billowing up towards the sky. You laugh, a freeing sound as you shake off all your worries and stress, your terrors and your nightmares, and just lets you feel free for the first time tonight.


You feel the beast prowling in your heart, tearing at your body as it tries to get free. Your shotgun is heavy as your hands, as you stare at the smoke pour from the collapsed mineshaft, billowing up into the sky. The howls that have permeated the night are over, and the moon's power wanes in the sky. It'll be an hour or two before the sun rises, but you're finished here. 


Your mission is complete, your allies avenged. With the werewolf pack defeated, you feel nothing but relief. You rest your tired head on your shotgun, staring ahead.
> You watch the smoke billow up
You stare at the rising plumes of smoke as they ascend into the sky, the brightness of the moon struggling to shine through the smoke. You watch as the sky slowly grows dark, as darkness crowds around the corner of your vision, slowly moving inward as you grow weak. Soon, you find yourself being pulled into the darkness as your vision goes dark, your body growing still.


Suddenly, the pain bursts through you as you begin shuddering in pain. You grit your teeth, trying to hold in your urge to scream as you feel the change one more time. You struggle to defeat the beast inside your soul, but you're too weak and exhausted to do so, as the beast consumes your broken spirit with ease. You growl, your body twisting and breaking as you're torn apart and reformed into your lupine form. The pain is almost familiar to you now, as you quickly turn to the predator body that your instincts are familiar with. As you shake and shudder with pain, you find turned back to the brutal beast that has been residing in your heart this entire time. 


Slowly, the pain begins to subside, but you find your mind incapable of reforming, still incapable of focusing in any regard. You shake your head with a growl, feeling the air blow through your fur, the smell of nearby prey, the crunching of soil under your paws. With your human form broken and exhausted, the beast is able to shake off any remaining onces of anger. You feel the powerful call of the moon above you, feeling relieved and stronger than ever.


Yes... that's it. It calls. Survivors of the pack, out hunting when the mines collapsed. They're scared, terrified, looking for a leader. You are that leader. Suddenly, instinct takes over, and you find yourself sprinting through the woods, howling into the sky.


An array of howls answer back, and you follow the call, answering with your own powerful howl.


Wolves. Pack. Call! Strong! POWER! HUNT! 


Now is your moment to gather the wolves, the beast within finally coming to howl in the light of the moon.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You knock on the heavy wooden door, a loud knocking noise ringing through the mineshaft. You wait for a moment, as the noise echoes off before being replaced by silence. For a moment, you worry no one's actually inside, before you're answered.


"What is it?" a gruff, manic voice comes through the door. "What?"


Time to think of a lie to get him to open the door. Quick!
> You say "We need reinforcements! The Hunters are nearby!"
"We need reinforcements! The Hunters are nearby!"


"I know, dammit! They're all over these fucking woods, that's why they put me on guard duty! Make sure they can't take control of our weapons and blow this fucking place up! Just go search through the tunnels, try find them, do something useful, fucker!"


Well shit, that didn't work. You suppose there's only one way in left.
> You just shoot through the door
"Oh for fuck's sake," you mutter.


You raise your shotgun, aiming through the door as you try to target where a sitting man's head would be or a standing man's heart. You take a deep breath, before squeezing the trigger.


The shotgun bucks, the blast tearing through the door and carving a hole, wood breaking, cracking and splintering from the blast. You hear a grunt from inside, quickly reloading as you stare through the hole, seeing a limp man lying in a chair, blood running down his chest.


You wince as you hear the shot echoing off the wall, realizing just how loud it was. That'll no doubt draw the attention of the werewolves, so you need to act fast. You reach through the newly formed hole in the door, unlatching the door lock and opening the door. You move into the room, staring around it at the racks of equipment. Most of it is useless to you, picks, shovels and other mining tools. Most importantly, however, are your targets. Racks of C4, plastic explosives, dynamite and timed explosives are stacked haphazardly in crates in the corner, no doubt to be used for sabotage and destruction by the werewolves' servants, and the werewolves in their human forms. You smile, seeing nothing but potential there. There's definitely enough to wipe out these sons of bitches and bring this mine down on its...


A growl interrupts you from your planning, as you turn to see a group of werewolves racing down the mineshaft towards the armory, no doubt attracted by the gunshot. You swear, seeing how close they are, and that you've already damaged the door beyond repair, leaving you with little defenses against them.


"Fuck!" you snarl, seeing the werewolves quickly approach, a large, black creature with streaks of gray in its fur taking lead, as you hurry with the explosives, trying to arm them in time as you fumble with triggers. 


The werewolf claw tears through the bullet hole from the shotgun, claws tearing through splintering wood and breaking past it as it quickly carves its path through the door. It lunges through the hole, barreling on top of you as you scream, shaking desperately to get the beast off you, before it finishes you off with a weak claw strike that tears through your neck and carves open your spinal cord. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You knock on the heavy wooden door, a loud knocking noise ringing through the mineshaft. You wait for a moment, as the noise echoes off before being replaced by silence. For a moment, you worry no one's actually inside, before you're answered.


"What is it?" a gruff, manic voice comes through the door. "What?"


Time to think of a lie to get him to open the door. Quick!
> You say "Open up! NOW!"
"Open up! NOW!" you snarl, smacking your fist heavily against the heavy wooden door.


"I've orders t...!" a worried voice comes back, seeming put off by the anger evident in your voice.


I swear to fuck, i will tear out your throat myself and tear you apart, motherfucker!" you roar.


"Shit, shit, OK!" the voice answers, as you hear the door hastily be unlocked. 


It seems the bestial, pack-based hierarchal nature of the wolf pack and its servants means that acting aggressively shows dominance and scares the weaker members into following you.


The door clicks unlocked, before swinging open. A weak, skinny figure stumbles out, his height only further stretching his gaunt frame becoming almost skeletal. His manic eyes spot you as he realizes he's been tricked, but you're far faster and better prepared than he is, moving forward swiftly with your knife drawn. You slice your blade into his stomach, moving up through the ribs and killing him instantly. He gasps as you continue to slice through his flesh. He goes weak, as you push his limp body to the ground. You grab him under his armpit, dragging him into the room and closing the door behind you. 


Now alone in the room, you stare around it at the racks of equipment. Most of it is useless to you, picks, shovels and other mining tools. Most importantly, however, are your targets. Racks of C4, plastic explosives, dynamite and timed explosives are stacked haphazardly in crates in the corner, no doubt to be used for sabotage and destruction by the werewolves' servants, and the werewolves in their human forms. You smile, seeing nothing but potential there. There's definitely enough to wipe out these sons of bitches and bring this mine down on itself.


"Perfect," you chuckle weakly, barely any strength left in you. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You double down, catching in the Albino in a deadly embrace, forcing it back. Your reflexes, your speed and your abilities are far outpaced by the creature, who has had far more time to get used to its body. However, strength might be something you have. You're a tough, hardy man and far stronger than the average man, so perhaps in your lupine form you'll the stronger of this pair.


You dig your hind legs in, ramming forward as you force the beast back. The Albino yelps, attempting to shove you aside, but you've caught it now, and you're able to twist it around as you launch it against the wall. The Albino smacks up against the wall, sliding down it as its covered in a thick layer of dirt, before you burst forward, raking your claws across the Albino's chest. You slash your claws forward, tearing out the creature's stomach as you hack into its ribs. The creature howls out in pain, weakly jabbing its claws at you as you step back in one quick dodge. 


You growl, watching the dying creature in front of you. Your stomach begs you to give up any semblance of weakness, to tear into this meal and feast, but some small, weak little voice reminds you that you have a mission to do. You could leave the beast here to bleed to death, with no hope of it surviving the lethal wounds you've caused, or you could crush its skull and end its life now.
> You leave the beast bleed
The creature deserves to suffer like you have for what it's done to you. You snarl, shaking your head as you look down at the broken creature. It whines, looking up at you with a desperate, broken expression. The pain of its lethal wounds mean that it's simply so pain-wracked that it's lost all sentience or intelligence, now simply left as a pain-filled beast trying to find respite. You grin viciously down at it, before turning, heading deep into the darkness of the tunnel and leaving its desperate whines behind you.


You spend several minutes walking through the darkness, before you find yourself prowling through a new plethora of senses. You find yourself in a large, cavernous room, glowing with golden light. A bonfire sits in the center of the cavern, warming your tired bones. Three corpses of cooked meat hang from the ceiling, blood dripping down in an appetizing fashion. You stare at them, licking your lips for a moment, before changing focus. There's a row of strange, bright glowing lights to the side, showing bizarre tiny forests in the distance. A metal table sits to the side, covered with strange objects, alongside a wall where many more things hang.


Light. Heat. Warm. Fire! Bright! EAT! Meat! Flesh! Kill! FEED! NOISES! HUMANS! KILL! SLAUGHTER!


You shake your head, your mind awash with new sensations, trying to let your instincts take over. You calm yourself, and your eyes flicker open as you examine the room. You find yourself smelling what looks to be dried blood, encrusted on one of the bizarre objects. You dip your snout forward, examining it cautiously. It seems to be covered in burning metal and cold metal, a bizarre combination of the two strange materials.


You pause, hearing the sound of distant howling down the tunnels. It doesn't seem to be drawing closer, instead drawing fainter and fainter as the pack of werewolves screaming goes further and further a way. You feel drawn to it, curious as to what it could be, but a small mind deep in your head seems to recognize the object with a strange familiarity. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You roll your legs under the bulk of the Albino's weight, breathing heavily as you try to find your strength. You snarl, forcing your legs forwards as you force the creature back. You pause, building your strength for one moment, before using your legs to launch the beast at the wall.


The Albino is launched against the wall, knocking against the earthen mine wall as it collapses to the ground with a thud. The creature growls, standing up as it moves forward, raising its clawed hands as it attempts to ram you against the wall, catching you in the bestial version of a rugby scrum. You raise your arms, grabbing them and trying to keep it from biting out your throat in a rage, standing on your hindlegs as you're ready to retreat.
> You dODGE! Dart back, let it strike and hit its flank!
You dodge back, retreating to avoid a fearsome bite, before sliding to the side, quickly retreating as your paws pounce along the mine cart tracks. You roll to avoid the Albino's lunge, before it manages to hit you from the side, grabbing your head and bouncing it against the wall. You shake off any potential concussion just in time to roll under a claw.


The Albino's faster than you, its reflexes sharper, its abilities far greater as its hunted with its lupine body many a time, while you're entirely new to it.


The Albino catches you with a claw, knocking away your hindleg. You stumble forward, before the Albino grabs your head with a pair of clawed paws, smashing your head against the ground with a pained scream, before the werewolf lands the full force of its strength on your skull, splitting it in two.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find yourself howling, your body transforming in a mere moment, incapable of holding off the change for any longer. The fur bursts from your skin as it toughens and tears, your body stretching in an instant. Your teeth, a mouthful of ivory blades, are revealed as you open your jaw. You smash into the Albino, tearing it through the air and smashing it off the tunnel wall. The creature bounces off the wall, before rolling to its feet and leaping forward with one pounce, lunging for you. You snarl, batting it aside with a pair of claws, slashing as its face at the creature pins you to the ground.


The other beast is strong, fast and deadly, the creature being far more used to its bestial body than you are. The creature wields its fangs like daggers, its claws like swords, its weight a crushing wrecking ball, every feature of it turned into a weapon of death and slaughter. However, it's no doubt transformed from poorer stock than you, once having been a normal human rather than a Hunter like yourself, who dedicated their life to the craft of hunting. By how you reckon, the Albino has the advantage, but you won't be going down without a fight.


You struggle against his grip, pinned against the stone, struggling to get out from it's weight, as its gnashing teeth comes towards your throat, its mouth caught in a fearsome howl.
> You slash your claws at the werewolf's eyes
You move your claw under the creature's weight, before jabbing your claws forward in an attempt to hack out the creature's eyes. Your long, sharp claws razor along the Albino's face, carving off chunks of pale white hair and bits of flesh. You miss the eyes, carving out the top of its brow with a deep gouge.


The werewolf snarls, throwing itself off you in an attempt to escape another claw attack. Blood rushes down its face, staining its pale fur and filling its eyes with its own blood. The Albino shakes its head as it tries to see, stumbling into the wall of the mineshaft as you manage to roll to your feet, ready to kill.


The creature yelps, desperately trying to back up, shaking its head to get the blood out of its eyes to let it see again. You have a moment where the creature is confused, scared and on the back foot, but hurrying to recover, leaving you wondering whether it's time to land the killing blow. 
> You tear out their throat!
With the creature weakened, you burst forward, pouncing with a solid leap as you grab the creature in your claws, pushing it against the wall in one solid move, revealing its throat, completely open to you and available to your tooth-filled jaws. You jab forward, landing a bite on the jaw. You dig your teeth in as hard as you can, feeling a burst of joy as a wave of blood hits you, tearing free of the creature's flesh and fresh, warm blood runs down your throat. You gulp it down eagerly, before tearing out the chunk of flesh with one solid motion.


The creature's throat is left as a bloody hole. You watch as the creature begins to choke and drown on its blood, the Albino spasming pathetically in front of you as it weakly paws at your neck and trying to breathe as the light fades from its eyes.


You growl, watching the dying creature in front of you. Your stomach begs you to give up any semblance of weakness, to tear into this meal and feast, but some small, weak little voice reminds you that you have a mission to do. You could leave the beast here to bleed to death, with no hope of it surviving the lethal wounds you've caused, or you could crush its skull and end its life now.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You move your claw under the creature's weight, before jabbing your claws forward in an attempt to hack out the creature's eyes. Your long, sharp claws razor along the Albino's face, carving off chunks of pale white hair and bits of flesh. You miss the eyes, carving out the top of its brow with a deep gouge.


The werewolf snarls, throwing itself off you in an attempt to escape another claw attack. Blood rushes down its face, staining its pale fur and filling its eyes with its own blood. The Albino shakes its head as it tries to see, stumbling into the wall of the mineshaft as you manage to roll to your feet, ready to kill.


The creature yelps, desperately trying to back up, shaking its head to get the blood out of its eyes to let it see again. You have a moment where the creature is confused, scared and on the back foot, but hurrying to recover, leaving you wondering whether it's time to land the killing blow. 
> You wait; bide your time
You wait, standing back and waiting for a better chance to land the killing blow. The Albino repositions itself, growling cautiously as it retreats a few meters down the dark tunnel, refusing to near you in its snarl. 


The Albino repositions itself, now more cautious, the cunning glow in its eyes brightening as it stares at you. With a growl, it steps forward, ready to strike again. It moves forward with a quick few steps, as you find yourself trying to dodge strike after strike.


The creature knocks away your foreleg, moving with quick speed. You hop up, trying to leap over the beast, but it catches your underside with a rake  of its claw, tearing open your chest. You fly through the air, hitting the wall and sliding to the ground, your belly messily hacked open, your ribs broken. You try to stand, before the werewolf leaps forward, smashing its claw down. The creature buries its claw into your throat, severing your windpipe and spurting blood out and pooling it around you. 


You try to let out a terrified, pathetic howl, only to find your gurgling on your own blood. Unable to find the strength to keep your head up, you lower it into the warm pool of blood, letting the darkness take you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find yourself howling, your body transforming in a mere moment, incapable of holding off the change for any longer. The fur bursts from your skin as it toughens and tears, your body stretching in an instant. Your teeth, a mouthful of ivory blades, are revealed as you open your jaw. You smash into the Albino, tearing it through the air and smashing it off the tunnel wall. The creature bounces off the wall, before rolling to its feet and leaping forward with one pounce, lunging for you. You snarl, batting it aside with a pair of claws, slashing as its face at the creature pins you to the ground.


The other beast is strong, fast and deadly, the creature being far more used to its bestial body than you are. The creature wields its fangs like daggers, its claws like swords, its weight a crushing wrecking ball, every feature of it turned into a weapon of death and slaughter. However, it's no doubt transformed from poorer stock than you, once having been a normal human rather than a Hunter like yourself, who dedicated their life to the craft of hunting. By how you reckon, the Albino has the advantage, but you won't be going down without a fight.


You struggle against his grip, pinned against the stone, struggling to get out from it's weight, as its gnashing teeth comes towards your throat, its mouth caught in a fearsome howl.
> You swing the creature to the side and roll on top of it to take the advantage
You begin rocking side to side, moving back and forth with several quick motions attempting to rock the creature's body with what little strength you have, before rolling to the side. You twist your body around, attempting to knock the creature off you, only to find the werewolf's weight and strength far outnumbers you ability to kick the creature off. You find your body twisted, your legs off to the side as you're left stuck under the Albino. 


With your body trapped and incapable of moving, the Albino lets out a low, rumbling noise with satisfaction, knowing its kill is assured. The creature raises a clawed hand, slowly slicing it across your snout and leaving deep gouges across your face as you howl out in pain. You attempt to burst free, but the creature places a heavy paw on your head, before sending it forward with crushing speed and snapping your neck in an instant.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You stare down the cavernous maw that sticks out of the earth. The darkness almost solidifies around you, attempting to consume your sanity. You focus your senses, as when the suffocating darkness steals your sight, your smell and hearing amplify. You can hear the near silent wind blow through the tunnel, nostrils flaring as you take as you smell the scent of coal dust and dirt. The scents begin to shift, as you detect a new smell. Fresh blood and the smell of a wild beast traveling through the tunnel. The sound of paws creeping along iron mine tracks and soft dirt begins just detectable.


Your eyes narrow, as down the tunnel, a form cuts through the darkness. The creature's thin body is covered with a thick layer of white fur, a pair of red, blood-filled eyes becoming clear, shining in the dark. A maw of sharpened daggers becomes clear, as the Albino arrives.


You recognize the creature from earlier. The one who bit you. The one who cursed you like this. You snarl, your gun tightening in your hands. The Albino's eyes flicker and you wonder if it recognizes you. There's an intellect there beyond what you've seen, in animals, or even in other werewolves. The creature growls, and you know it recognizes you.


Your body shakes, the Albino's growl sending the beast into overdrive. Your hairy arms tense as your muscles bulge, your tongue flickering along your sharpened teeth. You let out a growl, eyes narrowing as you ready yourself to kill. You let out a loud roar which echoes down the tunnel, your fingernails toughening and sharpening to pre-transformation claws that dig into the wood of your rifle. 
> You open fire!
You raise your rifle, shouldering it in one quick motion as you aim as the approaching werewolf, targeting it directly in your sights, but the creature's too fast. It bounces off the wall, sprinting along the ground as it leaps from wall to wall, digging its claws into the wall as it clambers about the tunnel. You swing your rifle from side to side, trying to get sights on it, but the creature's faster, roaring down the tunnel. You begin to backpedal, but you're not even close to the speed of the wolf, and it quickly catches up.


The werewolf leaps down from the wall, swiping a claw at you. The claw catches your arm, slicing through your flesh as you scream and sending your gun flying from your arm and bouncing against the wall. You scream, toppling over, as the werewolf lands its clawed foot on your head, crushing it instantly. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk through the woods slowly, heading towards the scent. It draws nearer, the smell of smoke and coal becoming clear. It's a long, painful walk, and you find yourself scratching at your limbs, growling and shaking your head. The beast within is awakening again, as you run your tongue along your sharpened teeth, the taste of your own blood filling your own mouth. Your stomach growls, and the veil of darkness lifts as your supernatural eyes adjust to the darkness. Still, you focus on the burning pain in your chest and now, your stab wound, allowing the pain to consume you, bringing you just to the point where walking becomes impossible, all to stave off the wolf spirit howling to get out.


It's not long, however, before you find your way to the mines. The earth begins to widen, revealing a huge, cavernous maw sticking out of the earth, a huge hole in the ground leading to darkness. The opening of the mineshaft. A light plume of smoke billows out from the mineshaft, as you can smell the scent of fresh meat and blood down below, the smell of wolves prowling and... strangely enough, diesel drifting out with its stink. 


You stare into the darkness, gun in your hands, as you prepare to go in. 


"Going in?"


You turn your head, finding the patchwork fool standing in front of you. His eyes are still badly burned, although from this close, it seems more like its from a caustic chemical or animal venom rather than heat or fire. He grins at you, winking.


"I was planning to," you say. "Going to tell me who you are yet?"


"Maybe. Fancy another riddle?"


"What the fuck is it with you and riddles?"


"I like them," the Fool shrugs. "I used to be more of a pranks guy, but it's no use drawing attention to myself when I manage to get unbound, so riddles will have to do." 


"Unbound? Are you a ghost? A trapped spirit? It would explain some things," you say quietly, not wanting to risk dealing with them.


"Nothing of the sort! I'm far more powerful," the Fool says. "I'd make the threat you're dealing with look like chump change, you know."


"Glad you're not my enemy, then," you say, before pausing. "Are you?"


"Of course not! Just a friendly visitor, curious to see what'll happen. I know a lot about werewolves. I remember watching the first one change. God, the terror he felt."


"You saw the first change?" you ask cautiously.


"I did indeed," the Fool smiles. "I saw when they chained up my dear old Fenrir, for nothing more than being scary. That's what they tend to do, you know," the Fool says, pointing to his eyes. "But, every so often, Fenrir would get just a bit lose, and some brave mortal would need to toss a new chain on him. One brave soul got too close, and Fenrir managed to bite him. That was the first of their kind. Now, they've spread throughout the world, all from that one mortal who felt it was fair to lock up a creature that had done nothing wrong. Cruel bastards the lot of them," the Fool mutters. 


You pause, trying to discern whether this is the fool's insane ramblings, a metaphor, a literal truth or something else entirely. For as long as you stare at the grinning bastard, you can't tell.


"Anything else you wanted to tell me?" you say dismissively, not willing to play the Fool's games. 


"Nothing to tell, but something to ask. Care for another riddle?"


"Fuck's sake," you mutter. "What the hell does this matter?" 


The Fool smiles, before grinning.


"So! A lost shepard met two hunters, the first of who had three loaves and the second who had five loaves. All the loaves were the same size. The three men agreed to share the eight loaves equally between them. After they had eaten, the hunter gave the shepherds eight bronze coins as payment for his meal. How should the two shepherds fairly divide this money?" 
> One piece to the first hunter, seven to the second
"You give one piece to the first hunter, and the other seven to the second."


"Yes, another answer! Gods, I really like you!"


"Is it right?"


The Fool shrugs, smiling at you.


"Who knows? I'll be off, anyway, my eyes are beginning to burn," he says, scratching at his burned up eyes. "Good luck in there. Shame it's not a silver mine, am I right?"


He smiles, grinning, as you snarl. He raises his hands defensively, shrugging. 


"Fine, fine, I'll be on my way. Best of luck in there, Willy."


You don't even try to stop him, your gun feeling unnaturally heavy in your hands as you know the patchwork man's magic is at work here. As soon as the Fool disappears into the trees, your gun lightens in your hands, and you heave to stare off into the mineshaft, smiling. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk through the woods slowly, heading towards the scent. It draws nearer, the smell of smoke and coal becoming clear. It's a long, painful walk, and you find yourself scratching at your limbs, growling and shaking your head. The beast within is awakening again, as you run your tongue along your sharpened teeth, the taste of your own blood filling your own mouth. Your stomach growls, and the veil of darkness lifts as your supernatural eyes adjust to the darkness. Still, you focus on the burning pain in your chest and now, your stab wound, allowing the pain to consume you, bringing you just to the point where walking becomes impossible, all to stave off the wolf spirit howling to get out.


It's not long, however, before you find your way to the mines. The earth begins to widen, revealing a huge, cavernous maw sticking out of the earth, a huge hole in the ground leading to darkness. The opening of the mineshaft. A light plume of smoke billows out from the mineshaft, as you can smell the scent of fresh meat and blood down below, the smell of wolves prowling and... strangely enough, diesel drifting out with its stink. 


You stare into the darkness, gun in your hands, as you prepare to go in. 


"Going in?"


You turn your head, finding the patchwork fool standing in front of you. His eyes are still badly burned, although from this close, it seems more like its from a caustic chemical or animal venom rather than heat or fire. He grins at you, winking.


"I was planning to," you say. "Going to tell me who you are yet?"


"Maybe. Fancy another riddle?"


"What the fuck is it with you and riddles?"


"I like them," the Fool shrugs. "I used to be more of a pranks guy, but it's no use drawing attention to myself when I manage to get unbound, so riddles will have to do." 


"Unbound? Are you a ghost? A trapped spirit? It would explain some things," you say quietly, not wanting to risk dealing with them.


"Nothing of the sort! I'm far more powerful," the Fool says. "I'd make the threat you're dealing with look like chump change, you know."


"Glad you're not my enemy, then," you say, before pausing. "Are you?"


"Of course not! Just a friendly visitor, curious to see what'll happen. I know a lot about werewolves. I remember watching the first one change. God, the terror he felt."


"You saw the first change?" you ask cautiously.


"I did indeed," the Fool smiles. "I saw when they chained up my dear old Fenrir, for nothing more than being scary. That's what they tend to do, you know," the Fool says, pointing to his eyes. "But, every so often, Fenrir would get just a bit lose, and some brave mortal would need to toss a new chain on him. One brave soul got too close, and Fenrir managed to bite him. That was the first of their kind. Now, they've spread throughout the world, all from that one mortal who felt it was fair to lock up a creature that had done nothing wrong. Cruel bastards the lot of them," the Fool mutters. 


You pause, trying to discern whether this is the fool's insane ramblings, a metaphor, a literal truth or something else entirely. For as long as you stare at the grinning bastard, you can't tell.


"Anything else you wanted to tell me?" you say dismissively, not willing to play the Fool's games. 


"Nothing to tell, but something to ask. Care for another riddle?"


"Fuck's sake," you mutter. "What the hell does this matter?" 


The Fool smiles, before grinning.


"So! A lost shepard met two hunters, the first of who had three loaves and the second who had five loaves. All the loaves were the same size. The three men agreed to share the eight loaves equally between them. After they had eaten, the hunter gave the shepherds eight bronze coins as payment for his meal. How should the two shepherds fairly divide this money?" 
> Two pieces to the first hunter, six to the second
"You give two pieces to the first hunter, six to the second."


"Yes, another answer! Gods, I really like you!"


"Is it right?"


The Fool shrugs, smiling at you.


"Who knows? I'll be off, anyway, my eyes are beginning to burn," he says, scratching at his burned up eyes. "Good luck in there. Shame it's not a silver mine, am I right?"


He smiles, grinning, as you snarl. He raises his hands defensively, shrugging. 


"Fine, fine, I'll be on my way. Best of luck in there, Willy."


You don't even try to stop him, your gun feeling unnaturally heavy in your hands as you know the patchwork man's magic is at work here. As soon as the Fool disappears into the trees, your gun lightens in your hands, and you heave to stare off into the mineshaft, smiling. 


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk through the woods slowly, heading towards the scent. It draws nearer, the smell of smoke and coal becoming clear. It's a long, painful walk, and you find yourself scratching at your limbs, growling and shaking your head. The beast within is awakening again, as you run your tongue along your sharpened teeth, the taste of your own blood filling your own mouth. Your stomach growls, and the veil of darkness lifts as your supernatural eyes adjust to the darkness. Still, you focus on the burning pain in your chest and now, your stab wound, allowing the pain to consume you, bringing you just to the point where walking becomes impossible, all to stave off the wolf spirit howling to get out.


It's not long, however, before you find your way to the mines. The earth begins to widen, revealing a huge, cavernous maw sticking out of the earth, a huge hole in the ground leading to darkness. The opening of the mineshaft. A light plume of smoke billows out from the mineshaft, as you can smell the scent of fresh meat and blood down below, the smell of wolves prowling and... strangely enough, diesel drifting out with its stink. 


You stare into the darkness, gun in your hands, as you prepare to go in. 


"Going in?"


You turn your head, finding the patchwork fool standing in front of you. His eyes are still badly burned, although from this close, it seems more like its from a caustic chemical or animal venom rather than heat or fire. He grins at you, winking.


"I was planning to," you say. "Going to tell me who you are yet?"


"Maybe. Fancy another riddle?"


"What the fuck is it with you and riddles?"


"I like them," the Fool shrugs. "I used to be more of a pranks guy, but it's no use drawing attention to myself when I manage to get unbound, so riddles will have to do." 


"Unbound? Are you a ghost? A trapped spirit? It would explain some things," you say quietly, not wanting to risk dealing with them.


"Nothing of the sort! I'm far more powerful," the Fool says. "I'd make the threat you're dealing with look like chump change, you know."


"Glad you're not my enemy, then," you say, before pausing. "Are you?"


"Of course not! Just a friendly visitor, curious to see what'll happen. I know a lot about werewolves. I remember watching the first one change. God, the terror he felt."


"You saw the first change?" you ask cautiously.


"I did indeed," the Fool smiles. "I saw when they chained up my dear old Fenrir, for nothing more than being scary. That's what they tend to do, you know," the Fool says, pointing to his eyes. "But, every so often, Fenrir would get just a bit lose, and some brave mortal would need to toss a new chain on him. One brave soul got too close, and Fenrir managed to bite him. That was the first of their kind. Now, they've spread throughout the world, all from that one mortal who felt it was fair to lock up a creature that had done nothing wrong. Cruel bastards the lot of them," the Fool mutters. 


You pause, trying to discern whether this is the fool's insane ramblings, a metaphor, a literal truth or something else entirely. For as long as you stare at the grinning bastard, you can't tell.


"Anything else you wanted to tell me?" you say dismissively, not willing to play the Fool's games. 


"Nothing to tell, but something to ask. Care for another riddle?"


"Fuck's sake," you mutter. "What the hell does this matter?" 


The Fool smiles, before grinning.


"So! A lost shepard met two hunters, the first of who had three loaves and the second who had five loaves. All the loaves were the same size. The three men agreed to share the eight loaves equally between them. After they had eaten, the hunter gave the shepherds eight bronze coins as payment for his meal. How should the two shepherds fairly divide this money?" 
> Three pieces to the first hunter, five to the second
"You give three pieces to the first hunter, five to the second."


"Yes, another answer! Gods, I really like you!"


"Is it right?"


The Fool shrugs, smiling at you.


"Who knows? I'll be off, anyway, my eyes are beginning to burn," he says, scratching at his burned up eyes. "Good luck in there. Shame it's not a silver mine, am I right?"


He smiles, grinning, as you snarl. He raises his hands defensively, shrugging. 


"Fine, fine, I'll be on my way. Best of luck in there, Willy."


You don't even try to stop him, your gun feeling unnaturally heavy in your hands as you know the patchwork man's magic is at work here. As soon as the Fool disappears into the trees, your gun lightens in your hands, and you heave to stare off into the mineshaft, smiling. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk through the woods slowly, heading towards the scent. It draws nearer, the smell of smoke and coal becoming clear. It's a long, painful walk, and you find yourself scratching at your limbs, growling and shaking your head. The beast within is awakening again, as you run your tongue along your sharpened teeth, the taste of your own blood filling your own mouth. Your stomach growls, and the veil of darkness lifts as your supernatural eyes adjust to the darkness. Still, you focus on the burning pain in your chest and now, your stab wound, allowing the pain to consume you, bringing you just to the point where walking becomes impossible, all to stave off the wolf spirit howling to get out.


It's not long, however, before you find your way to the mines. The earth begins to widen, revealing a huge, cavernous maw sticking out of the earth, a huge hole in the ground leading to darkness. The opening of the mineshaft. A light plume of smoke billows out from the mineshaft, as you can smell the scent of fresh meat and blood down below, the smell of wolves prowling and... strangely enough, diesel drifting out with its stink. 


You stare into the darkness, gun in your hands, as you prepare to go in. 


"Going in?"


You turn your head, finding the patchwork fool standing in front of you. His eyes are still badly burned, although from this close, it seems more like its from a caustic chemical or animal venom rather than heat or fire. He grins at you, winking.


"I was planning to," you say. "Going to tell me who you are yet?"


"Maybe. Fancy another riddle?"


"What the fuck is it with you and riddles?"


"I like them," the Fool shrugs. "I used to be more of a pranks guy, but it's no use drawing attention to myself when I manage to get unbound, so riddles will have to do." 


"Unbound? Are you a ghost? A trapped spirit? It would explain some things," you say quietly, not wanting to risk dealing with them.


"Nothing of the sort! I'm far more powerful," the Fool says. "I'd make the threat you're dealing with look like chump change, you know."


"Glad you're not my enemy, then," you say, before pausing. "Are you?"


"Of course not! Just a friendly visitor, curious to see what'll happen. I know a lot about werewolves. I remember watching the first one change. God, the terror he felt."


"You saw the first change?" you ask cautiously.


"I did indeed," the Fool smiles. "I saw when they chained up my dear old Fenrir, for nothing more than being scary. That's what they tend to do, you know," the Fool says, pointing to his eyes. "But, every so often, Fenrir would get just a bit lose, and some brave mortal would need to toss a new chain on him. One brave soul got too close, and Fenrir managed to bite him. That was the first of their kind. Now, they've spread throughout the world, all from that one mortal who felt it was fair to lock up a creature that had done nothing wrong. Cruel bastards the lot of them," the Fool mutters. 


You pause, trying to discern whether this is the fool's insane ramblings, a metaphor, a literal truth or something else entirely. For as long as you stare at the grinning bastard, you can't tell.


"Anything else you wanted to tell me?" you say dismissively, not willing to play the Fool's games. 


"Nothing to tell, but something to ask. Care for another riddle?"


"Fuck's sake," you mutter. "What the hell does this matter?" 


The Fool smiles, before grinning.


"So! A lost shepard met two hunters, the first of who had three loaves and the second who had five loaves. All the loaves were the same size. The three men agreed to share the eight loaves equally between them. After they had eaten, the hunter gave the shepherds eight bronze coins as payment for his meal. How should the two shepherds fairly divide this money?" 
> You split it equally between the two hunters
"You split it equally between the two hunters, because they're sharing it all equally, right?"


"Yes, another answer! Gods, I really like you!"


"Is it right?"


The Fool shrugs, smiling at you.


"Who knows? I'll be off, anyway, my eyes are beginning to burn," he says, scratching at his burned up eyes. "Good luck in there. Shame it's not a silver mine, am I right?"


He smiles, grinning, as you snarl. He raises his hands defensively, shrugging. 


"Fine, fine, I'll be on my way. Best of luck in there, Willy."


You don't even try to stop him, your gun feeling unnaturally heavy in your hands as you know the patchwork man's magic is at work here. As soon as the Fool disappears into the trees, your gun lightens in your hands, and you heave to stare off into the mineshaft, smiling. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk through the woods slowly, heading towards the scent. It draws nearer, the smell of smoke and coal becoming clear. It's a long, painful walk, and you find yourself scratching at your limbs, growling and shaking your head. The beast within is awakening again, as you run your tongue along your sharpened teeth, the taste of your own blood filling your own mouth. Your stomach growls, and the veil of darkness lifts as your supernatural eyes adjust to the darkness. Still, you focus on the burning pain in your chest and now, your stab wound, allowing the pain to consume you, bringing you just to the point where walking becomes impossible, all to stave off the wolf spirit howling to get out.


It's not long, however, before you find your way to the mines. The earth begins to widen, revealing a huge, cavernous maw sticking out of the earth, a huge hole in the ground leading to darkness. The opening of the mineshaft. A light plume of smoke billows out from the mineshaft, as you can smell the scent of fresh meat and blood down below, the smell of wolves prowling and... strangely enough, diesel drifting out with its stink. 


You stare into the darkness, gun in your hands, as you prepare to go in. 


"Going in?"


You turn your head, finding the patchwork fool standing in front of you. His eyes are still badly burned, although from this close, it seems more like its from a caustic chemical or animal venom rather than heat or fire. He grins at you, winking.


"I was planning to," you say. "Going to tell me who you are yet?"


"Maybe. Fancy another riddle?"


"What the fuck is it with you and riddles?"


"I like them," the Fool shrugs. "I used to be more of a pranks guy, but it's no use drawing attention to myself when I manage to get unbound, so riddles will have to do." 


"Unbound? Are you a ghost? A trapped spirit? It would explain some things," you say quietly, not wanting to risk dealing with them.


"Nothing of the sort! I'm far more powerful," the Fool says. "I'd make the threat you're dealing with look like chump change, you know."


"Glad you're not my enemy, then," you say, before pausing. "Are you?"


"Of course not! Just a friendly visitor, curious to see what'll happen. I know a lot about werewolves. I remember watching the first one change. God, the terror he felt."


"You saw the first change?" you ask cautiously.


"I did indeed," the Fool smiles. "I saw when they chained up my dear old Fenrir, for nothing more than being scary. That's what they tend to do, you know," the Fool says, pointing to his eyes. "But, every so often, Fenrir would get just a bit lose, and some brave mortal would need to toss a new chain on him. One brave soul got too close, and Fenrir managed to bite him. That was the first of their kind. Now, they've spread throughout the world, all from that one mortal who felt it was fair to lock up a creature that had done nothing wrong. Cruel bastards the lot of them," the Fool mutters. 


You pause, trying to discern whether this is the fool's insane ramblings, a metaphor, a literal truth or something else entirely. For as long as you stare at the grinning bastard, you can't tell.


"Anything else you wanted to tell me?" you say dismissively, not willing to play the Fool's games. 


"Nothing to tell, but something to ask. Care for another riddle?"


"Fuck's sake," you mutter. "What the hell does this matter?" 


The Fool smiles, before grinning.


"So! A lost shepard met two hunters, the first of who had three loaves and the second who had five loaves. All the loaves were the same size. The three men agreed to share the eight loaves equally between them. After they had eaten, the hunter gave the shepherds eight bronze coins as payment for his meal. How should the two shepherds fairly divide this money?" 
> Five pieces to the first hunter, three to the second
"You give five pieces to the first hunter, three to the second."


"Yes, another answer! Gods, I really like you!"


"Is it right?"


The Fool shrugs, smiling at you.


"Who knows? I'll be off, anyway, my eyes are beginning to burn," he says, scratching at his burned up eyes. "Good luck in there. Shame it's not a silver mine, am I right?"


He smiles, grinning, as you snarl. He raises his hands defensively, shrugging. 


"Fine, fine, I'll be on my way. Best of luck in there, Willy."


You don't even try to stop him, your gun feeling unnaturally heavy in your hands as you know the patchwork man's magic is at work here. As soon as the Fool disappears into the trees, your gun lightens in your hands, and you heave to stare off into the mineshaft, smiling. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk through the woods slowly, heading towards the scent. It draws nearer, the smell of smoke and coal becoming clear. It's a long, painful walk, and you find yourself scratching at your limbs, growling and shaking your head. The beast within is awakening again, as you run your tongue along your sharpened teeth, the taste of your own blood filling your own mouth. Your stomach growls, and the veil of darkness lifts as your supernatural eyes adjust to the darkness. Still, you focus on the burning pain in your chest and now, your stab wound, allowing the pain to consume you, bringing you just to the point where walking becomes impossible, all to stave off the wolf spirit howling to get out.


It's not long, however, before you find your way to the mines. The earth begins to widen, revealing a huge, cavernous maw sticking out of the earth, a huge hole in the ground leading to darkness. The opening of the mineshaft. A light plume of smoke billows out from the mineshaft, as you can smell the scent of fresh meat and blood down below, the smell of wolves prowling and... strangely enough, diesel drifting out with its stink. 


You stare into the darkness, gun in your hands, as you prepare to go in. 


"Going in?"


You turn your head, finding the patchwork fool standing in front of you. His eyes are still badly burned, although from this close, it seems more like its from a caustic chemical or animal venom rather than heat or fire. He grins at you, winking.


"I was planning to," you say. "Going to tell me who you are yet?"


"Maybe. Fancy another riddle?"


"What the fuck is it with you and riddles?"


"I like them," the Fool shrugs. "I used to be more of a pranks guy, but it's no use drawing attention to myself when I manage to get unbound, so riddles will have to do." 


"Unbound? Are you a ghost? A trapped spirit? It would explain some things," you say quietly, not wanting to risk dealing with them.


"Nothing of the sort! I'm far more powerful," the Fool says. "I'd make the threat you're dealing with look like chump change, you know."


"Glad you're not my enemy, then," you say, before pausing. "Are you?"


"Of course not! Just a friendly visitor, curious to see what'll happen. I know a lot about werewolves. I remember watching the first one change. God, the terror he felt."


"You saw the first change?" you ask cautiously.


"I did indeed," the Fool smiles. "I saw when they chained up my dear old Fenrir, for nothing more than being scary. That's what they tend to do, you know," the Fool says, pointing to his eyes. "But, every so often, Fenrir would get just a bit lose, and some brave mortal would need to toss a new chain on him. One brave soul got too close, and Fenrir managed to bite him. That was the first of their kind. Now, they've spread throughout the world, all from that one mortal who felt it was fair to lock up a creature that had done nothing wrong. Cruel bastards the lot of them," the Fool mutters. 


You pause, trying to discern whether this is the fool's insane ramblings, a metaphor, a literal truth or something else entirely. For as long as you stare at the grinning bastard, you can't tell.


"Anything else you wanted to tell me?" you say dismissively, not willing to play the Fool's games. 


"Nothing to tell, but something to ask. Care for another riddle?"


"Fuck's sake," you mutter. "What the hell does this matter?" 


The Fool smiles, before grinning.


"So! A lost shepard met two hunters, the first of who had three loaves and the second who had five loaves. All the loaves were the same size. The three men agreed to share the eight loaves equally between them. After they had eaten, the hunter gave the shepherds eight bronze coins as payment for his meal. How should the two shepherds fairly divide this money?" 
> Six pieces to the first hunter, two to the second
"You give six pieces to the first hunter, two to the second."


"Yes, another answer! Gods, I really like you!"


"Is it right?"


The Fool shrugs, smiling at you.


"Who knows? I'll be off, anyway, my eyes are beginning to burn," he says, scratching at his burned up eyes. "Good luck in there. Shame it's not a silver mine, am I right?"


He smiles, grinning, as you snarl. He raises his hands defensively, shrugging. 


"Fine, fine, I'll be on my way. Best of luck in there, Willy."


You don't even try to stop him, your gun feeling unnaturally heavy in your hands as you know the patchwork man's magic is at work here. As soon as the Fool disappears into the trees, your gun lightens in your hands, and you heave to stare off into the mineshaft, smiling. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk through the woods slowly, heading towards the scent. It draws nearer, the smell of smoke and coal becoming clear. It's a long, painful walk, and you find yourself scratching at your limbs, growling and shaking your head. The beast within is awakening again, as you run your tongue along your sharpened teeth, the taste of your own blood filling your own mouth. Your stomach growls, and the veil of darkness lifts as your supernatural eyes adjust to the darkness. Still, you focus on the burning pain in your chest and now, your stab wound, allowing the pain to consume you, bringing you just to the point where walking becomes impossible, all to stave off the wolf spirit howling to get out.


It's not long, however, before you find your way to the mines. The earth begins to widen, revealing a huge, cavernous maw sticking out of the earth, a huge hole in the ground leading to darkness. The opening of the mineshaft. A light plume of smoke billows out from the mineshaft, as you can smell the scent of fresh meat and blood down below, the smell of wolves prowling and... strangely enough, diesel drifting out with its stink. 


You stare into the darkness, gun in your hands, as you prepare to go in. 


"Going in?"


You turn your head, finding the patchwork fool standing in front of you. His eyes are still badly burned, although from this close, it seems more like its from a caustic chemical or animal venom rather than heat or fire. He grins at you, winking.


"I was planning to," you say. "Going to tell me who you are yet?"


"Maybe. Fancy another riddle?"


"What the fuck is it with you and riddles?"


"I like them," the Fool shrugs. "I used to be more of a pranks guy, but it's no use drawing attention to myself when I manage to get unbound, so riddles will have to do." 


"Unbound? Are you a ghost? A trapped spirit? It would explain some things," you say quietly, not wanting to risk dealing with them.


"Nothing of the sort! I'm far more powerful," the Fool says. "I'd make the threat you're dealing with look like chump change, you know."


"Glad you're not my enemy, then," you say, before pausing. "Are you?"


"Of course not! Just a friendly visitor, curious to see what'll happen. I know a lot about werewolves. I remember watching the first one change. God, the terror he felt."


"You saw the first change?" you ask cautiously.


"I did indeed," the Fool smiles. "I saw when they chained up my dear old Fenrir, for nothing more than being scary. That's what they tend to do, you know," the Fool says, pointing to his eyes. "But, every so often, Fenrir would get just a bit lose, and some brave mortal would need to toss a new chain on him. One brave soul got too close, and Fenrir managed to bite him. That was the first of their kind. Now, they've spread throughout the world, all from that one mortal who felt it was fair to lock up a creature that had done nothing wrong. Cruel bastards the lot of them," the Fool mutters. 


You pause, trying to discern whether this is the fool's insane ramblings, a metaphor, a literal truth or something else entirely. For as long as you stare at the grinning bastard, you can't tell.


"Anything else you wanted to tell me?" you say dismissively, not willing to play the Fool's games. 


"Nothing to tell, but something to ask. Care for another riddle?"


"Fuck's sake," you mutter. "What the hell does this matter?" 


The Fool smiles, before grinning.


"So! A lost shepard met two hunters, the first of who had three loaves and the second who had five loaves. All the loaves were the same size. The three men agreed to share the eight loaves equally between them. After they had eaten, the hunter gave the shepherds eight bronze coins as payment for his meal. How should the two shepherds fairly divide this money?" 
> Seven pieces to the first hunter, one to the second
"Seven coins to the first hunter, and give the last one to the second," you say.


"Yes, another answer! Gods, I really like you!"


"Is it right?"


The Fool shrugs, smiling at you.


"Who knows? I'll be off, anyway, my eyes are beginning to burn," he says, scratching at his burned up eyes. "Good luck in there. Shame it's not a silver mine, am I right?"


He smiles, grinning, as you snarl. He raises his hands defensively, shrugging. 


"Fine, fine, I'll be on my way. Best of luck in there, Willy."


You don't even try to stop him, your gun feeling unnaturally heavy in your hands as you know the patchwork man's magic is at work here. As soon as the Fool disappears into the trees, your gun lightens in your hands, and you heave to stare off into the mineshaft, smiling. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk through the woods slowly, heading towards the scent. It draws nearer, the smell of smoke and coal becoming clear. It's a long, painful walk, and you find yourself scratching at your limbs, growling and shaking your head. The beast within is awakening again, as you run your tongue along your sharpened teeth, the taste of your own blood filling your own mouth. Your stomach growls, and the veil of darkness lifts as your supernatural eyes adjust to the darkness. Still, you focus on the burning pain in your chest and now, your stab wound, allowing the pain to consume you, bringing you just to the point where walking becomes impossible, all to stave off the wolf spirit howling to get out.


It's not long, however, before you find your way to the mines. The earth begins to widen, revealing a huge, cavernous maw sticking out of the earth, a huge hole in the ground leading to darkness. The opening of the mineshaft. A light plume of smoke billows out from the mineshaft, as you can smell the scent of fresh meat and blood down below, the smell of wolves prowling and... strangely enough, diesel drifting out with its stink. 


You stare into the darkness, gun in your hands, as you prepare to go in. 


"Going in?"


You turn your head, finding the patchwork fool standing in front of you. His eyes are still badly burned, although from this close, it seems more like its from a caustic chemical or animal venom rather than heat or fire. He grins at you, winking.


"I was planning to," you say. "Going to tell me who you are yet?"


"Maybe. Fancy another riddle?"


"What the fuck is it with you and riddles?"


"I like them," the Fool shrugs. "I used to be more of a pranks guy, but it's no use drawing attention to myself when I manage to get unbound, so riddles will have to do." 


"Unbound? Are you a ghost? A trapped spirit? It would explain some things," you say quietly, not wanting to risk dealing with them.


"Nothing of the sort! I'm far more powerful," the Fool says. "I'd make the threat you're dealing with look like chump change, you know."


"Glad you're not my enemy, then," you say, before pausing. "Are you?"


"Of course not! Just a friendly visitor, curious to see what'll happen. I know a lot about werewolves. I remember watching the first one change. God, the terror he felt."


"You saw the first change?" you ask cautiously.


"I did indeed," the Fool smiles. "I saw when they chained up my dear old Fenrir, for nothing more than being scary. That's what they tend to do, you know," the Fool says, pointing to his eyes. "But, every so often, Fenrir would get just a bit lose, and some brave mortal would need to toss a new chain on him. One brave soul got too close, and Fenrir managed to bite him. That was the first of their kind. Now, they've spread throughout the world, all from that one mortal who felt it was fair to lock up a creature that had done nothing wrong. Cruel bastards the lot of them," the Fool mutters. 


You pause, trying to discern whether this is the fool's insane ramblings, a metaphor, a literal truth or something else entirely. For as long as you stare at the grinning bastard, you can't tell.


"Anything else you wanted to tell me?" you say dismissively, not willing to play the Fool's games. 


"Nothing to tell, but something to ask. Care for another riddle?"


"Fuck's sake," you mutter. "What the hell does this matter?" 


The Fool smiles, before grinning.


"So! A lost shepard met two hunters, the first of who had three loaves and the second who had five loaves. All the loaves were the same size. The three men agreed to share the eight loaves equally between them. After they had eaten, the hunter gave the shepherds eight bronze coins as payment for his meal. How should the two shepherds fairly divide this money?" 
> You give it all to the first hunter
"You give all the coins to the first hunter," you say.


"Yes, another answer! Gods, I really like you!"


"Is it right?"


The Fool shrugs, smiling at you.


"Who knows? I'll be off, anyway, my eyes are beginning to burn," he says, scratching at his burned up eyes. "Good luck in there. Shame it's not a silver mine, am I right?"


He smiles, grinning, as you snarl. He raises his hands defensively, shrugging. 


"Fine, fine, I'll be on my way. Best of luck in there, Willy."


You don't even try to stop him, your gun feeling unnaturally heavy in your hands as you know the patchwork man's magic is at work here. As soon as the Fool disappears into the trees, your gun lightens in your hands, and you heave to stare off into the mineshaft, smiling. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk through the woods slowly, heading towards the scent. It draws nearer, the smell of smoke and coal becoming clear. It's a long, painful walk, and you find yourself scratching at your limbs, growling and shaking your head. The beast within is awakening again, as you run your tongue along your sharpened teeth, the taste of your own blood filling your own mouth. Your stomach growls, and the veil of darkness lifts as your supernatural eyes adjust to the darkness. Still, you focus on the burning pain in your chest and now, your stab wound, allowing the pain to consume you, bringing you just to the point where walking becomes impossible, all to stave off the wolf spirit howling to get out.


It's not long, however, before you find your way to the mines. The earth begins to widen, revealing a huge, cavernous maw sticking out of the earth, a huge hole in the ground leading to darkness. The opening of the mineshaft. A light plume of smoke billows out from the mineshaft, as you can smell the scent of fresh meat and blood down below, the smell of wolves prowling and... strangely enough, diesel drifting out with its stink. 


You stare into the darkness, gun in your hands, as you prepare to go in. 


"Going in?"


You turn your head, finding the patchwork fool standing in front of you. His eyes are still badly burned, although from this close, it seems more like its from a caustic chemical or animal venom rather than heat or fire. He grins at you, winking.


"I was planning to," you say. "Going to tell me who you are yet?"


"Maybe. Fancy another riddle?"


"What the fuck is it with you and riddles?"


"I like them," the Fool shrugs. "I used to be more of a pranks guy, but it's no use drawing attention to myself when I manage to get unbound, so riddles will have to do." 


"Unbound? Are you a ghost? A trapped spirit? It would explain some things," you say quietly, not wanting to risk dealing with them.


"Nothing of the sort! I'm far more powerful," the Fool says. "I'd make the threat you're dealing with look like chump change, you know."


"Glad you're not my enemy, then," you say, before pausing. "Are you?"


"Of course not! Just a friendly visitor, curious to see what'll happen. I know a lot about werewolves. I remember watching the first one change. God, the terror he felt."


"You saw the first change?" you ask cautiously.


"I did indeed," the Fool smiles. "I saw when they chained up my dear old Fenrir, for nothing more than being scary. That's what they tend to do, you know," the Fool says, pointing to his eyes. "But, every so often, Fenrir would get just a bit lose, and some brave mortal would need to toss a new chain on him. One brave soul got too close, and Fenrir managed to bite him. That was the first of their kind. Now, they've spread throughout the world, all from that one mortal who felt it was fair to lock up a creature that had done nothing wrong. Cruel bastards the lot of them," the Fool mutters. 


You pause, trying to discern whether this is the fool's insane ramblings, a metaphor, a literal truth or something else entirely. For as long as you stare at the grinning bastard, you can't tell.


"Anything else you wanted to tell me?" you say dismissively, not willing to play the Fool's games. 


"Nothing to tell, but something to ask. Care for another riddle?"


"Fuck's sake," you mutter. "What the hell does this matter?" 


The Fool smiles, before grinning.


"So! A lost shepard met two hunters, the first of who had three loaves and the second who had five loaves. All the loaves were the same size. The three men agreed to share the eight loaves equally between them. After they had eaten, the hunter gave the shepherds eight bronze coins as payment for his meal. How should the two shepherds fairly divide this money?" 
> You fuck your damned riddles, fool!
"Fuck you damned riddles! Fuck all of this shit! You better goddamn tell me who you are before I pump you full of lead, fucker!"


"How dull," the Fool frowns. "Well, I guess you're just not going to answer, then. Good luck in there. Shame it's not a silver mine, am I right?"


He smiles, grinning, as you snarl. He raises his hands defensively, shrugging.


"Fine, fine, I'll be on my way. Best of luck in there, Willy."


You don't even try to stop him, your gun feeling unnaturally heavy in your hands as you know the patchwork man's magic is at work here. As soon as the Fool disappears into the trees, your gun lightens in your hands, and you heave to stare off into the mineshaft. 


Into the darkness you go.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's time to do what needs to be done. You can't let the deaths of tonight be for nothing.


A chill runs through you, as you realize you need new clothes, and there's only one place you can get them. You lean down, unbutton Wyatt's jacket as you try not to look at the body. Slowly, 


The underwear are soiled and the inside two layers of Wyatt's clothes are soaked with blood, but you manage to scavenge the boots, socks, pants and jacket, pulling them on. Once you've bundled yourself up in clothes, you raise your rifle to your shoulder and begin walking, leaving the corpse behind you. You don't have the time to bury it, and being around the corpse is only sending pangs of hunger through your body. You try not to shed a tear, heading off into the woods.


Your senses quickly detect the faint smell of smoke and coal, and you begin heading towards it. The beast within you is quiet for now from the stabbing, but thankfully the beast seems to almost be absorbing the pain, and it's little more than a dull ache to you now. 


You walk in silence, and for a moment, it seems almost unnatural. Everything about you seems wrong now. You can tell you're walking loudly, almost falling and stumbling about. Your movements are as stealthy as ever thanks to your abilities as a hunter, but compared to your lupine form, it's clumsy. Your senses are dulled without the powers of the beast, your entire body weakening from exhaustion and blood loss.


Your eyes are still bright, and you find yourself staring through the darkness at a trio of werewolves prowling through the undergrowth. The creatures are streaked with gray and black fur, growling as they slowly move forward, muscles moving under furry hides, their teeth glowing in the moonlight.


They must be following your scent, and if they are, they have it now. The beast within you is quiet now, but the rage in your heart is burning. Time to do your duty as a Hunter.
> You release the wolf within and tear them apart!
You growl, snarling as you draw on the beast deep inside you as you draw your fingernails against your wrists, causing blood to run down your arms in a thin trickle as you howl, staring up towards the moon as its glow shines upon your skin.


However, the silver wound still burns your flesh, and the wolf within is far from your abilities. It's quiet now, sleeping and recovering from the wound, and you're left just shouting to the skies as the beast draws near.


"Fuck... now it's silent. Now, the transformation that's plagued me all night is beyond me," you swear. 


It's a somber thought, but as the werewolves near you, now too close for you to be able to gun them down or run, you're grateful that you can die a man. You put up your chin, taking a deep breath, and face death with a grimace. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slowly begin walking in the direction of the smoke, keeping your mind on the burning pain in your chest. Your bullet holes and bite mark have already scabbed and scarred over, no doubt from the healing abilities the beast within has granted you. Still, the silver burns just as harshly, like flames trapped in your chest. It's a struggle trying to focus on the pain, to let it consume you and drive you into a violent psychosis, but you have no alternative. Whenever you try to ignore the pain, you can feel the monstrous urges return. The unending hunger, the desire to break free, the need to howl up at the sky, the lust for the power of the wild... you keep focused, and the burning pain continues.


As you walk, you notice just how tight your clothes feel on you. No, not tight. Surprisingly, they seem to fit you perfectly, by whatever abilities of the Patchwork Man. They're not tight. They're constrictive. You want to tear them off, to feel the wind on your fur and to tear off into the night. You want to taste flesh and blood, to feel the dirt shift under your paws. You want to answer the call of the moon.


You shake your head roughly, growling as you tighten your grip on the shotgun. The cool metal reminds you of who you are. A Hunter. 


It's a long distance of angered, confused walking, but you soon see lights emerge from the darkness. Not the passionate burning of flames, but the synthetic light of bulbs. You take up a crouching position, slowly sneaking up to where the trees give way to a clearing.


A large wooden cabin sits in the center of the clearing, surrounded by bright lights that give light to the cabin. Standing at the edge of the lights, holding a semi-automatic rifle, is a human. The man has a thick beard reaching his chest and long, tangled hair. His arms are covered with tattoos, depicting old Nordic runes and wolf symbols. Interesting. He must be the werewolf-equivalent of a Thrall. You've never heard of such a thing, seeing as werewolves are usually too stupid and bestial to have human servants, but the werewolves you've seen tonight are definitely smart enough to have them.


The Wolf Servant seems to be guarding the cabin, which has light plumes of smoke drifting up from its chimney. He hasn't noticed you, and seems to the only guard in sight. You need to take him out to get inside.
> You open fire from afar
You aim your shotgun carefully, staring down the iron sights at the man. You still your breath, pulling the trigger as the gun bucks


The scattering pellets smash into the guard and knock him from his feet. The man smacks into the ground with a burst of blood, as you rush towards the cabin. The smell of fresh blood drives you forward with a newfound, bestial energy. Your eyes spot a shift in the darkness, as you make out another guard on the opposite side of the cabin to you, a weapon in his hands.


The guard raises his rifle, opening fire at you, as you dive to the ground. You roll behind the cabin, putting the wooden building between you and the guard. You slide up against the corner of the cabin, keeping in tight as the bullets fly past you from the other guard. You try to focus on the burning pain in your chest, so you stay calm and collected rather than letting your bestial rage consume you. 
> You charge the second guard quickly
You ready your shotgun, before turning the corner and sprinting forward, your gun leveled. The guard aims his rifle, but you simply fire your shotgun, firing a spray of silver. You knock the man off his feet as he collapses to the ground with a scream.


You fire again, hitting the man in the side and killing him. You turn to the cabin, pumping your shotgun. Now it's time to move inside and secure the cabin. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You aim your shotgun carefully, staring down the iron sights at the man. You still your breath, pulling the trigger as the gun bucks


The scattering pellets smash into the guard and knock him from his feet. The man smacks into the ground with a burst of blood, as you rush towards the cabin. The smell of fresh blood drives you forward with a newfound, bestial energy. Your eyes spot a shift in the darkness, as you make out another guard on the opposite side of the cabin to you, a weapon in his hands.


The guard raises his rifle, opening fire at you, as you dive to the ground. You roll behind the cabin, putting the wooden building between you and the guard. You slide up against the corner of the cabin, keeping in tight as the bullets fly past you from the other guard. You try to focus on the burning pain in your chest, so you stay calm and collected rather than letting your bestial rage consume you. 
> You circle the cabin and hit him from the side
Running your tongue along your sharpening teeth, you move swiftly, your nostrils filling with the scent of the man's sweat, blood and stink. Your feet move swiftly from instinct, knowing exactly where to step as you swing around the cabin, spotting the man's flank.


Kill! Kill! KILL! 


The voices in your head, get stronger, as you find your grip on your weapon tightening. You raise your shotgun, firing as the blast almost takes off the man's head, sending blood spraying onto the ground as you laugh.


You head turns as you let out a low, rumbling growl, staring at the cabin. Time to break inside and kill!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"You're... you're a Hunter, right? You must be."


"Unfortunately, no. You're out alone in these woods tonight. Well, I best be off. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy. Best of luck."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.
> You go examine the coin
You walk over to where the Fool dropped the golden coin, finding it lying, shining in the dirt. You drop to your knees, picking it up and examining it.


The coin depicts an old image of two snakes, circling one another to form an 'S' shape. The snakes are biting each other's tails in a bizarre version of an ouroboros. You flip the coin over, finding yourself staring at the same image.


Huh. You suppose in a strange way, each face of the coin depicts the both "Heads" and "Tails". It seems the strange, patchwork man was fucking with you.


For a moment, you raise an eyebrow, wondering if "A coin" was the answer to that riddle. Either way, too late to ask. You pocket the coin, before standing and staring off towards where the smell of smoke came from.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Heads!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"
> A Werewolf
"You're a werewolf, aren't you? You're one of those fucked up beasts."


"No, I'm far older than even werewolves, I'm afraid. Well, I best be off. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Heads!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"
> A Lunatic
"You're a goddamn lunatic," you growl.


"Ouch! Just because something's true doesn't mean you should say it, Willy! Didn't your father ever teach you manners?"


"Don't fucking talk about my father," you growl, raising your shotgun.


"Ah, yes. My apologies. I didn't wish to bring up old memories. If it helps, I had a bad relationship with old Fárbauti. We never really... oh, never mind. It's late, I best be off. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy. Best of luck."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Heads!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"
> A Puppet
"A puppet," you say softly.


"Oh, you're actually answering the riddle? How delightful! Maybe I misjudged you!"


"Am I right, then?"


"Oh well, we're all puppets in a way, aren't we?" the Fool grins. "Well, I best be off. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Heads!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"
> A Clock
"A clock," you say softly.


"Oh, you're actually answering the riddle? How delightful! Maybe I misjudged you!"


"Am I right, then?"


"Oh well, tick tock, tick tock, Willy," the Fool grins. "Do you hear that? That's the sound of our time together running out for now. I best be on my way. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Heads!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"
> The Moon
"The moon," you say softly.


"Oh, you're actually answering the riddle? How delightful! Maybe I misjudged you!"


"Am I right, then?"


"Oh well, it is a very moonlit night" the Fool grins. "I like your answer either way. Well, I best be off. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Heads!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"
> The Tide
"The tide," you say softly.


"Oh, you're actually answering the riddle? How delightful! Maybe I misjudged you!"


"Am I right, then?"


"Oh, I wouldn't want to spoil the answer by telling you," the Fool grins. "Well, I best be off. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Heads!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"
> You man
"Man," you say softly.


"Oh, you're actually answering the riddle? How delightful! Maybe I misjudged you!"


"Am I right, then?"


"Oh well, I mean, it's clear you've heard the Sphinx Riddle. And you said you didn't like riddles, you fibber!" the Fool grins. "Well, I best be off. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Heads!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"
> You an Oak Tree
"An Oak Tree," you say softly.


"Oh, you're actually answering the riddle? How delightful! Maybe I misjudged you!"


"Am I right, then?"


"Well, I am in a forest, so maybe," the Fool grins. "Well, I best be off. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Heads!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"
> You fuck your riddles, you're not playing your games!
"Fuck your riddles, I'm not playing your games!" you yell.


"Ugh, how dull then. You're very angry, aren't you?"


"Watch it, fucker. Don't think I won't kill you."


"God, if you're going to be like this, I best go off and leave you alone with your anger. Good luck dealing with my boy tonight, Willy."


"Wait!" you growl, aiming your shotgun at him. "You move and I blow your brains out!"


The Fool sighs, shaking his head.


"I don't think you really know how this game works, do you?" the Fool says. 


The Fool leans forward, placing his thumb against the shotgun barrel. He scratches at his puffy, burned eyes, sighing.


"You're not going to shoot that gun," he says simply.


With that, the Fool turns, strolling off into the woods. You try to aim your shotgun, but find your arms are incapable of moving, the numb, cold muscles refusing to work. All you can do is watch as the Fool disappears into the darkness.


When he's out of view, you snarl. You sniff the air, smelling the scent of prey, and... you try to focus on the pain for a moment, ignoring your bestial senses, before you smell something else. The smell of smoke, in the distance. 


You pause, raising an eye. Smoke means fire. Fire means activity. There needs to be something in that direction.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slow your breathing, focusing on the pain in your chest. You raise your head, wiping the puke and blood from your face as you try to ignore the hunger in your belly. You wince, trying to ignore the desires of the beast within, telling you to run, to hunt, to feed, to howl. You shake your head violently, trying to focus, as you take up a kneeling position. The cold wind chills your bones and gives you goosebumps, and 


"You look to be in a bad state, friend," a voice says. 


You look up, finding yourself staring up at a a young, grinning man with curly black hair and a thick beard. His eyes are red and puffing, and seem to be somewhat burned. His jacket is patch-work, made of many stitched up patches of various colors, with the rest of his outfit being suitably gauche in its coloring to accentuate the man's weird look. He looks down at you, smiling. 


"You're either very hungover, or old Fenrir got his claws into you."


"Who are you?" you ask weakly. "I'm getting really shit sick of having people walk up to me."


"Oh, a fool, little else," the man smiles. "You look cold. I have a spare set of clothes, if you want."


Cautious, you nod slowly, as the man pulls of his backpack, opening it. You pause, noticing the stock of your shotgun sticking out of the bag. The Fool tosses you a set of boots, underwear, an undershirt, socks, pants, t-shirt and a coat. Staring at him, you hurry to get dressed, as the Fool hums a song to himself. When you're finished, you look to the bag. The Fool notices what you're looking at, smiling.


"That's my weapon."


"Finders keepers, losers weepers, old Willy, old boy," the man shrugs.


You pause, trying to calculate the chances of you grabbing your weapon before he can.


"I didn't tell you my name," you say softly.


"You didn't tell me my name either, but I know that," the Fool shrugs. 


The Fool grabs the shotgun, pulling it out and holding it in his hands, running his hands along the barrel. He pauses, digging through his pockets for a moment, before pulling out a golden coin.


"Tell you what. I'll flip you for it. You call it, you get your gun back. You don't, I'll put you out of your misery and stop you from completely turning. Agreed?"


You consider lunging at the man, but he lowers the barrel of the shotgun, anticipating your move. His grin widens, revealing more and more shiny teeth. 


"Agreed", you say.


"Perfect!" the Fool grins. "Call it in the air, Willy."


The man flips the coin, watching it spin in the air.
> You tails
"Tails!"


The coin flips through the air ahead of you, as you step back, looking at the coin with interest. He steps back, leveling your own shotgun at you as he the coin lands in the dirt. The Fool peers down at it, tilting his head, before flipping the shotgun in his hands, grabbing the barrel and offering the stock to you.


"It's your lucky day, Hunter. Good luck to you."


You grab the shotgun, holding it in your hands and aiming it at the suspicious, patch coat man. 


"Who the fuck are you?"


"An interesting question! Do you like riddles?"


"No."


The Fool frowns.


"So dull. You're a dull old fellow, aren't you? Perhaps I should be helping the wolves."


"Just tell me who you are, dammit! I'm a dying man, I don't have time for this."


The Fool opens his mouth to complain, before pausing, then shrugging.


"A slave I have been and shall remain

To a golden mistress I'm tied with invisible chains

Yet always I put on the same brave face

She keeps me her prisoner, but leaves me some space."


The Fool smiles at you for a moment, before raising an eyebrow.


"So... who am I?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find yourself crawling desperately towards the smashed up car wreck, reaching forward and dragging yourself along the ground. You manage to pull yourself to a kneeling position, before standing cautiously. You take a step forward, trying not to focus on the brutal pain in your shoulder. You slowly move towards the truck before stumbling, leaning against it as you groan in pain. Resting on the cold metal bonnet, you gasp for breath.


"William. You made it," a voice groans from the wreckage. 


You pause, grabbing your shotgun, before finding yourself staring at Father Féval's broken but still living body. The man is still buckled into the car wreckage, his face bloody from a cut on his forehead, his side looking like it's been completely chewed up by the werewolves. His expression is as emotionless as always, but there's a trace of weariness in his eyes. 


"Father Féval!" you say, exuberant to know you're not alone in these dark woods.


"They ate you up pretty well, William" Father Féval says, his accent thickening as his eyes grow weary. "We've both been bit, it seems. If we survive much longer, we're going to become just like them. The beast is within us, and it will take over soon. We should embrace the end and go into it peacefully."


"No! We need to radio the lodge!"


Father Féval nods down to where the radio sat, and you see it's been smashed up. The radio's been torn out, its plastic case shattered and its internal wiring shredded. Clearly, the werewolves knew what they were looking for, and targeted this specifically.


"I'm sorry, William. That's not really an option anymore. It's time to face our end."


"We can't let them get away with this! This werewolf pack isn't a group of psychopathic killers, they're worse. They're a planning, thinking, growing group. We can't just give up and off ourselves!"


"William, your adrenaline's pumping and your mind is desperate, but we're not escaping here. Either we die here, or the beast within takes over!"


"Fuck that! We have to do something! We have time before we turn! We can get help, contact the others and tell them what happened, and then we can off ourselves! But we can't do it yet!"


Father Féval raises his pistols, pointing them at you.


"We live by a code, William. If you're not going to go peacefully into the night, I am going to take you into it," the Catholic Priest says coldly. 
> You let Father Féval kill you
Putting down a Wolf


You raise your hands slowly, nodding.


"I understand. We can't give these fuckers reinforcements. We need to end this quickly. Go ahead and kill me, then. I'm ready."


Father Féval raises his pistols, aiming them at your chest. You smile at him weakly, before nodding.


"Do it."


"You know," Father Féval suggests. "These is a chance for you to confess your sins before you die, and to accept Jesus Christ as your lord and saviour."


"With all due respect, I'm in no mood for your preaching. Let me die in peace."


"So be it. May God have mercy on your soul, William."


"Bleed quickly and die quicker, my friend."


The guns fire, and the silver bullets tear through your chest, and you collapse backwards, blood bursting onto the ground. Darkness shrouds over you, and you can feel the desperate, clawing, howling beast within you get pulled down into the depths of darkness with you.


Now, the eternal rest is all that's left for you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You have to protect your companions, and get them out of there. You can't leave them behind. You hold your shotgun tightly in your hands, before moving forward and darting down the decline. You slide down on your boots, hurrying down as fast as you can. You almost fall into a tumble, but manage to steady yourself, finding yourself on the ground near the wreckage.


You look to the truck, and you can see a mutilated corpse strapped into the driver's seat, and realize Russel didn't even get out of the car. The screams off deeper into the woods don't give you hope for the fate of the others.


"Stay back! Stay back!" a young, terrified voice screams from behind the wreckage.


Swearing, you burst forward, your gun held tightly in your hands. Rushing around the roasting bonfire, you find Wyatt, collapsed on his back, desperately trying to shuffle backwards.


Standing in front of him is a bestial creature you've faced many times before. A werewolf. The creature stands with black and gray fur matted with the gore of a previous kill. The creature growls, revealing a row of vicious teeth that could easily tear through a man. 


Your instincts kick in, and you drop to your knee, raising your gun and opening fire. The gun bucks, silver bursting forward and tearing through the werewolf's flesh. The creature howls, as you fire another shot, blowing the creature's head off as its body crumples. You watch as the lupine body begins to morph, shedding air and twisting as it turns into a naked, bloody human corpse, its head completely missing.


"Oh Jesus, oh Jesus! William, they got my dad. They tore him up, and they took Hans off into the woods! Shit, we have to go help him! We have to go save them!"


You hear a loud howl, looking over to see a trio of werewolves appearing out of the woods. At the front, a large creature with frost white hair and pink eyes. The creature begins prowling towards you, its jaws open as it licks its lips. The creature lets out a growl, as the other two werewolves pause, holding back as the creature approaches you. Clearly this one's a leader of some sort, and it wants to take you down by itself as some fucked up pursuit of honor or to show its pack mates its prowess. 


You don't have time to think. It's time to act.
> You break off into the woods with Wyatt
"Run! Run now, Wyatt!" you scream, 


You sprint, running as fast as you can, your lungs burning, but it's not enough. Seconds later, a force like a truck smashes into your back, sending you crumpling to the floor with your legs shattering from the impact. You scream as the Albino lands atop your legs, sending pain racing through your body as you spasm. The creature looks down at you, growling.


"Fuck you," you spit, hoping some part of the Albino understands you.


The Albino's head snaps down, tearing out your throat, before binding off after Wyatt. You lie there on the ground, drowning in your own blood, as death slowly takes you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You open your eyes as blurry vision returns to you. You're surrounded by dirt and darkness, but your eyes slowly begin to make sense of your surroundings. You're lying on the cold dirt, next to the road you were just driving along. You blink, feeling a rush of pain go through your numb body. Your skin is grazed and cut up and your flesh bruised, but you don't seem to be in too bad a condition. Certainly capable of walking and fighting.


You force yourself to one knee, your eyes quickly adjusting to the darkness. Your is shotgun lying close by you, and feel a breath of relief. You stand cautiously, checking to make sure nothing's broken one more time, before grabbing your shotgun. After making sure it's still loaded, before surveying the situation.


The trees to the side of the road are broken and crushed indicating where the truck must've gone off the road and down into the ravine below. Your eyes are slow to notice it due to it's black paint, but you see a pair of spike strips lying across the road. You stare at them in amazement for a moment, fingers clenched on your weapon.


This doesn't make sense. Werewolves never take human servants, and they're not tool users when transformed. They wouldn't put the spike strips down... unless they knew you were coming... and prepared beforehand. 


FUCK! This shitshow's about to get a lot worse. You're dealing with a worse enemy than a pack of maddened werewolves.


Struggling to the edge of the road, you stare down the steep ravine to where the truck lies. It's heavily crushed and damaged, beyond repair. You can hear screams down there, indicating that there's survivors. You doubt any of them are in any condition to defend yourself. But looking down at your current condition, you stand a chance. 
> You fall back and get out of this damned woods
You need to get out of here. There's no use risking your own life to try save your comrades when they're already most likely dead. Your shotgun ready in your hands, you head off down the road. Your body burns and pain shoots through your body, plus the energy sapped in your night's other hunts and surviving the crash means that exhaustion is quickly becoming an issue. You hurry along the road, taking up a steady jog along the road so you don't tire yourself out, but don't spend too long in these wretched woods. You keep your grip tight, as your eyes watch the shadows of the woods around you and struggle to hear the sounds of the surrounding woods over the sound of your tired, slightly panicked breathing. 


Several long minutes of jogging, as you try to get out of these woods again. You begin to hear nearby howls, bursting from the nearby forests and nearby undergrowth. Your breath catches in your throat, before you shake your head and continue jogging, speeding up your pace slightly. There's no use panicking. 


You hear the howls of the werewolves grow nearer, and you know that they're on your trail. No doubt, they know you'd be following the road back to the Lodge where you came from. You wonder whether it'd be safer to try to lose the pack in the forest around you, or whether you should stay on the road and hope you come across something soon.
> You stay on the road, shotgun at the ready
You continue sprinting down the road, staying on your path and refusing to yield. You run for a long time, hearing the howls of the werewolf pack growing louder and closer. Each time one howls, it seems like they're at the edge of the road or right behind you, but they're not, not just yet. Keeping a steady pace, you ignore the burning of your muscles and the horrible pain of your cuts and bruises, your body wanting nothing more than to collapse. Still, you keep your mind focused, keeping to a steady jog rather than an all out sprint that would leave you exhausted in no time at all. Just keep running and you'll make it out of there. Hopefully.


Suddenly, you hear the howl of a werewolf, and it's so close, so clear, so loud that you know that you need to do something. Glimpses of gray fur and white teeth begin appearing on the edge of the forest. It's time to act.
> You break to a sprint and get out of there
You sprint, running as fast as you can, your lungs burning. Your feet burst along the tarmac, as you refuse to slow down. Your strides are now more akin to leaps as you fly through the air, charging forward. You hear the growls grow closer, the howls almost being roared right in your ears. You can practically feel the flicks of spit and blood landing on your ear from how close the werewolves' maws are when they howl into you, causing you to shiver with fright. Seconds later, a force like a truck smashes into your back, sending you smacking into the tarmac of the road. You bounce along the road, before skidding to a stop as the rough tarmac strips off a layer of skin, blood bursting forth. 


The werewolf's not far behind, its claw slashing at your unprotected neck. The claw tears through flesh and slices through your spinal cord with ease, as your head is ripped off from your broken and bleeding body, bouncing along the road as it comes to a stop, a pained, terrified expression now forever frozen on its face.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You continue sprinting down the road, staying on your path and refusing to yield. You run for a long time, hearing the howls of the werewolf pack growing louder and closer. Each time one howls, it seems like they're at the edge of the road or right behind you, but they're not, not just yet. Keeping a steady pace, you ignore the burning of your muscles and the horrible pain of your cuts and bruises, your body wanting nothing more than to collapse. Still, you keep your mind focused, keeping to a steady jog rather than an all out sprint that would leave you exhausted in no time at all. Just keep running and you'll make it out of there. Hopefully.


Suddenly, you hear the howl of a werewolf, and it's so close, so clear, so loud that you know that you need to do something. Glimpses of gray fur and white teeth begin appearing on the edge of the forest. It's time to act.
> You open fire on the beasts
You raise your shotgun, taking up a shooting position as you open fire at the approaching werewolves. You aim down the iron sights of your shotgun, quickly targeting an approaching werewolf that appears from out of the trees. You fire your gun, silver shards tearing through the werewolf's open maw as you blow open its jaw, killing it instantly and sending it collapsing in a shower of gore and blood. You swivel around, quickly targeting another creature that's appearing from the bushes. You fire again, the shot hitting the creature's foreleg and leading it to stumble, hitting the ground, before quickly leaping off into the bushes again. By now, the creatures now to avoid your direct line of fire, so you simply stand there, sweeping your gaze around you, shotgun at the ready. Ever few seconds, you spot one emerging from the bushes, attempting to flank you and tear the gun from your hands, or your arm from your body, but the creatures dives back upon being noticed, and if it doesn't your shotgun easily sends them running.


Still, you're far outnumbered, and your ammo is rapidly running out. You swear, wondering how you're going to get out of there, before you see a faint light in the distance. Your eyes widen as you see a pair of bright yellow lights, slowly growing larger and brighter. Adrenaline coursing through you, you double your efforts, firing at every flash of fur or teeth that you see in the bushes, hoping to give yourself some space.


Soon, the source of the lights comes into view. A massive, eighteen wheeler truck comes into view, roaring along the road. The werewolves howl at you, but you continue firing upon them, until the truck


"What the fuck are you doing?!" the driver yells, as you struggle to understand his thick Norwegian accent with your basic understanding of the language.


"Please!, Please help me!" you yell, not giving him a second to respond as you race up to the truck, pulling the door open and clambering inside. "Drive!"


Seeing the terror on your face, the trucker does as requested, slamming his foot on the accelerator. The truck speeds off down the road. You wince for a second, when the truck's still slow enough for a werewolf to leap through the windscreen, but thankfully the truck soon picks up speed, and the howls of angry werewolves are left in the distance.


"What the hell happened you?"


"Wolves," you reply simply. "A starved wolf pack attacked me while I was hunting. Thank you so much."


"You look like you've been chewed up, boy."


"Almost," you smile, before laughing, as the night's fear and tension break. "Just keep driving, sir. Get me out of here."


The truck barrels down the road, as you head out from those moonlit woods.
> You lucky Thirteen...
Lucky Thirteen


You soon return to the Lodge, informing them of what happened. The Lodge quickly recalls its Hunters, and prepares a defense that could hold off an army. Thankfully, the werewolves do not attack that night, or the following one.


However, the next night, they do make their move. Under the night of the full moon, they strike. Power grids are knocked off, cell towers are taken down, and vast sections of suburbia are hit, their inhabitants slaughtered. The werewolves kill scores of humans, damaging critical infrastructure. From that night forward, the attacks only intensify, as their plan continues, their numbers growing far beyond what you can contain.


The media doesn't know what to call it. A massive population of rabies-inflicted Wolves beyond what anyone had ever knew of. You're unsure what's to happen now, with the last news you remember being that the National Guard are being localized to deal with the threat. You don't fancy their odds.


Either way, you survived another hunt. Your Lodge has requested support from dozens of other Lodges, trying to find the numbers to help deal with this threat. You don't know if they'll be able. All you do know is that you need to serve as you can.


You survived your thirteenth. Your fourteenth hunt is tomorrow night, and your fifteenth after that. You are no longer a Hunter, you are a soldier in the war against this new threat.


The night is long, and some say that this is the time of Beasts now, and that the time of man is over. You hope they're wrong.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You need to get out of here. There's no use risking your own life to try save your comrades when they're already most likely dead. Your shotgun ready in your hands, you head off down the road. Your body burns and pain shoots through your body, plus the energy sapped in your night's other hunts and surviving the crash means that exhaustion is quickly becoming an issue. You hurry along the road, taking up a steady jog along the road so you don't tire yourself out, but don't spend too long in these wretched woods. You keep your grip tight, as your eyes watch the shadows of the woods around you and struggle to hear the sounds of the surrounding woods over the sound of your tired, slightly panicked breathing. 


Several long minutes of jogging, as you try to get out of these woods again. You begin to hear nearby howls, bursting from the nearby forests and nearby undergrowth. Your breath catches in your throat, before you shake your head and continue jogging, speeding up your pace slightly. There's no use panicking. 


You hear the howls of the werewolves grow nearer, and you know that they're on your trail. No doubt, they know you'd be following the road back to the Lodge where you came from. You wonder whether it'd be safer to try to lose the pack in the forest around you, or whether you should stay on the road and hope you come across something soon.
> You try to lose them in the undergrowth of the forest
You turn, rushing off the road as you leap off the tarmac onto the dirt of the forest floor. You keep your run fast and steady, boots crushing leaves and twigs underfoot as you maneuver through the trees, trying to keep at least somewhat parallel to the road so you don't end up lost in here. You push your way through the thin branches as quickly as you can, as they gently slap and snag at your clothes. You ignore the pain, barreling forward.


However, it's not long before the other creatures are left on your tail, having caught the scent of your blood and the sound of you trampling over branches and leaves. It's not long before the howls are almost behind you again, and you need to act.
> You keep running
You sprint, running as fast as you can, your lungs burning. Your strides are now more akin to leaps as you fly through the air, charging forward. You hear the growls grow closer, the howls almost being roared right in your ears. You can practically feel the flicks of spit and blood landing on your ear from how close the werewolves' maws are when they howl into you, causing you to shiver with fright. Seconds later, a force like a truck smashes into your back, sending you crumpling to the floor with your legs shattering from the impact. You scream as the creature lands atop your legs, sending pain racing through your body as you spasm. The creature looks down at you, growling.


"My comrades are going to wipe your kind out," you spit, hoping some part of the creature understands you.


The creature's head snaps down, tearing out your throat. He begins digging into your neck, feeding on your blood and flesh as you screams become gargles.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You turn, rushing off the road as you leap off the tarmac onto the dirt of the forest floor. You keep your run fast and steady, boots crushing leaves and twigs underfoot as you maneuver through the trees, trying to keep at least somewhat parallel to the road so you don't end up lost in here. You push your way through the thin branches as quickly as you can, as they gently slap and snag at your clothes. You ignore the pain, barreling forward.


However, it's not long before the other creatures are left on your tail, having caught the scent of your blood and the sound of you trampling over branches and leaves. It's not long before the howls are almost behind you again, and you need to act.
> You hide and wait for them to pass
You quickly scamper into the thickest underbrush, staying low and disappearing into the bushes. You know how to hide well, so you quickly begin covering yourself with dirt and immersing yourself in the leaves, keeping low and quiet. You still your tired breathing, and wait.


You wait for several minutes, as the howls become louder, and louder, before going quiet. You wait carefully, your breath caught in your lungs, as you wait for several minutes.


Suddenly, a lupine maw emerges from the bush in front of you, followed by a pair of blood-red eyes. The werewolf stares at you, growling in a low voice, as you realize the creatures have followed your scent, and surrounding you. The albino wolf that's come across you looks at you with almost sadistic glee, licking its lips.


Almost an hour later, the screams filling the moonlit night finally end, the last few sounds little more than a dying, gargling whimper from a creature so broken and exhausted that they're incapable of even moving, the voice so red raw from screaming that it can barely make a noise. The torn apart, bloody body that is left there is never found, with what remains being food for the worms.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You stand, stern and waiting with your shotgun raised. The Vampire laughs, his fangs bared as he holds them above Father Féval's neck. Father Féval simply stands perfectly still, slowing his breathing as he stares blankly ahead, slowly mouthing "Do it".


"Come on!" the Vampire laughs, reaching his arm down and tapping on exactly where Father Féval's heart is. "Right here. Blow out your friend's heart and maybe you'll get me. You'll get rid of my shield, either way."


With the Vampire's arm having moved around to Father Féval's chest, Father Féval's hand has been released. Father Féval slowly reaches his hand down to his belt, staring ahead. He slowly lifts up his jacket, reaching under to grab the silver crucifix affixed to his belt. He slides the cross free, holding it tightly in his hands. He looks at you, nodding ever so slightly in an almost imperceptible gesture. Father Féval swings his arm back in one solid gesture, jamming the crucifix into the Vampire's eye.


The Vampire screams, a horrible rasping noise of anger and pain beyond what should come out of any human lungs, like the scraping of concrete on concrete. It grabs at the crucifix jamming into it's eye, hissing as Father Féval ducks out of his grasp, rolling to the side, giving you the perfect open target.


You raise your shotgun, aiming it at the vampire's heart. You squeeze the trigger, doing what you should. The blast of lead and burning Magnesium shards tear through the air, bursting forward and exploding through his heart, and causing his flesh and clothes to catch up in flames. He screams out in pain, forced backwards from the sheer force of impact. You pump your shotgun, firing another blast as it hits the Vampire in the head, which snaps back as his head erupts through melting flesh. You pump another, and another, and another round into him, as his inhuman body erupts into fire, flesh turning into ash as he collapses backwards against the wall, the force of the shells leaving the Vampire stumbling back as it gasps. It's flesh continues burning away to ash as the creature collapses to the ground, and soon there's nothing but an ash pile left. 


"Thanks," Father Féval nods, looking down at the ash pile that was previously about to tear out his throat. "We should burn this wretched place to the ground and get out of here. Too much of a story here if they find the blood extraction equipment."


A bright ringing noise startles you from behind, and you almost open fire in that direction as you redraw your revolver. You find yourself staring at a simple cellphone sitting on a table, vibrating and ringing away. You pause, looking at it with confusion.


"What is it?" Father Féval asks you.


"A phone," you answer, as you walk over slowly, reaching down and flipping open the phone, lifting it to your ear.


"Hello?"


"Hello, Mr Matasan."


Your blood chills for a moment, as you take a deep breath, terror ringing through you.


"And who may I be speaking to?"


"My name is Hrólfr Gaange. It's a pleasure to meet you."


"Is there something I can help you with?" you ask.


"You don't seem particularly afraid, Mr Matasan."


"Should I be, Mr Gaange?" you ask, trying to keep your calm.


"Of course not. It's just refreshing to speak to a new person without them being so terrified. Now, let's be quite frank, Mr Matasan. You killed one of my agents, and their thrall, did you not?"


"I did," you say, not wanting to waste the time that would've come from lying, since you know the creature's certain about these facts. 


"Interesting. Good. He was a weak, impulsive creature. He wasn't useful. Quite frankly, he was a threat to our existence. But you... you could be of assistance to me. You have potential. I want you to work for me." 


"No," you reply, almost instantly, prompting a dark chuckle from the bastard. 


"I understand. You've dedicated your life to protecting the innocent. But, so have I, Mr Matasan. I may be a vampire, but I do what's necessary for this world. I don't stalk through the streets at night attacking helpless women hiding in their beds. I'm not one of these crass specimens that wants to blot out the sun, or who wants to enslave mankind, or raise a legion of damned souls. I like the world the way it is. And I'm going to keep it safe from darker creatures of the night. I keep the world of darkness under wraps, as you do. I keep my dark brethren in check. I protect society. You could help me with that, and do a far better job than you do as a mortal." 


"No," you say again.


"Think about what I'm offering you. Immortality, riches, power, strength, speed, intelligence. Everything you could want." 


"I can't do that, Mr Gaange. I think you already knew that, though."


"Oh, I did. But I'm not looking to recruit you right now. I'm offering you a favor. You types never take the power offer. You don't join my side out of power-lust. You join out of desperation. A day will come when you need me. Perhaps you need some arcane knowledge. Perhaps you need money. Perhaps a cure for some unknown disease. Anything you ever need. Just... keep this phone. My number is under Mr Black. Generic, i know. When you need me, call. I can give you anything you want. And what do you lose for that? Your finite mortality, your weakness, your diseases, your poverty... a fair bargain, no."


"I'm not going to..." you begin to see, before a dark voice interupts you.


"Keep the phone. I know you don't think you'll need it, but you might. I'll talk to you sooner or later, Mr Matasan. Best of luck to you tonight. I've heard it'll be a big one."


The phone beeps as Mr Gaange hangs up on you. 


"What was it?" Father Féval asks.


"The target's vampiric master."


"What did he say?"


You pause, looking down at your phone as you try to think through what to do. You know Féval wouldn't support you taking the phone, but he doesn't have to know what was discussed.
> You leave the phone
Refusing to make any deals with the enemies you hunt, you drop the phone onto the group, watching it bounce along the hard concrete as it breaks, plastic splintering. You raise your shotgun, firing at it as it explodes in a shower of lead, magnesium and plastic. You step back, shaking your head. No use leaving any potential evidence for the fire department investigating this place.


"Nothing important," you say. "Just threats and bullshit."


"As always," Father Féval says. "Let's get out of here, William. There's nothing left for us here."


Your job done, you quickly set apart eradicating the evidence this place ever existed. The two of you pack up the jars of blood into the truck, for disposal somewhere that won't be investigated. You also take the IV and tubing, before grabbing your fuel cans. You quickly perform the same patterns, spreading it through the house evenly enough, focusing on that you need destroyed and that which is most flammable. With the two of you, the clean-up is surprisingly quickly the two of you working quickly in silence neither one of you wants to break. Once that's done, you head out of the house and set the home alight, watching as the flames run through the house and engulf it in an inferno.


"A job well done," Father Féval nods. "One more soul sent to its judgment. We should get back. There is more work to be done. Unless you would like to watch the house burn? Pyromania is a common turn for many a man in this line of duty, no?"


You don't feel like watching the house burn, not feeling the usual satisfaction of watching a lair of darkness light the shadows as a beacon of warmth and light. You just feel tired, even more so knowing that you're not finished your work tonight.


"No, I'm fine. Let's go," you answer.


Father Féval nods, shaking your hand before returning to his sedan, and heading off into the night. You head back to your truck as well, climbing in and heading off down the road again. The drive goes by quickly, as you turn your radio up until it's almost blaring some inane Norwegian pop song, and continue off down the road. 


It's not long before you pull up to the old country house again. The signs of the night's lateness are more obvious, now. A few of the vehicles parked outside are dented or have blood smears or bullet holes, and the Hunters that walk about them seem more exhausted. You head into the house, taking a moment to appreciate the light of the fireplace. But, the night is still young, and you have targets to hit. 


You walk towards the sitting room, one of the old house's converted into a "base of operations" of sorts. Although as Hunters, you tend to work independently, only using the Lodge for resources, resupplying and rest, as well as letting them know every so often you're not dead in the long periods of investigation and tracking in trying to find the lairs and dens of beasts, and trying to distinguish psychos and fools from men tainted by the demonic, or worse. 


However, it's the night of the Hunt, that beautiful night of the year where you wipe out the monsters that dwell in the shadows in one quick sweep, not even giving the bastards time to flee or figure out what's going on. And on the night of the Hunt, sometimes you need to work together. While maddened werewolves and loner vampires are easy prey with modern technology, hard-work, training and of course the element of surprise, when the creatures of darkness work together, so must you. When that happens, you plan and prepare in the lounge. 


You walk into the lodge, finding a large table with a map stretched across it. A half dozen men stand around it, all of whom you recognize as veteran Hunters. The leader of the group is the head of the Lodge, a man known as Ernest Collier. The old man's scarred, wrinkled face smiles at you as you enter. Ernest's too old at his age to still hunt, having since lost the physical peak that Hunters are required to be at, but his mind is strong and he's well experienced. Thus, he serves the cause through leading the lodge. Everything from supplying Hunters to recruiting to planning the larger hunts falls under his purview.


"William. I heard your hunt with Father Féval went well. I'm glad. How did your earlier target go?"


"Successfully," you say simply.


The next man in the room you see is Father Féval, who nods at you once more. As always, cold and calculated.


After him stands former-Unteroffizer Hans Hirsch. The tall man has dark black hair and light eyes, his face decorated with a long scar that goes vertically just left of his left eye. He leans over the table, scanning the map. His finger gently runs across hunting paths through the thick forest as he whispers to himself. Hans is a strange man, with a taste for drink, cigars, cigarettes, whores, gambling... anything he can get his hands on. But, he's a good hunter, having served in the military of his home country and having a great record on all his previous hunts.  


The final man is an Alaskan by the name of Russel Sloane. Time has taken the black from his thick beard and the hair from his head, but left the man's strength, speed and cunning, and only given him experience and wisdom for the trade. He's a powerful Hunter, and took the shift from bears and wolves to Kushtaka and Tupilaq with ease. He smiles at you grimly when you enter, his face showing a hint of more worry than usual.


"Are we ready to start?" you ask.


"We're waiting on someone," Russel says.


As you raise an eyebrow, the door swings open and you find yourself staring down at a young boy, barely in his mid teens. 


"This is my boy Wyatt. Now that's he's a full man, we'll be taking him on tonight's hunt, showing him how we fight. I filled him in on the details."


"Pleasure to meet y'all," he smiles nervously, as you look him up and down.


He's young, short, weak and skinny. You don't think he should be coming out, but he's a man more than you would normally have for this mission, and you're not going to be telling his father how to raise his own child. 


"Take a seat, Wyatt," Ernest smiles. "We're going to go over tonight's details."


Ernest takes a seat, as you stare down at the map ahead of you, which shows you a massive woods, with several hunting paths, potential lairs and scenes of incidents highlighted.


"Let's recap for those who didn't get to hear it directly from me!" Ernest says. "There's been several mauling's in these areas, and we've had reports a werewolf pack is responsible. Not just one werewolf, but an entire pack of about six to twelve creatures. We're taking a small team in their to set up an ambush, draw them out and kill them all. The plans' simple. Take a truck into the woods with a mutilated deer carcass, slathered in human blood. The scent should draw the werewolves into your area, where you'll have set up an overview to take them out. Simple."


You all nod, the review of your plan unnecessary for everyone but Wyatt.


"We're heading off in an hour and a half. I want all of you prepared and by the truck for then, understood?"


There's a chorus of affirmatives, as Ernest smiles. 


"Good to know. Best of luck, men."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You retreat to the car, calling into the Lodge. They report back that they've a spare Hunter to send out, one who is only acting on stand-by. Father Paul Féval. You know the man well, and have worked with him before. The man's a representative from the Vatican, a priest even, and as adamant in following the laws of the Bible as you are in never leaving the Lodge without a spare, but the man's a professional and an experienced Hunter. The man's permanent cold, professional demeanor means you'd be hesitant to call him a "friend", but you feel it'd be disrespectful to like anything. 


You get in your car, driving back a minute away from the house just for some extra space. Once you're out there, you wait outside your car, your weapons ready in case the vampire or his thrall emerge. The wait is long, but after fifteen minutes, you see a pair of dazzling head beams approaching you. A blackened sedan seems to almost form from the shadows, pulling in behind you. 


The sedan's driver door opens, as a tall, gaunt figure with spectacles and a black jacket and pants steps out. His long, bizarrely slender fingers tap against his side as his lips turn upwards very slightly in the barest facsimile of a smile. You know it's simply a polite sign, the man's professional nature means he takes no joy in this, instead simply seeing it as his religious duty.


"William," Father Féval nods. "The Lodge informs me we're dealing with a thrall and a youth, correct?"


"Correct, Father," you nod. "But they might be up."


"Best not to take risks, William. We have enough risks inherent to our job, don't we?"


Father Féval leans into the car, pulling out a vile of holy water. He dribbles it into his hands, blessing himself, before leaning back in and grabbing a silver crucifix. He affixes it to his belt, before flipping his jacket tails back, pulling out a pair of shining pistols. He looks at them both, examining them for a moment, before nodding. 


"I'm ready and willing, William."


"Let's go."


The pair of you begin walking down the street, ready to strike. You soon come up again to the house once more, walking up the path towards the house. You know from surveillance that the house has the main entrance as well as a back door. The lounge, dining room and basement are located near the front door. The sitting positions would give anyone in there the sight of the door, but it would allow for the quickest contact. If the vampires awake, eliminating the thrall would give you far better chances against the Vampire shortly afterwards. 


"You did the ground work. Suggestions?" Father Féval says unemotionally, seeming entirely focused on the situation with no fear, dread or anticipation. 
> You split up and take both entrances
"We split up. Take each side, catch the Thrall in a pincer movement, and get this done."


"Good. I understand. I'll take the back, your weapon is more of a..." Father Féval pauses, looking for the word. "Breaching weapon, no?"


"Fair point. Let's do it."


"Best of luck, my friend. Give me thirty seconds. I'll wait for the gunshot. You walk towards the house, shotgun held tightly in your hands. Surprisingly for a vampire's lair, your surveillance has said that the house is completely lacking in any serious security measures. Locked doors and windows, sure, but they're lacking the reinforced doors, security cameras. It's a young vampire, so you're not expecting legions of Thralls protecting him or runic blood magic protecting the house, but clearly the power's gone to this creature's head. 


Striding forward to the house's wooden door, you raise your shotgun, pointing it at the lock and firing. Booting the door open with a solid kick as you pump the shotgun, the door collapses to the ground as you quickly step through, making contact with the Thrall.


The Thrall stands in the kitchen, a short, bearded man with crazed eyes and grime and dirt stuck in his beard and on his face. He shakes his head repeatedly, growling and swearing as he divides a pile of crushed and broken white crystals, no doubt a substitute between his feedings on the vampiric blood he's heavily addicted to. 


His eyes dart up to you as he growls, an animalistic sound that could only come from a beast. His blood-shot eyes bulge, as he kicks the table with incredible strength, flipping it onto its side as he dives behind it. 


You watch as Father Féval walks into the room, having broken through the back door. He raises his rifles, pointing it as the Thrall's head.


"Hands up," he says.


"You goddamn bastard! We'll take the night back! We'll steal the fucking sun for you! We will rule the darkness, and we will fucking make blood bags of your loved o...!"


"Silencieux," Father Féval says calmly, as the man groans in pain, gritting his teeth. "Les flammes les plus méritées brûlent le plus chaud, pécheur. Que Dieu ait pitié de ce qui reste de votre âme misérable et trouve la miséricorde sur votre âme."


The two pistols fire, the Thrall's face exploding as blood and gore coats his wild hair and thick beard, his head caving in as the bullets carve their way through.


"Let's kill this Vampire and be done with this place," Father Féval says to you.


"Let's," you say, pumping your shotgun as your next shell enters the chamber.
> You take out the coffin
You quickly head down the staircase of the basement, descending into the dark basement, lit by a dim candle. You slow down as you notice the counters piled with jars filled to the brim with red liquid. A bloody metal table sits there with unopened leather straps, a series of tubing and IV's connected to it. You're certain that it's equipment to drain the blood of victims the Thrall captures, to feed his master when he doesn't wish to hunt for himself. 


However, the highlight of the room is a large, ornate coffin, leaning against a concrete wall. You've seen enough coffins in your life for any man, but this one is a fairly nice one. It's solid wood, cherry, with brass handles, sitting up on its side so its resident can sleep standing up. The face on the front of the coffin shows a grinning, gargoyle-like face made of brass, its eyes shining at you. You flinch at the sight of it, nervous about what lies behind it.


"Let's do it," Father Féval says.


You hurry up to the coffin, readying your shotgun as Father Féval takes the other side. 


"I take the chest, you take the head," you say, as Father Féval nods.


Quickly, the two of you perform the breaching mechanism. Swinging around and standing back, you quickly measure the size of the coffin and roughly calculate where the center of its heart is. You aim, your fingers tightening on the trigger as you fire the weapon, as does Father Féval.


Your shotgun bucks, firing lead and magnesium shards directly through the heavy wood of the coffin. You fire three times as the wood splinters and explodes away, your shells bursting through them as they tear through the coffin. Father Féval's rounds tear through where the head of the vampire should lie, bursting through the wood and hitting through inside. After a few seconds, the sound of gunfire calms as you look at Father Féval.


"Let us confirm the kill," Father Féval says.


Stepping forward, you grab the handle of the coffin and wretch it open, tearing open the splintered and almost destroyed door. Staring inside, you find splintered wood and torn apart coffin, and thankfully, the piles of ash that would indicate a clean kill. The vampire is dead, his body ash, and your task completed.


"Confirmed," you say.


"Thank God above," Father Féval says, showing the slightest traces of a smile. "We should burn this place to the ground and get out of here."


A bright ringing noise startles you from behind, and you almost open fire in that direction as you redraw your revolver. You find yourself staring at a simple cellphone sitting on a table, vibrating and ringing away. You pause, looking at it with confusion.


"What is it?" Father Féval asks you.


"A phone," you answer, as you walk over slowly, reaching down and flipping open the phone, lifting it to your ear.


"Hello?"


"Hello, Mr Matasan."


Your blood chills for a moment, as you take a deep breath, terror ringing through you.


"And who may I be speaking to?"


"My name is Hrólfr Gaange. It's a pleasure to meet you."


"Is there something I can help you with?" you ask.


"You don't seem particularly afraid, Mr Matasan."


"Should I be, Mr Gaange?" you ask, trying to keep your calm.


"Of course not. It's just refreshing to speak to a new person without them being so terrified. Now, let's be quite frank, Mr Matasan. You killed one of my agents, and their thrall, did you not?"


"I did," you say, not wanting to waste the time that would've come from lying, since you know the creature's certain about these facts. 


"Interesting. Good. He was a weak, impulsive creature. He wasn't useful. Quite frankly, he was a threat to our existence. But you... you could be of assistance to me. You have potential. I want you to work for me." 


"No," you reply, almost instantly, prompting a dark chuckle from the bastard. 


"I understand. You've dedicated your life to protecting the innocent. But, so have I, Mr Matasan. I may be a vampire, but I do what's necessary for this world. I don't stalk through the streets at night attacking helpless women hiding in their beds. I'm not one of these crass specimens that wants to blot out the sun, or who wants to enslave mankind, or raise a legion of damned souls. I like the world the way it is. And I'm going to keep it safe from darker creatures of the night. I keep the world of darkness under wraps, as you do. I keep my dark brethren in check. I protect society. You could help me with that, and do a far better job than you do as a mortal." 


"No," you say again.


"Think about what I'm offering you. Immortality, riches, power, strength, speed, intelligence. Everything you could want." 


"I can't do that, Mr Gaange. I think you already knew that, though."


"Oh, I did. But I'm not looking to recruit you right now. I'm offering you a favor. You types never take the power offer. You don't join my side out of power-lust. You join out of desperation. A day will come when you need me. Perhaps you need some arcane knowledge. Perhaps you need money. Perhaps a cure for some unknown disease. Anything you ever need. Just... keep this phone. My number is under Mr Black. Generic, i know. When you need me, call. I can give you anything you want. And what do you lose for that? Your finite mortality, your weakness, your diseases, your poverty... a fair bargain, no."


"I'm not going to..." you begin to see, before a dark voice interupts you.


"Keep the phone. I know you don't think you'll need it, but you might. I'll talk to you sooner or later, Mr Matasan. Best of luck to you tonight. I've heard it'll be a big one."


The phone beeps as Mr Gaange hangs up on you.


"What was it?" Father Féval asks.


"The target's vampiric master."


"What did he say?"


You pause, looking down at your phone as you try to think through what to do. You know Féval wouldn't support you taking the phone, but he doesn't have to know what was discussed.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>After clambering into your pick-up, you head off down the road, speeding along the streets as you head towards your target. The target house, due to the nature of what happens there, is very secluded. This means that it'll be all the easier for you to hit, as you won't have to worry about avoiding witnesses or police detection. You sure as shit don't want another police officer walking in on you mid-execution. You've dealt with it before, and things got... well, best not to let the mind dwell in the shadows. 


It's a long drive to your target, so you take the time to mentally prepare yourself, running through the plan again and again. The Vampire's secluded nature means he wakens to feed every two to three nights, before retiring to sleep. It seems the creature still struggles with fatigue, meaning he's particularly untrained in his power. He fed last night, so he should be easy prey. Kill the Thrall, and simply kill the beast in it's coffin.


You pull up far enough away from the target house so not even an awakened vampire could hear its engine rumbling or see the flickers of its light. You kill the lights and leave the engine running, just in case you need a quick get away, before stepping out of your car, grabbing your weapon and making your way up the road.


The veil of darkness that hung over the early night sky has been pulled from the sky, revealing the beauty of the stars. The moon shines bright, big and round like a light, surrounded by a billion shining stars that dot the heaves. It's stunningly beautiful, you must admit. The moon almost seems full, but you know it's not. The full moon has a tendency to alight some passion into the hearts of beasts, so the Lodge never has a hunt on those nights. However, nights lit by the moon are often the safest and brightest, so you tend to pick nights close to it. Best to have a bright sky watching over you when venturing into the shadows.


Heading towards the house, you keep the shotgun tight in your hands, ready to fire at a moment's notice, the dragon's breath rounds in the chamber. You see the lights . The thrall should be asleep, as should his master. It's nearly two, and the man's frantic work last night in capturing prey for his master should've left the exhausted bastard craving sleep. Never mind. Him being awake only heightens the challenge. As long as his master's asleep, this should be doable.


Although, if he's awake, it's out of schedule. Perhaps something's afoot, and perhaps his master is too. If that's the case, perhaps you should lean on the safer side of things.


Then again, it is the night of the hunt. Calling on back-up means depriving a Hunter from somewhere else, and that could have lasting consequences. Perhaps another team is short a member, and a Necromancer's flesh hounds get the drop on them. Perhaps a Skinwalker manages to escape the trap set for him, and hunt fresh prey in the safety of the far north, away from your reach. Either way, your actions, as always in this field, have consequences.
> You head in alone
You frown, deciding that you can't take away reinforcements on such an important night. You still have the drop on the Thrall, and despite his vampiric favor, he's a simple mortal with a beating heart that can be stop and fresh blood that can be spilled. You're going to take him out ,and remind his master of how much mortality stings. With fresh-faced determination, you walk forward towards the house. 


You walk with steady, certain steps up towards the house. You know from surveillance that the house has the main entrance as well as a back door. The lounge, dining room and basement are located near the front door. The sitting positions would give anyone in there the sight of the door, but it would allow for the quickest contact. If the vampire's awake, eliminating the thrall would give you far better chances against the Vampire shortly afterwards.


So, the only question left before you dive in the throes of nightmarish battle is whether you're going in through the front door or the back door.
> You head in the front door
You decide the front's the easiest option. You don't want to waste time messing about while the Vampire can be awoken at any point, because even with your skill and the element of surprise, a Thrall and his Vampire master are a serious threat. You need to do this quick and clean, and make sure you get the drop on the Vampire before's he's out of his coffin. 


You walk towards the house, shotgun held tightly in your hands. Surprisingly for a vampire's lair, your surveillance has said that the house is completely lacking in any serious security measures. Locked doors and windows, sure, but they're lacking the reinforced doors, security cameras. It's a young vampire, so you're not expecting legions of Thralls protecting him or runic blood magic protecting the house, but clearly the power's gone to this creature's head. 


Striding forward to the house's wooden door, you raise your shotgun, pointing it at the lock and firing. Booting the door open with a solid kick as you pump the shotgun, the door collapses to the ground as you quickly step through, making contact with the Thrall.


The Thrall stands in the kitchen, a short, bearded man with crazed eyes and grime and dirt stuck in his beard and on his face. He shakes his head repeatedly, growling and swearing as he divides a pile of crushed and broken white crystals, no doubt a substitute between his feedings on the vampiric blood he's heavily addicted to. 


His eyes dart up to you as he growls, an animalistic sound that could only come from a beast. His blood-shot eyes bulge, as he kicks the table with incredible strength, flipping it onto its side as he dives behind it. You immediately open fire, bullets and shotgun blasts easily tearing through the table, but it was a simply distraction, and the Thrall's already ducked behind the kitchen counter.


Suddenly, you see the barrel of a gun emerge from behind the kitchen counter, as the Thrall attempts to fight back. The gun's muzzle flashes and screams with the crackling of gunfire, and you dive behind cover, scrambling behind the corner of a wall, ready to fend off your opponent. You exchange fire with the Thrall, but he's hidden in cover and just firing her with potshots, and thus you don't really have a shot at him. It's clear he's trying to wait out the awakening of his master, so it's 


Retreating, as always, seems promising. The racket you're causing has no doubt awoken the vile monster you've come here to kill, and there's no use dying for no reason. You can also hold out patiently, wait for the Thrall to peek his head out and take him down, so you can secure the chance to fight the Vampire one-on-one. Of course, if you can rush the Thrall from his flank and take him out quickly, you'll be able to take down the Vampire while he's still slumbering in his coffin.
> You retreat to the truck
Knowing that staying there is a slaughter and every second you spend fighting is only going to make it more likely the sound of death and smell of flesh blood is going to awaken the thrall's master, you know you don't have a chance here. You break for the door, sprinting low and fast as your shotgun swings in your hands. Bullets land all around you, splintering the wooden door frame and embedding themselves in the wall around you as the Thrall tries to cut you down before you can escape, but you speed past and out of his line of fire. You leap forward with every step, quickly bursting out the front door as you sprint towards your truck.


You're running as fast as you're able, when suddenly, you get hit from the side with the strength of a truck. You're sent flying through the air before you can even realize what happens, as you skid along the cold earth and roll to a halt, feeling your now broken jaw smack into the frozen tundra. You lie there, broken and hurt, as you try to pull yourself to your feet. As soon as you put weight on your knee you're put through incredible pain and forced to do nothing but grit your teeth and bear it.


"You seem tired, Hunter," a voice says.


Your voice chills when you hear the voice, but you know it's not the time for tears. Turning your head, you find yourself staring up at a tall, deathly pale figure. It's skin seems almost entirely hairless except for the thick black hair that hangs down from its head. Its eyes, however... its blood red eyes betray an inhumanity that you'll never be able to comprehend. 


"Hello," the Vampire smiles, revealing a fanged mouth stretching from ear to ear. "And of course, goodbye."


"Fucking... blood thirsty... prick," you say, struggling to keep from collapsing to the ground. 


The Vampire strolls forward, savoring this moment, as his smile stretches further and further across his face, almost seeming to cut it in half. He lifts a polished boot into the air, placing it on your broken leg. He applies pressure, and you grit your teeth and try not to give him the satisfaction of screaming.


"A strong one. Your lodge will weep tonight. You can die quick, Hunter."


The Vampire slowly drops down to his knees, as you struggle to reach for your revolver at your side. You're far too late, though, as she grabs your head gently. You breath carefully, before he snaps your neck in a single motion. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide the front's the easiest option. You don't want to waste time messing about while the Vampire can be awoken at any point, because even with your skill and the element of surprise, a Thrall and his Vampire master are a serious threat. You need to do this quick and clean, and make sure you get the drop on the Vampire before's he's out of his coffin. 


You walk towards the house, shotgun held tightly in your hands. Surprisingly for a vampire's lair, your surveillance has said that the house is completely lacking in any serious security measures. Locked doors and windows, sure, but they're lacking the reinforced doors, security cameras. It's a young vampire, so you're not expecting legions of Thralls protecting him or runic blood magic protecting the house, but clearly the power's gone to this creature's head. 


Striding forward to the house's wooden door, you raise your shotgun, pointing it at the lock and firing. Booting the door open with a solid kick as you pump the shotgun, the door collapses to the ground as you quickly step through, making contact with the Thrall.


The Thrall stands in the kitchen, a short, bearded man with crazed eyes and grime and dirt stuck in his beard and on his face. He shakes his head repeatedly, growling and swearing as he divides a pile of crushed and broken white crystals, no doubt a substitute between his feedings on the vampiric blood he's heavily addicted to. 


His eyes dart up to you as he growls, an animalistic sound that could only come from a beast. His blood-shot eyes bulge, as he kicks the table with incredible strength, flipping it onto its side as he dives behind it. You immediately open fire, bullets and shotgun blasts easily tearing through the table, but it was a simply distraction, and the Thrall's already ducked behind the kitchen counter.


Suddenly, you see the barrel of a gun emerge from behind the kitchen counter, as the Thrall attempts to fight back. The gun's muzzle flashes and screams with the crackling of gunfire, and you dive behind cover, scrambling behind the corner of a wall, ready to fend off your opponent. You exchange fire with the Thrall, but he's hidden in cover and just firing her with potshots, and thus you don't really have a shot at him. It's clear he's trying to wait out the awakening of his master, so it's 


Retreating, as always, seems promising. The racket you're causing has no doubt awoken the vile monster you've come here to kill, and there's no use dying for no reason. You can also hold out patiently, wait for the Thrall to peek his head out and take him down, so you can secure the chance to fight the Vampire one-on-one. Of course, if you can rush the Thrall from his flank and take him out quickly, you'll be able to take down the Vampire while he's still slumbering in his coffin.
> You hold out and wait for the Thrall to peek his head out for your shot
You keep your position, taking pot shots at the Thrall as he fires back at you, but neither one of you is able to get anywhere close. You wait patiently, ready for the Thrall to peek his head out. The crazed, drug-addled man is well trained by his master, but he's still lacking in any real training or discipline, so you just need your chance. The seconds you wait feel like an eternity, the sound of gunfire bursting out and tearing away the veil of silence.


"Playing with the slave, Hunter?" a voice says.


Your voice chills when you hear the voice. Turning your head, you find yourself staring up at a tall, deathly pale figure. It's skin seems almost entirely hairless except for the thick black hair that hangs down from its head. Its eyes, however... its blood red eyes betray an inhumanity that you'll never be able to comprehend. 


"Hello," the Vampire smiles, revealing a fanged mouth stretching from ear to ear. 


The Vampire is nearly upon you, and you need to decide whether to open fire and hope you have a chance, even with him at the edge of tearing you apart, or you can try make a break for the back door.
> You open fire on the Vampire
You raise your shotgun through the air, but the Vampire's reflexes are faster. He bursts forward, grabbing the shotgun by it's barrel and flinging it across the room. 


"And of course, goodbye, little Hunter."


The Vampire bursts forward, grabbing you by the neck and pinning you against the counter, his knee smashing into your chest and pinning you down against the counter. You groan in pain as ribs break, as the Vampire's smile stretches further and further across his face, almost seeming to cut it in half. He jams his knee further into your chest as you scream, pain burning and shooting through your chest, and you grit your teeth and try not to give him the satisfaction of screaming.


"A strong one. Your lodge will weep tonight. You can die quick, Hunter."


The Vampire pulls his knee back, before ramming it through your chest with all his strength with a laugh. You feel your organs crushed as they explode through, and you go limp, the eyes rolling to the back of your head.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You keep your position, taking pot shots at the Thrall as he fires back at you, but neither one of you is able to get anywhere close. You wait patiently, ready for the Thrall to peek his head out. The crazed, drug-addled man is well trained by his master, but he's still lacking in any real training or discipline, so you just need your chance. The seconds you wait feel like an eternity, the sound of gunfire bursting out and tearing away the veil of silence.


"Playing with the slave, Hunter?" a voice says.


Your voice chills when you hear the voice. Turning your head, you find yourself staring up at a tall, deathly pale figure. It's skin seems almost entirely hairless except for the thick black hair that hangs down from its head. Its eyes, however... its blood red eyes betray an inhumanity that you'll never be able to comprehend. 


"Hello," the Vampire smiles, revealing a fanged mouth stretching from ear to ear. 


The Vampire is nearly upon you, and you need to decide whether to open fire and hope you have a chance, even with him at the edge of tearing you apart, or you can try make a break for the back door.
> You charge the Thrall to fight your way out
 

You turn, barreling around the corner as fast as you can while you fire a shotgun blast. The Vampire laughs watching you run. You speed out from the counter, hurrying forward, as the Thrall lets out a burst of manic laughter, copying his master.


The assault rifle's barrel bursts out in a scream of gunfire, and your scream soon answers it.


After facing tooth, claw, demonic possession and worse, it's a simple bullet that takes you down. You collapse to the ground, your body shaking as blood pools around you. 


You feel the air knocked out of your lungs as you bounce against the wall and collapse to your knees. For a moment, you just feel a cold swelling through you as you're left unable to breathe, before the pain begins to burn its way through your chest.


Gasping for breath that won't fill your lungs as you find them filling with warm, wet, blood instead, and you're left drowning in it. You manage to pull a few strangled breaths from the air, as you stay on your knee, knowing that if you collapse you'll end up letting the darkness taken.


"Aah... you look appetizing, don't you?" the Vampire smiles.


"Fucking... blood thirsty... prick," you say, struggling to keep from collapsing to the ground. 


The Vampire slowly walks forward. You know he could strike far faster, but the vampire seems to be savoring his kill.


You go to your revolver, hidden at your side, grabbing the ivory handle as you attempt to draw your gun. You fumble to pull it from the safety of its holster, before the Vampire grabs his wrist, bending your arm behind your back as you scream. His jaw snaps forward, a fanged mouth tearing into your neck. You let out a scream, teeth bursting through flesh and slicing into veins. Your body weakens in the creature's grasp as it begins to drain you of your blood, and the world rapidly goes dark as blood loss takes you. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide the front's the easiest option. You don't want to waste time messing about while the Vampire can be awoken at any point, because even with your skill and the element of surprise, a Thrall and his Vampire master are a serious threat. You need to do this quick and clean, and make sure you get the drop on the Vampire before's he's out of his coffin. 


You walk towards the house, shotgun held tightly in your hands. Surprisingly for a vampire's lair, your surveillance has said that the house is completely lacking in any serious security measures. Locked doors and windows, sure, but they're lacking the reinforced doors, security cameras. It's a young vampire, so you're not expecting legions of Thralls protecting him or runic blood magic protecting the house, but clearly the power's gone to this creature's head. 


Striding forward to the house's wooden door, you raise your shotgun, pointing it at the lock and firing. Booting the door open with a solid kick as you pump the shotgun, the door collapses to the ground as you quickly step through, making contact with the Thrall.


The Thrall stands in the kitchen, a short, bearded man with crazed eyes and grime and dirt stuck in his beard and on his face. He shakes his head repeatedly, growling and swearing as he divides a pile of crushed and broken white crystals, no doubt a substitute between his feedings on the vampiric blood he's heavily addicted to. 


His eyes dart up to you as he growls, an animalistic sound that could only come from a beast. His blood-shot eyes bulge, as he kicks the table with incredible strength, flipping it onto its side as he dives behind it. You immediately open fire, bullets and shotgun blasts easily tearing through the table, but it was a simply distraction, and the Thrall's already ducked behind the kitchen counter.


Suddenly, you see the barrel of a gun emerge from behind the kitchen counter, as the Thrall attempts to fight back. The gun's muzzle flashes and screams with the crackling of gunfire, and you dive behind cover, scrambling behind the corner of a wall, ready to fend off your opponent. You exchange fire with the Thrall, but he's hidden in cover and just firing her with potshots, and thus you don't really have a shot at him. It's clear he's trying to wait out the awakening of his master, so it's 


Retreating, as always, seems promising. The racket you're causing has no doubt awoken the vile monster you've come here to kill, and there's no use dying for no reason. You can also hold out patiently, wait for the Thrall to peek his head out and take him down, so you can secure the chance to fight the Vampire one-on-one. Of course, if you can rush the Thrall from his flank and take him out quickly, you'll be able to take down the Vampire while he's still slumbering in his coffin.
> You charge the Thrall from his flank
You charge forward, raising your shotgun into the air as you run low and fast, fingers ready on the trigger. You emerge from behind your choice of cover, rushing forward as you raise your shotgun, firing through the thrall's chest. He screams, his clothes lighting into flames as he screams, catapulted into the wall. He lets lose with his rifle, either as his twitching body pulls the trigger or in one last burst of dying energy, and bullets slam into your chest.


You feel the air knocked out of your lungs as you bounce against the wall and collapse to your knees. For a moment, you just feel a cold swelling through you as you're left unable to breathe, before the pain begins to burn its way through your chest.


Gasping for breath that won't fill your lungs as you find them filling with warm, wet, blood instead, and you're left drowning in it. You manage to pull a few strangled breaths from the air, as you stay on your knee, knowing that if you collapse you'll end up letting the darkness taken. All you can think is that you can't fall out, and you should've clalled for fucking back-up.


Then, somewhere in your struggle, you hear loud footsteps to your right. Turning your head, you find yourself staring up at a tall, deathly pale figure. It's skin seems almost entirely hairless except for the thick black hair that hangs down from its head. Its eyes, however... its blood red eyes betray an inhumanity that you'll never be able to comprehend. 


"Hello," the Vampire smiles, revealing a fanged mouth stretching from ear to ear. "And of course, goodbye."


"Fucking... blood thirsty... prick," you say, struggling to keep from collapsing to the ground. 


The Vampire slowly walks forward, it's grin stretching further and further until it seems like it should be tearing its face in two. You know he could strike far faster, but the vampire seems to be savoring his kill.


You go to your revolver, hidden at your side, grabbing the ivory handle as you attempt to draw your gun. You fumble to pull it from the safety of its holster, before the Vampire grabs his wrist, bending your arm behind your back as you scream. His jaw snaps forward, a fanged mouth tearing into your neck. You let out a scream, teeth bursting through flesh and slicing into veins. Your body weakens in the creature's grasp as it begins to drain you of your blood, and the world rapidly goes dark as blood loss takes you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You frown, deciding that you can't take away reinforcements on such an important night. You still have the drop on the Thrall, and despite his vampiric favor, he's a simple mortal with a beating heart that can be stop and fresh blood that can be spilled. You're going to take him out ,and remind his master of how much mortality stings. With fresh-faced determination, you walk forward towards the house. 


You walk with steady, certain steps up towards the house. You know from surveillance that the house has the main entrance as well as a back door. The lounge, dining room and basement are located near the front door. The sitting positions would give anyone in there the sight of the door, but it would allow for the quickest contact. If the vampire's awake, eliminating the thrall would give you far better chances against the Vampire shortly afterwards.


So, the only question left before you dive in the throes of nightmarish battle is whether you're going in through the front door or the back door.
> You head in the back door
The back door, you decide. You want to ensure you get the drop on the Thrall, and don't end up in a firefight with the man, or else the vampire will have time to awaken from his internal, dreamless slumber, and then you don't have a chance in hell. With that decided, you walk towards the house, shotgun gripped tightly in your hand. Surprisingly for a vampire's lair, your surveillance has said that the house is completely lacking in any serious security measures. Locked doors and windows, sure, but they're lacking the reinforced doors, security cameras. It's a young vampire, so you're not expecting legions of Thralls protecting him or runic blood magic protecting the house, but clearly the power's gone to this creature's head. 


Moving slowly and softly through the garden around to the back, you still your breathing and do your best to be as soundless as the shadows. You creep through the rose bushes, whose petals look almost eerily beautiful in the moonlight. The sky's light brightens your path, but also makes it harder to sneak, and you just stay low and hope that if the Thrall happens to be looking out the window, he isn't looking too hard. 


Edging around to the back, you draw close to the wooden door. You move to the door, standing ready, before striking. Taking a deep breath, you growl, ready to act. You raise your shotgun, firing through the door's lock as you boot it open, quickly stepping through the now opened doorway and into the house.


The Thrall stands in the kitchen, his back turned to you.The Thrall is a short, bearded man, growling and shaking his head repeatedly as he divides a pile of crushed and broken white crystals, no doubt a substitute between his feedings on the vampiric blood he's heavily addicted to. The man quickly turns, his crazed, blood-shot eyes bulging at you as he sees you. 


His eyes dart up to you as he growls, an animalistic sound that could only come from a beast. With a roar, he charges for you.
> You reload and fire
You pump your shotgun, as the crazed man leaps through the air towards you. Rolling back, your hands clench and pull the trigger, firing a burst of flames and metal through the air in a noise like a dragon's roar firing straight through the thrall's chest. He gasps, his clothes lighting into flames as he's catapulted into the wall. He slides down the wall, screaming out in anger and pain, a noise of such intense rage that it chills you. 


Marching forward, you aim your shotgun to his head.


"You goddamn bastard! We'll take the night back! We'll steal the fucking sun for you! We will rule the darkness, and we will fucking make blood bags of your loved o...!"


You fire the round, the man's head exploding. You've listened to enough insane ramblings in your day, so you're not bothering with the man. With him dead, you've one target left.
> You take out the coffin
You quickly head down the staircase of the basement, descending into the dark basement, lit by a dim candle. You slow down as you notice the counters piled with jars filled to the brim with red liquid. A bloody metal table sits there with unopened leather straps, a series of tubing and IV's connected to it. You're certain that it's equipment to drain the blood of victims the Thrall captures, to feed his master when he doesn't wish to hunt for himself. 


However, the highlight of the room is a large, ornate coffin, leaning against a concrete wall. You've seen enough coffins in your life for any man, but this one is a fairly nice one. It's solid wood, cherry, with brass handles, sitting up on its side so its resident can sleep standing up. The face on the front of the coffin shows a grinning, gargoyle-like face made of brass, its eyes shining at you. You flinch at the sight of it, nervous about what lies behind it.


You hurry up to the coffin, readying your shotgun to perform the breaching actions. Swinging around and standing back, you quickly measure the size of the coffin and roughly calculate where the center of its heart is. You aim, your fingers tightening on the trigger as you fire the weapon.


Your shotgun bucks, firing lead and magnesium shards directly through the heavy wood of the coffin. You fire four times as the wood splinters and explodes away, your shells bursting through them as they tear through the coffin, swiveling your aim between where the head and heart should lie. After a few seconds, you pause, quickly reloading your shotgun as you step back, hoping the creature lies dead inside there.


Stepping forward, you grab the handle of the coffin and wretch it open, tearing open the splintered and almost destroyed door. Staring inside, you find splintered wood and torn apart coffin... but no vampire, or no ash to show a clean kill.


"That was expensive," a dark, chilling voice says. "You'll pay for that."


Your voice chills when you hear the voice, but you know it's not the time for tears. Turning your head, you find yourself staring up at a tall, deathly pale figure, baring a pair of ivory daggers that descend from its upper jaw. It's skin seems almost entirely hairless except for the thick black hair that hangs down from its head. Its eyes, however... its blood red eyes betray an inhumanity that you'll never be able to comprehend. 


The creature dashes forward, grabbing your shotgun by the handle and punching you in the stomach. He quickly begins to wrest the shotgun out of your hands as you use all your strength to stop it, fighting for control of your weapon while using your knees to keep the vampire far enough away from you so that it's fangs can't sink into your flesh and drain you of your blood.
> You fight for control of the shotgun
You grab the shotgun with both hands, tightening your grip and trying your best to wrestle it out of the Vampire's hand, but he's far stronger than you. The Vampire grabs your wrist, pulling it behind your back and forcing you to the ground. There's a painful snap as you feel your arm break in half, and you let out a horrified scream. The Vampire pulls the shotgun from your broken grip, laughing.


"I thought you Hunters were supposed to be threats," he laughs. 


"You're never going to feel the sun on your face, you monster," you groan.


The Vampire lifts the shotgun into the air, smashing it against your head as you scream. The creature repeatedly smashes the butt of your shotgun against your skull, hitting you again and again and again as your skull is crushed into the concrete floor, blood and brains leaking in a puddle around your shattered form.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You quickly head down the staircase of the basement, descending into the dark basement, lit by a dim candle. You slow down as you notice the counters piled with jars filled to the brim with red liquid. A bloody metal table sits there with unopened leather straps, a series of tubing and IV's connected to it. You're certain that it's equipment to drain the blood of victims the Thrall captures, to feed his master when he doesn't wish to hunt for himself. 


However, the highlight of the room is a large, ornate coffin, leaning against a concrete wall. You've seen enough coffins in your life for any man, but this one is a fairly nice one. It's solid wood, cherry, with brass handles, sitting up on its side so its resident can sleep standing up. The face on the front of the coffin shows a grinning, gargoyle-like face made of brass, its eyes shining at you. You flinch at the sight of it, nervous about what lies behind it.


You hurry up to the coffin, readying your shotgun to perform the breaching actions. Swinging around and standing back, you quickly measure the size of the coffin and roughly calculate where the center of its heart is. You aim, your fingers tightening on the trigger as you fire the weapon.


Your shotgun bucks, firing lead and magnesium shards directly through the heavy wood of the coffin. You fire four times as the wood splinters and explodes away, your shells bursting through them as they tear through the coffin, swiveling your aim between where the head and heart should lie. After a few seconds, you pause, quickly reloading your shotgun as you step back, hoping the creature lies dead inside there.


Stepping forward, you grab the handle of the coffin and wretch it open, tearing open the splintered and almost destroyed door. Staring inside, you find splintered wood and torn apart coffin... but no vampire, or no ash to show a clean kill.


"That was expensive," a dark, chilling voice says. "You'll pay for that."


Your voice chills when you hear the voice, but you know it's not the time for tears. Turning your head, you find yourself staring up at a tall, deathly pale figure, baring a pair of ivory daggers that descend from its upper jaw. It's skin seems almost entirely hairless except for the thick black hair that hangs down from its head. Its eyes, however... its blood red eyes betray an inhumanity that you'll never be able to comprehend. 


The creature dashes forward, grabbing your shotgun by the handle and punching you in the stomach. He quickly begins to wrest the shotgun out of your hands as you use all your strength to stop it, fighting for control of your weapon while using your knees to keep the vampire far enough away from you so that it's fangs can't sink into your flesh and drain you of your blood.
> You release your grip on the shotgun and draw your revolver
You release your grip on the shotgun, allowing the Vampire to tear it free from himself as you rapidly backpedal, grabbing the revolver at your side and drawing it in one smooth motion. You aim the revolver at the vampire's chest. For a moment, you see the smile drop from the vampire's face as you open fire, releasing a burst of silver bullets from your gun. The silver bullets embed themselves directly in the Vampire's heart as it topples back, the force of the bullets leaving the Vampire stumbling back as it gasps. It's flesh begins burning away to ash as the creature collapses to the ground, and soon there's nothing but an ash pile left. 


You gasp, leaning back as you sigh, putting away your revolver. You look down at the pile of ash, walking forward as you drop to your knees, searching through the ash to recover your spent bullets. You pull them out, stuffing them into your pocket to be reforged into fresh bullets later. With that, you stand.


A bright ringing noise startles you from behind, and you almost open fire in that direction as you redraw your revolver. You find yourself staring at a simple cellphone sitting on a table, vibrating and ringing away. You pause, looking at it with confusion.


You walk over slowly, reaching down and flipping open the phone, lifting it to your ear.


"Hello?"


"Hello, Mr Matasan."


Your blood chills for a moment, as you take a deep breath, terror ringing through you.


"And who may I be speaking to?"


"My name is Hrólfr Gaange. It's a pleasure to meet you."


"Is there something I can help you with?" you ask.


"You don't seem particularly afraid, Mr Matasan."


"Should I be, Mr Gaange?" you ask, trying to keep your calm.


"Of course not. It's just refreshing to speak to a new person without them being so terrified. Now, let's be quite frank, Mr Matasan. You killed one of my agents, and their thrall, did you not?"


"I did," you say, not wanting to waste the time that would've come from lying, since you know the creature's certain about these facts. 


"Interesting. Good. He was a weak, impulsive creature. He wasn't useful. Quite frankly, he was a threat to our existence. But you... you could be of assistance to me. You have potential. I want you to work for me." 


"No," you reply, almost instantly, prompting a dark chuckle from the bastard. 


"I understand. You've dedicated your life to protecting the innocent. But, so have I, Mr Matasan. I may be a vampire, but I do what's necessary for this world. I don't stalk through the streets at night attacking helpless women hiding in their beds. I'm not one of these crass specimens that wants to blot out the sun, or who wants to enslave mankind, or raise a legion of damned souls. I like the world the way it is. And I'm going to keep it safe from darker creatures of the night. I keep the world of darkness under wraps, as you do. I keep my dark brethren in check. I protect society. You could help me with that, and do a far better job than you do as a mortal." 


"No," you say again.


"Think about what I'm offering you. Immortality, riches, power, strength, speed, intelligence. Everything you could want." 


"I can't do that, Mr Gaange. I think you already knew that, though."


"Oh, I did. But I'm not looking to recruit you right now. I'm offering you a favor. You types never take the power offer. You don't join my side out of power-lust. You join out of desperation. A day will come when you need me. Perhaps you need some arcane knowledge. Perhaps you need money. Perhaps a cure for some unknown disease. Anything you ever need. Just... keep this phone. My number is under Mr Black. Generic, i know. When you need me, call. I can give you anything you want. And what do you lose for that? Your finite mortality, your weakness, your diseases, your poverty... a fair bargain, no."


"I'm not going to..." you begin to see, before a dark voice interrupts you.


"Keep the phone. I know you don't think you'll need it, but you might. I'll talk to you sooner or later, Mr Matasan. Best of luck to you tonight. I've heard it'll be a big one."


The phone beeps as Mr Gaange hangs up on you. You pause, looking down at your phone as you try to think through what to do.
> You take the phone
Thinking long and hard, you decide to take the phone. Perhaps it could be of some use. Maybe. Hopefully, you never have to use it, but you didn't survive this long in the field by turning away potential gifts, and you're not going to start now. Everything you can use in the fight against darkness, you will use. You slide the phone into one of your secure pockets, buttoning it up and patting it to make sure it's secure.


Your job done, you quickly set apart eradicating the evidence this place ever existed. You pack up the jars of blood into the truck, for disposal somewhere that won't be investigated. You also take the IV and tubing, before grabbing your fuel cans. You quickly perform the same patterns, spreading it through the house evenly enough, focusing on that you need destroyed and that which is most flammable. Once that's done, you head out of the house and set the home alight, watching as the flames run through the house and engulf it in an inferno.


You don't feel like watching it, not feeling the usual satisfaction of watching a lair of darkness light the shadows as a beacon of warmth and light. You just feel tired, even more so knowing that you're not finished your work tonight.


You head back to your truck, climbing in and heading off down the road again. The drive goes by quickly, as you turn your radio up until it's almost blaring some inane Norwegian pop song, and continue off down the road. 


It's not long before you pull up to the old country house again. The signs of the night's lateness are more obvious, now. A few of the vehicles parked outside are dented or have blood smears or bullet holes, and the Hunters that walk about them seem more exhausted. You head into the house, taking a moment to appreciate the light of the fireplace. But, the night is still young, and you have targets to hit. 


You walk towards the sitting room, one of the old house's converted into a "base of operations" of sorts. Although as Hunters, you tend to work independently, only using the Lodge for resources, resupplying and rest, as well as letting them know every so often you're not dead in the long periods of investigation and tracking in trying to find the lairs and dens of beasts, and trying to distinguish psychos and fools from men tainted by the demonic, or worse. 


However, it's the night of the Hunt, that beautiful night of the year where you wipe out the monsters that dwell in the shadows in one quick sweep, not even giving the bastards time to flee or figure out what's going on. And on the night of the Hunt, sometimes you need to work together. While maddened werewolves and loner vampires are easy prey with modern technology, hard-work, training and of course the element of surprise, when the creatures of darkness work together, so must you. When that happens, you plan and prepare in the lounge. 


You walk into the lodge, finding a large table with a map stretched across it. A half dozen men stand around it, all of whom you recognize as veteran Hunters. The leader of the group is the head of the Lodge, a man known as Ernest Collier. The old man's scarred, wrinkled face smiles at you as you enter. Ernest's too old at his age to still hunt, having since lost the physical peak that Hunters are required to be at, but his mind is strong and he's well experienced. Thus, he serves the cause through leading the lodge. Everything from supplying Hunters to recruiting to planning the larger hunts falls under his purview.


"William. How have your two hunts been?" he asks.


"Successfully," you say simply.


The next man is Father Féval, a tall, gaunt figure with spectacles dressed in black. His lips turn upwards in the barest facsimile of a smile as he looks at you. You know he's only trying to be polite, his professional, cold nature means he rarely takes joy, and lives of a live of abstinence and religious duty. You retreat to the car, calling into the Lodge. They report back that they've a spare Hunter to send out, one who is only acting on stand-by. Father Paul Féval. You know the man well, and have worked with him before. The man's a representative from the Vatican, a priest even, and as adamant in following the laws of the Bible as you are in never leaving the Lodge without a spare, but the man's a professional and an experienced Hunter. The man's permanent cold, professional demeanor means you'd be hesitant to call him a "friend", but you feel it'd be disrespectful to like anything. 


After him stands former-Unteroffizer Hans Hirsch. The tall man has dark black hair and light eyes, his face decorated with a long scar that goes vertically just left of his left eye. He leans over the table, scanning the map. His finger gently runs across hunting paths through the thick forest as he whispers to himself. Hans is a strange man, with a taste for drink, cigars, cigarettes, whores, gambling... anything he can get his hands on. But, he's a good hunter, having served in the military of his home country and having a great record on all his previous hunts.  


The final man is an Alaskan by the name of Russel Sloane. Time has taken the black from his thick beard and the hair from his head, but left the man's strength, speed and cunning, and only given him experience and wisdom for the trade. He's a powerful Hunter, and took the shift from bears and wolves to Kushtaka and Tupilaq with ease. He smiles at you grimly when you enter, his face showing a hint of more worry than usual.


"Are we ready to start?" you ask.


"We're waiting on someone," Russel says.


As you raise an eyebrow, the door swings open and you find yourself staring down at a young boy, barely in his mid teens. 


"This is my boy Wyatt. Now that's he's a full man, we'll be taking him on tonight's hunt, showing him how we fight. I filled him in on the details."


"Pleasure to meet y'all," he smiles nervously, as you look him up and down.


He's young, short, weak and skinny. You don't think he should be coming out, but he's a man more than you would normally have for this mission, and you're not going to be telling his father how to raise his own child. 


"Take a seat, Wyatt," Ernest smiles. "We're going to go over tonight's details."


Ernest takes a seat, as you stare down at the map ahead of you, which shows you a massive woods, with several hunting paths, potential lairs and scenes of incidents highlighted.


"Let's recap for those who didn't get to hear it directly from me!" Ernest says. "There's been several mauling's in these areas, and we've had reports a werewolf pack is responsible. Not just one werewolf, but an entire pack of about six to twelve creatures. We're taking a small team in their to set up an ambush, draw them out and kill them all. The plans' simple. Take a truck into the woods with a mutilated deer carcass, slathered in human blood. The scent should draw the werewolves into your area, where you'll have set up an overview to take them out. Simple."


You all nod, the review of your plan unnecessary for everyone but Wyatt.


"We're heading off in an hour and a half. I want all of you prepared and by the truck for then, understood?"


There's a chorus of affirmatives, as Ernest smiles. 


"Good to know. Best of luck, men."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You release your grip on the shotgun, allowing the Vampire to tear it free from himself as you rapidly backpedal, grabbing the revolver at your side and drawing it in one smooth motion. You aim the revolver at the vampire's chest. For a moment, you see the smile drop from the vampire's face as you open fire, releasing a burst of silver bullets from your gun. The silver bullets embed themselves directly in the Vampire's heart as it topples back, the force of the bullets leaving the Vampire stumbling back as it gasps. It's flesh begins burning away to ash as the creature collapses to the ground, and soon there's nothing but an ash pile left. 


You gasp, leaning back as you sigh, putting away your revolver. You look down at the pile of ash, walking forward as you drop to your knees, searching through the ash to recover your spent bullets. You pull them out, stuffing them into your pocket to be reforged into fresh bullets later. With that, you stand.


A bright ringing noise startles you from behind, and you almost open fire in that direction as you redraw your revolver. You find yourself staring at a simple cellphone sitting on a table, vibrating and ringing away. You pause, looking at it with confusion.


You walk over slowly, reaching down and flipping open the phone, lifting it to your ear.


"Hello?"


"Hello, Mr Matasan."


Your blood chills for a moment, as you take a deep breath, terror ringing through you.


"And who may I be speaking to?"


"My name is Hrólfr Gaange. It's a pleasure to meet you."


"Is there something I can help you with?" you ask.


"You don't seem particularly afraid, Mr Matasan."


"Should I be, Mr Gaange?" you ask, trying to keep your calm.


"Of course not. It's just refreshing to speak to a new person without them being so terrified. Now, let's be quite frank, Mr Matasan. You killed one of my agents, and their thrall, did you not?"


"I did," you say, not wanting to waste the time that would've come from lying, since you know the creature's certain about these facts. 


"Interesting. Good. He was a weak, impulsive creature. He wasn't useful. Quite frankly, he was a threat to our existence. But you... you could be of assistance to me. You have potential. I want you to work for me." 


"No," you reply, almost instantly, prompting a dark chuckle from the bastard. 


"I understand. You've dedicated your life to protecting the innocent. But, so have I, Mr Matasan. I may be a vampire, but I do what's necessary for this world. I don't stalk through the streets at night attacking helpless women hiding in their beds. I'm not one of these crass specimens that wants to blot out the sun, or who wants to enslave mankind, or raise a legion of damned souls. I like the world the way it is. And I'm going to keep it safe from darker creatures of the night. I keep the world of darkness under wraps, as you do. I keep my dark brethren in check. I protect society. You could help me with that, and do a far better job than you do as a mortal." 


"No," you say again.


"Think about what I'm offering you. Immortality, riches, power, strength, speed, intelligence. Everything you could want." 


"I can't do that, Mr Gaange. I think you already knew that, though."


"Oh, I did. But I'm not looking to recruit you right now. I'm offering you a favor. You types never take the power offer. You don't join my side out of power-lust. You join out of desperation. A day will come when you need me. Perhaps you need some arcane knowledge. Perhaps you need money. Perhaps a cure for some unknown disease. Anything you ever need. Just... keep this phone. My number is under Mr Black. Generic, i know. When you need me, call. I can give you anything you want. And what do you lose for that? Your finite mortality, your weakness, your diseases, your poverty... a fair bargain, no."


"I'm not going to..." you begin to see, before a dark voice interrupts you.


"Keep the phone. I know you don't think you'll need it, but you might. I'll talk to you sooner or later, Mr Matasan. Best of luck to you tonight. I've heard it'll be a big one."


The phone beeps as Mr Gaange hangs up on you. You pause, looking down at your phone as you try to think through what to do.
> You destroy the phone
Refusing to make any deals with the enemies you hunt, you drop the phone onto the group, watching it bounce along the hard concrete as it breaks, plastic splintering. You raise your shotgun, firing at it as it explodes in a shower of lead, magnesium and plastic. You step back, shaking your head. No use leaving any potential evidence for the fire department investigating this place.


Your job done, you quickly set apart eradicating the evidence this place ever existed. You pack up the jars of blood into the truck, for disposal somewhere that won't be investigated. You also take the IV and tubing, before grabbing your fuel cans. You quickly perform the same patterns, spreading it through the house evenly enough, focusing on that you need destroyed and that which is most flammable. Once that's done, you head out of the house and set the home alight, watching as the flames run through the house and engulf it in an inferno.


You don't feel like watching it, not feeling the usual satisfaction of watching a lair of darkness light the shadows as a beacon of warmth and light. You just feel tired, even more so knowing that you're not finished your work tonight.


You head back to your truck, climbing in and heading off down the road again. The drive goes by quickly, as you turn your radio up until it's almost blaring some inane Norwegian pop song, and continue off down the road. 


It's not long before you pull up to the old country house again. The signs of the night's lateness are more obvious, now. A few of the vehicles parked outside are dented or have blood smears or bullet holes, and the Hunters that walk about them seem more exhausted. You head into the house, taking a moment to appreciate the light of the fireplace. But, the night is still young, and you have targets to hit. 


You walk towards the sitting room, one of the old house's converted into a "base of operations" of sorts. Although as Hunters, you tend to work independently, only using the Lodge for resources, resupplying and rest, as well as letting them know every so often you're not dead in the long periods of investigation and tracking in trying to find the lairs and dens of beasts, and trying to distinguish psychos and fools from men tainted by the demonic, or worse. 


However, it's the night of the Hunt, that beautiful night of the year where you wipe out the monsters that dwell in the shadows in one quick sweep, not even giving the bastards time to flee or figure out what's going on. And on the night of the Hunt, sometimes you need to work together. While maddened werewolves and loner vampires are easy prey with modern technology, hard-work, training and of course the element of surprise, when the creatures of darkness work together, so must you. When that happens, you plan and prepare in the lounge. 


You walk into the lodge, finding a large table with a map stretched across it. A half dozen men stand around it, all of whom you recognize as veteran Hunters. The leader of the group is the head of the Lodge, a man known as Ernest Collier. The old man's scarred, wrinkled face smiles at you as you enter. Ernest's too old at his age to still hunt, having since lost the physical peak that Hunters are required to be at, but his mind is strong and he's well experienced. Thus, he serves the cause through leading the lodge. Everything from supplying Hunters to recruiting to planning the larger hunts falls under his purview.


"William. How have your two hunts been?" he asks.


"Successfully," you say simply.


The next man is Father Féval, a tall, gaunt figure with spectacles dressed in black. His lips turn upwards in the barest facsimile of a smile as he looks at you. You know he's only trying to be polite, his professional, cold nature means he rarely takes joy, and lives of a live of abstinence and religious duty. You retreat to the car, calling into the Lodge. They report back that they've a spare Hunter to send out, one who is only acting on stand-by. Father Paul Féval. You know the man well, and have worked with him before. The man's a representative from the Vatican, a priest even, and as adamant in following the laws of the Bible as you are in never leaving the Lodge without a spare, but the man's a professional and an experienced Hunter. The man's permanent cold, professional demeanor means you'd be hesitant to call him a "friend", but you feel it'd be disrespectful to like anything. 


After him stands former-Unteroffizer Hans Hirsch. The tall man has dark black hair and light eyes, his face decorated with a long scar that goes vertically just left of his left eye. He leans over the table, scanning the map. His finger gently runs across hunting paths through the thick forest as he whispers to himself. Hans is a strange man, with a taste for drink, cigars, cigarettes, whores, gambling... anything he can get his hands on. But, he's a good hunter, having served in the military of his home country and having a great record on all his previous hunts.  


The final man is an Alaskan by the name of Russel Sloane. Time has taken the black from his thick beard and the hair from his head, but left the man's strength, speed and cunning, and only given him experience and wisdom for the trade. He's a powerful Hunter, and took the shift from bears and wolves to Kushtaka and Tupilaq with ease. He smiles at you grimly when you enter, his face showing a hint of more worry than usual.


"Are we ready to start?" you ask.


"We're waiting on someone," Russel says.


As you raise an eyebrow, the door swings open and you find yourself staring down at a young boy, barely in his mid teens. 


"This is my boy Wyatt. Now that's he's a full man, we'll be taking him on tonight's hunt, showing him how we fight. I filled him in on the details."


"Pleasure to meet y'all," he smiles nervously, as you look him up and down.


He's young, short, weak and skinny. You don't think he should be coming out, but he's a man more than you would normally have for this mission, and you're not going to be telling his father how to raise his own child. 


"Take a seat, Wyatt," Ernest smiles. "We're going to go over tonight's details."


Ernest takes a seat, as you stare down at the map ahead of you, which shows you a massive woods, with several hunting paths, potential lairs and scenes of incidents highlighted.


"Let's recap for those who didn't get to hear it directly from me!" Ernest says. "There's been several mauling's in these areas, and we've had reports a werewolf pack is responsible. Not just one werewolf, but an entire pack of about six to twelve creatures. We're taking a small team in their to set up an ambush, draw them out and kill them all. The plans' simple. Take a truck into the woods with a mutilated deer carcass, slathered in human blood. The scent should draw the werewolves into your area, where you'll have set up an overview to take them out. Simple."


You all nod, the review of your plan unnecessary for everyone but Wyatt.


"We're heading off in an hour and a half. I want all of you prepared and by the truck for then, understood?"


There's a chorus of affirmatives, as Ernest smiles. 


"Good to know. Best of luck, men."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The back door, you decide. You want to ensure you get the drop on the Thrall, and don't end up in a firefight with the man, or else the vampire will have time to awaken from his internal, dreamless slumber, and then you don't have a chance in hell. With that decided, you walk towards the house, shotgun gripped tightly in your hand. Surprisingly for a vampire's lair, your surveillance has said that the house is completely lacking in any serious security measures. Locked doors and windows, sure, but they're lacking the reinforced doors, security cameras. It's a young vampire, so you're not expecting legions of Thralls protecting him or runic blood magic protecting the house, but clearly the power's gone to this creature's head. 


Moving slowly and softly through the garden around to the back, you still your breathing and do your best to be as soundless as the shadows. You creep through the rose bushes, whose petals look almost eerily beautiful in the moonlight. The sky's light brightens your path, but also makes it harder to sneak, and you just stay low and hope that if the Thrall happens to be looking out the window, he isn't looking too hard. 


Edging around to the back, you draw close to the wooden door. You move to the door, standing ready, before striking. Taking a deep breath, you growl, ready to act. You raise your shotgun, firing through the door's lock as you boot it open, quickly stepping through the now opened doorway and into the house.


The Thrall stands in the kitchen, his back turned to you.The Thrall is a short, bearded man, growling and shaking his head repeatedly as he divides a pile of crushed and broken white crystals, no doubt a substitute between his feedings on the vampiric blood he's heavily addicted to. The man quickly turns, his crazed, blood-shot eyes bulging at you as he sees you. 


His eyes dart up to you as he growls, an animalistic sound that could only come from a beast. With a roar, he charges for you.
> You smash him aside with the butt of your shotgun
You swing your shotgun as hard as you can, the stock of your shotgun flying into his face. The shotgun butt smacks into his face, shattering the bridge of his nose and sending teeth and blood flying and spewing across the floor. 


The man stands there, with a broken nose and blood streaming down his face, skin torn and fleshed bruised, but still standing there. He roars, grabbing you and flinging you into the wall. You smack into the wall, sliding down it onto the ground as you groan in pain. The Thrall rushes forward, drawing a knife as he rams it into your stomach.


You gasp, as the steel pierces and cuts through flesh and guts, and the Thrall precedes to repeatedly and aggressively penetrate your stomach. Blood, stomach acid and the remains of food begin pouring out of your open wound and running down your stomach as death quickly drags you into the endless darkness.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up in your cabin in the woods. You sit up and scratch some fleas that have infested your body. You also realize its still daylight. You hate waking up early.

You lope into the bathroom and look in the mirror where you see a canine face covered in gray fur, you remember a time when your fur was completely brown.

“You’re getting old Wolf” you say to yourself like you always do while trying to look on the bright side that at least you don’t have the mange. You think you’d just put a silver bullet in your head if you ever started to go bald.

After eating some left over mutton in the fridge and some Gummy Blobs (for the sugar “pick me up”) you ponder how you’re going to pay this month’s rent on your cabin. You call your agent Erik and see if that little pissant has found any work for you. Hopefully it’s an actual job and not just a guest speaker spot at a comic convention.

“Erik! It’s me Wolf! Pick up the fucking phone! I know you’re there!” you say when you get the answering machine.

“Erik! Get on the phone NOW, or I’m gonna go over there and shove a pipe organ up your ass!”

That got his attention.

“Wolf, I’m sorry, but I fear I’m in a deep depression.”
“What else is new? Look I need some work, got anything? I don’t even care if it’s straight to video. I just need some of the green stuff!”
“Sadly, I don’t think I do, but then I haven’t really checked…I’m so depressed. I’ve been wondering if I made the right decisions in my life…and now it’s too late for me to do anything about it, because I’m old…”
“Join the fucking club Erik! Look do you…”
“But my art, my music, that is my love and its failing me again. My latest opera isn’t doing well. I wonder if I chose the wrong thing to love and pursue. Just like I did with Christine. Oh Christine WHY couldn’t you have loved me? I loved you…”

Wonderful, he’s in full blown tortured artist mode. He can go on like this forever. You can either give up, or persist in getting something out of him.
> You persist
“Oh boo fucking hoo, your latest Opera hasn’t been doing too well lately. At least people are paying to see the goddamn thing! As bad of a composer, and musician you are, you oughta be glad anyone’s even paying to see the goddamn thing! People don’t want to see anything with me in it! And at least you’ve got another job to fall back on LIKE BEING AN AGENT THAT’S SUPPOSED TO BE GETTING ME A FUCKING JOB!” you snarl.

There’s some dead air briefly and then Erik begins talking again.

“You’re right. I shouldn’t be complaining about my problems to you. You of course know all about torment. A war that wages within you, a beast that…”
“Erik I’ve got no time and I’m in no mood to hear how we’re supposed to be kindred spirits, you just better tell me you found something for me and it better not be another guest speaker spot at a comic convention!”
“Well let’s see…I dunno. Werewolves aren’t popular anymore you know…there might be something…here it is! It’s called Wolf Pack.”
“Pack? That implies more than one wolf on the set there Erik. Well I suppose I can share the spotlight with some others. As long as I’m in charge of course.” You say.
“Er…well according to this, you’d be the old cranky grandpa wolf that makes a bunch of rude remarks.”
“What?! What kind of stupid shit is that?”
“Yeah that’s the stuff.” Erik replies not catching on.
“I mean what the hell kind of movie is this?”
“Its uh…let’s see…oh here. It’s a horror comedy about a werewolf family and how they
adjust to human society. Looks like you’ll be playing with a lot of young pups as you’d call them.”
“WHAT?! NO! What the fuck Erik? I’m a fucking monster not something to be fucking laughed at! And they already did a movie like that a long time ago and it sucked!”
“Well that’s all I got. Maybe you could talk to the director to make changes since they also wrote it. I’m sure you and her are familiar with each other. You had an affair with her for quite some time.”
“Uh, you wanna narrow that list down Erik?”
“It’s Mary. You know, the one who used to be married to Frankie, until your affair broke up both of your marriages?”

Erik’s new information didn’t exactly make you any more enthusiastic to want to take the job.
> You take the job anyway
“Alright I’ll take the job, just tell me where its at.” You say.

After Erik gives you the information, you ride your Harley to the studio.

When you arrive on the set, you see a bunch of snot nosed wolflings hanging around trying to look “tough”. Some of them are in human form, but you can smell them for who they truly are though. These cubs today, you swear they would’ve never lasted back in the old days. All flash and nothing to back it up. (Though you don’t mind looking at the young females that are there) That’s why they hang out in packs. You never did that even when you were young. You were always a lone wolf.

“Hey who’s the fossil?” one of them asks.
“Hey Grandpa, the remake of Old Yellow is next door!”

This causes a howl of laughter from all of them, until you confront the one who said it. Probably the leader no doubt. Not even in wolf form. Pathetic.

“I’m going to give you time to transform into a more adequate fighting form before I neuter you.” You calmly explain.
“You? You’re like 300 years old! I could take…”

Can’t say you didn’t give him a chance.

You immediately pounce on him, knocking him down while clamping your jaws on his face and digging your fangs in.

“HOLY SHIT DUDE!” one of them shouts.
“Oh my god he’s killing him!” a female screams.
“Get him off of him, get him off of him!”

While them all attempt to pull you off of their leader you hear a familiar voice that gets your attention.

“Well, I see Erik passed my script over to you, good. I’m also glad to see you’re still as anti-social as usual Wolf.” Mary says as you finally get off of your misguided heckler and approach her. She still looks the same, though she looks a lot better now that she got rid of that hair style she used to have and dyed it blonde.
“Just re-establishing the proper hierarchy, nothing more.”
“Hmm, always the Alpha Male, that was what I always loved about you. So primal. Maybe later I can dress in a little red cloak and we can reenact a fairy tale.”
“Some fairy tale, as I remember you loved a lot of beings.”
“Hey I can’t help who I am. I was created this way.”
“Just like Frankie eh?”
“Don’t you compare me to that sicko! Yes we are controlled by our genetics to a certain degree, but as you damn well know I rose above them! I made my own identity. I’m a successful director and writer now, so what if I have a healthy sexual appetite? There’s nothing wrong with that, I’m sure you’d agree given all the beings you had your way with before, after and DURING your marriage!”
“Look never mind all that. I got a real problem with this film.” You say side stepping her correct accusation.
“What’s wrong with it?”
“What’s wrong with it? Are you kidding me? It sucks! It makes a mockery of werewolves! You even named one of them fucking Benji!”
“Well comedy is popular now. Plus children like monsters just as long as they aren’t too scary, so I was hoping to make it a family film.”
“ARRGH! I don’t DO family films! This is insulting and demeaning!”
“How? Come on Wolf. In most horror movies you’ve made you always got killed in the end by a human, how was that any less demeaning?”
“Because at least I was portrayed as feared monster that killed a bunch of people! I can play ball with the humans and their idealistic notion of good always having to overcome evil and all that…but THIS! This makes me into a fucking joke! I can’t even believe you of all people wrote this…no wait I can. You fucking undead don’t have any consideration for anyone, but yourselves.”
“You know I’m technically not even undead, I’m created from several dead bodies. I’m more of a golem.” Mary attempts to correct you.
“Who gives a shit, you’re still basically a walking corpse, and your flesh is dead. You’re Undead in my book.”
“You know for someone who hasn’t been able to find a job in months and is basically just rotting away in his little cabin, you’d think that you’d be a little more appreciative. I wrote this with you in mind you hairy bigoted asshole!”

You don’t know whether to take that as an insult or as an attempt for her to try to make amends for the past.
> You take it as an insult
“So you had me in mind eh? Well that proves it. You think I’m a joke because that’s how you wrote the character.”
“What? No! I just…”
“I see your time with that bloodsucker was well spent. Learning how to exploit and leech right? Look maybe you can pull this shit with those puppies over there, but I ain’t fucking one! I don’t need the money that badly. I’ll go fucking live my twilight years in the forest and DIE there as nature probably intended. I don’t need this shit.”

As you turn to leave, Mary shouts at you.

“Yeah, that’s right go on leave Mr. Lone Wolf! You’ll fucking die alone, you stubborn bastard! I tried to help you! Erik tried to help you and you don’t appreciate any of it! That’s why none of your children speak to you and…”

You run back over to her and slam her into the wall. You stare at her face to face as she struggles to get free. She’s strong, but you manage to keep her pinned. She really pissed you off and you were already pissed off to begin with.

“Fuck you, and fuck Erik! You two don’t know shit about me, never did. I’m through with the pair of you! In fact I think I’ll be taking something with me since you’re so worried about me being alone…”

You release Mary and go over to the wolflings who look a little worried that you’re going to cause harm to them. Many of them cast their eyes downward.

“Hey, you want to be REALLY tough? You want to really raise some hell? Come with me. If you want to stay under the thumb of this patchwork dead bitch and be exploited and mocked, stay here.

Your statement alone convinces all of them. They all follow you, even the one you made an example of. Mary attempts to call everyone back, but it’s useless, you’ve taken control of the pack and they’ll do what you want now.

And right now you want to get into a fight. You think about all the people and creatures that wronged you in some way and only two of them keep coming to mind consistently.

One is that fucking Dr. Victor Frankenstein. If it wasn’t for him, Frankie and Mary wouldn’t have been created in the first place which also means you wouldn’t have gotten yourself into trouble all those years ago. You wouldn’t have had to put up with his “children” taking jobs away from you. Not to mention he sued you once.

But the one who you REALLY despise, is that bisexual bloodsucker. Fucking Dracula or Vlad, or whatever the hell he’s calling himself these days. The disgust you have for him and the reasons are too numerous to list here.
> You go kick Victor's ass
Your recent dealings with Mary, have made you think about all the shit you’ve had to put up with from that no talent dickhead. No human has ever given you such trouble. You know he’s still alive. (Mad scientists always find ways of prolonging their lives somehow) That won’t be true for long though, if you get your way. You killed him once before. This time you’re going to make sure he stays that way.

He’s probably got whatever crappy inventions and experiments protecting his castle and from what you know, Frankie’s still living with his “Dad” as well.

You don’t give a fuck, you’ll kill him too. You figure you’ll be doing the world a favor as well as getting some satisfaction. Besides, you’ve got to show these wolflings what being a werewolf is all about.

“All right you cubs! We’re going to go raise some fucking hell. We’re going to Frankenstein’s Castle. We’re going to rip the place apart brick by brick, and I’M going to rip Victor apart limb from limb.”
“Erm…Castle Frankenstien? Isn’t that where Frankie lives?” one of the wolflings asks.
“I heard he’s really powerful, didn’t he fight Dracula and win?”
‘I dunno if we should mess with him.”

You can’t believe your ears! These snot nosed pups know nothing of their heritage! Back in the old days they would’ve been killed and eaten for such cowardice!

“Goddammit are you Wolves or fucking Chihuahuas? Frankie’s a fucking pussy! I personally kicked his ass before and I’ll do it again all by myself if I have too! Now are you going to run with me and be a fucking Wolf or are you going to go back home with your tails tucked between your legs?”

After looking at each other for awhile they all agree to go with you.

“Good! Now I want all of you to transform into your wolf form too! I’m traveling with fellow wolves not humans!”

Just before one of the females begins to transform, you stop her. She’s dressed in a short leather skirt and a tight white t-shirt that’s tied in the center and has long flowing brown hair. You can smell that she’s in heat. You hate to coin a pun, but she literally is one hot l’il bitch.

“Erm, not you. You stay in your human form; I kind of like the whole teenage slut look you got going on. In fact you come here right now; you’ll be traveling on my bike with me.” You say.

As she slides in behind you and holds on, you ask her one more question.

“So what’s your name?”
“Ginger. What’s your name, you never did tell us.”
“Wolf. Just Wolf baby. Remember it. You’ll be screaming it later.”

Damn you’re so fucking cool, you think as you start up your Harley and ride ahead of the pack.

(You’d probably be even cooler if these pups weren’t all riding those Japanese “crotch rocket” bikes, but that’ll have to be another lesson for another day)

After a couple of days of riding, and a few “pit stops” with Ginger, you all eventually reach Castle Frankenstein. You park your bikes at the gate, and size the place up, which now looks a lot different. It looks like a damn Nazi fortress now, there’s guard towers and everything. It seems Victor has been keeping himself very busy in recent years.

As it begins to rain, a familiar voice calls to you from one of the towers.

“Its you. Vic always knew you’d return one day. I never believed him though. I guess I owe him fifty bucks.”

You look up and see Igor, he looks different too. He has a lot of clumsy cybernetic implants, one of them being some sort of gun in place of an arm. More of Vic’s “handy work” no doubt. He’s still got that damn hump on his back though.

“Igor? You still alive? I thought your ungrateful master would’ve just let you die of old age and get himself another assistant. I see he did a real good job of improving you though. Tell me, how’s it feel to be the real brains, never getting the credit and continuing to be a doormat?”
“I’m happy with my lot in life. How’s it feel to be broke ass overgrown dog who’s trying to relive his lost youth?” Igor retorts back.
“Don’t know yet. I’ll tell you before I shove that metal arm up your ass.”

Well looks like the fight’s starting here.
> You attempt to climb over the gate before Igor can get off a shot
In your prime you would’ve been able to scale the gate, climb the tower and rip Igor’s head off all without getting hit.

Unfortunately you aren’t in your prime anymore. Igor’s having trouble aiming his awkward arm-gun, but with as many bullets as it pumps out he doesn’t need to be completely accurate. While you’re attempting to climb over the gate he hits you several times.

Naturally those bullets are silver.

You crash to the wet ground with a loud CLANK! sound, as the rest of the pack go running away with their tails between their legs.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your recent dealings with Mary, have made you think about all the shit you’ve had to put up with from that no talent dickhead. No human has ever given you such trouble. You know he’s still alive. (Mad scientists always find ways of prolonging their lives somehow) That won’t be true for long though, if you get your way. You killed him once before. This time you’re going to make sure he stays that way.

He’s probably got whatever crappy inventions and experiments protecting his castle and from what you know, Frankie’s still living with his “Dad” as well.

You don’t give a fuck, you’ll kill him too. You figure you’ll be doing the world a favor as well as getting some satisfaction. Besides, you’ve got to show these wolflings what being a werewolf is all about.

“All right you cubs! We’re going to go raise some fucking hell. We’re going to Frankenstein’s Castle. We’re going to rip the place apart brick by brick, and I’M going to rip Victor apart limb from limb.”
“Erm…Castle Frankenstien? Isn’t that where Frankie lives?” one of the wolflings asks.
“I heard he’s really powerful, didn’t he fight Dracula and win?”
‘I dunno if we should mess with him.”

You can’t believe your ears! These snot nosed pups know nothing of their heritage! Back in the old days they would’ve been killed and eaten for such cowardice!

“Goddammit are you Wolves or fucking Chihuahuas? Frankie’s a fucking pussy! I personally kicked his ass before and I’ll do it again all by myself if I have too! Now are you going to run with me and be a fucking Wolf or are you going to go back home with your tails tucked between your legs?”

After looking at each other for awhile they all agree to go with you.

“Good! Now I want all of you to transform into your wolf form too! I’m traveling with fellow wolves not humans!”

Just before one of the females begins to transform, you stop her. She’s dressed in a short leather skirt and a tight white t-shirt that’s tied in the center and has long flowing brown hair. You can smell that she’s in heat. You hate to coin a pun, but she literally is one hot l’il bitch.

“Erm, not you. You stay in your human form; I kind of like the whole teenage slut look you got going on. In fact you come here right now; you’ll be traveling on my bike with me.” You say.

As she slides in behind you and holds on, you ask her one more question.

“So what’s your name?”
“Ginger. What’s your name, you never did tell us.”
“Wolf. Just Wolf baby. Remember it. You’ll be screaming it later.”

Damn you’re so fucking cool, you think as you start up your Harley and ride ahead of the pack.

(You’d probably be even cooler if these pups weren’t all riding those Japanese “crotch rocket” bikes, but that’ll have to be another lesson for another day)

After a couple of days of riding, and a few “pit stops” with Ginger, you all eventually reach Castle Frankenstein. You park your bikes at the gate, and size the place up, which now looks a lot different. It looks like a damn Nazi fortress now, there’s guard towers and everything. It seems Victor has been keeping himself very busy in recent years.

As it begins to rain, a familiar voice calls to you from one of the towers.

“Its you. Vic always knew you’d return one day. I never believed him though. I guess I owe him fifty bucks.”

You look up and see Igor, he looks different too. He has a lot of clumsy cybernetic implants, one of them being some sort of gun in place of an arm. More of Vic’s “handy work” no doubt. He’s still got that damn hump on his back though.

“Igor? You still alive? I thought your ungrateful master would’ve just let you die of old age and get himself another assistant. I see he did a real good job of improving you though. Tell me, how’s it feel to be the real brains, never getting the credit and continuing to be a doormat?”
“I’m happy with my lot in life. How’s it feel to be broke ass overgrown dog who’s trying to relive his lost youth?” Igor retorts back.
“Don’t know yet. I’ll tell you before I shove that metal arm up your ass.”

Well looks like the fight’s starting here.
> You duck for cover!
You tell everyone to get the hell out of Igor’s range and take cover. Fortunately Igor’s gun-arm isn’t the best design and he’s having problems aiming and standing still due to the recoil, so you all manage to hide behind some nearby rocks

Still, there’s no way you’re going to be able to scale the front gate with Igor on that damn tower.

“See I knew this was a bad idea!” one of the wolflings says.
“How are we supposed to get past that? I’m pretty sure he’s firing silver bullets at us.”
“Oh I KNOW he is. Hence the reason why I told everyone to get out of the way. Okay so we’re not going through the front gate, the castle’s a big place right? Igor’s only guarding the front. I say we split up and scale the walls on the sides and around the back. We’ll meet up inside the castle.”
“Yeah, but won’t there be other defenses?”
“Probably. So you better be fucking prepared! This ain’t no damn game. You cubs think you’re really tough when in fact you’ve probably never had a real challenge. This is it. Don’t think about backing out now. This is where we truly test the idea of survival of the fittest. Damn, my blood is starting to feel that rush! Don’t you all feel it? I haven’t felt this way since they sent a group of ten “werewolf assassins” to put me down. Shit. They never tried that again! Ha ha ha ha ha!”

While you’re reveling in gruesome nostalgia, your pack is looking at you like you’ve completely lost it. And they’re probably right. However, your speech seems to have stirred something in them.

“The crazy old fossil’s right! I remember having to hear about similar stuff my grandfather used to talk about all the damn time. I never really paid any attention to it before. Now I think I understand. We need to prove our skills to truly be proud to call ourselves werewolves!” one of them states.
“Now that’s the attitude I’m talking about!”

You all huddle in the rain and make a howling noise in unison to the moon and proceed with your plan. You all split up into a couple of groups and begin to scale the side and back walls, which really isn’t all that difficult. You know Igor’s probably ran off to warn Vic though. All you can think is, he better have something better than just Igor and Frankie defending him.

As you prowl around in the courtyard, you hear moaning and the clomping of several footsteps. You and your group turn to see some of Vic’s defenses.

“Zombies? Are you fucking kidding me Vic? I thought you’d at least have some robots or something!” you say to yourself. Though upon a second look, you see that the horde of corpses aren’t actually zombies. Zombies are complete corpses brought back to life. These things look more like Frankie, except designed even worse. A lot of them have arms and legs in odd places. Some have a couple of heads or extra limbs. Most aren’t even stitched together neatly, there are just giant rivets and spikes sticking out, holding them together. These are probably some of his “failed” experiments.

Doesn’t matter, they’re close enough to be Undead for you.
> You fight them
Damn straight! That’s what you’re here for!

You take out the nearest pile of shit with ease and your pack follows suit. They’re a little tougher than you thought, but limbs are flying everywhere. Needless to say you’re really enjoying yourself, and you can see your pack is too. (Well the ones that haven’t gotten themselves killed)

You attack one large experiment with four arms, it catches a few heavy hits on you, before you rip them off. It’s relentless and begins smashing its head (Which contains a lot of jagged metal bits) into you, knocking you down. As you shake it off, Ginger (Who’s now in wolf form) and a couple of other wolflings comes to your aid and finish off the large abomination.

“Godammit! I had that! Don’t EVER come to help me! I can handle myself!” you snarl angrily.
“We were just helping…” Ginger says casting her eyes downward and lowering her ears.

“…yeah…well…just don’t let it happen again…” you say understanding they weren’t really trying to embarrass you. “Come on, we’re done here, let’s get in the castle.”

You meet up with the ones remaining in your pack at the front door of the castle. You put all your muscle into it and rip the doors of their hinges. When you step inside, you narrowly dodge a laser beam of some sort.

“He’s got the whole place trapped, be careful where you…”

A wolfling steps on some floor stone that releases yet another beam trap, reducing him to ashes.

“Step.” You say completing the sentence. That’s when you hear a loud speaker.

“Wolf! Igor informed me you had arrived with some friends! I’m actually glad you’re here I get to test out my new experiment on you! Assuming you survive long enough to get to me of course!”

At this point he does his typical Mad Scientist laugh. If he thinks you’re going to waste your time in his castle of death traps he’s sadly mistaken. He seems to have forgotten you have an excellent sense of smell and tracking in general.

Of course the smell of dead bodies seems to be emanating everywhere. You try to sniff out a human scent, but you aren’t getting anything solid. The dead body smell is too overpowering. You’re catching a couple of different ones though. One of them is a very faint sweet smell. The other is a burning type smell.
> You follow the burning smell
Knowing that Vic works with electricity a lot, you figure he’s in that direction. You and the wolflings that are still with you follow, carefully avoiding traps. You travel further to higher levels of the castle where the burning smell is getting stronger. You KNOW you’re getting closer to him. You can feel it. You just hope his “experiment” is as great as he claims. It would suck if there wasn’t a real battle to fight after all this.

You burst into the room with strong burning smell and see big globes of energy, conduits, generators and a big ass corpse with cybernetic implants lying on the table. It’s Frankie with some modifications and absorbing more electricity than lightning rod.

You half expect to see Victor somewhere, but all you hear is the loudspeaker disturbing your ears again.

“You see Wolf! You see! While you’ve been wasting away in that shitty cabin, I’ve been preparing for my son’s come back! You stole his woman! You ended his career! You didn’t just damage him physically, you damaged his mind! Scarred him emotionally! It’s taken me YEARS to undo the damage!”
“Damaged his mind? He was a psychopathic serial pedophile made of corpses! What the fuck kind of damage could I have done? And Mary never liked him anyway!”
“She could’ve learned! He could’ve too! They just needed more time! But YOU! You prevented all that! You and your dog dick!”
“For fuck’s sake, I wasn’t the only one fucking her!”
“Yes, but you’re the one who did it the longest and destroyed my poor boy’s career! You’re going to pay! Ha ha ha ha! He’s up! HE’S ALIVE! HE’S ALIVE! HE’S ALIVE! Frankie look who we have here! And old friend, why don’t you go and give him a big hug?”

Victor goes into his mad scientist laugh yet again, as Frankie “2.0” gets up from the table. He opens his eyes and looks directly at you.

“FRANKIE BEAT YOUR HEAD IN NOW.” He says with a booming voice.

Still as verbal and articulate as ever.
> You have the pack surround Frankie
You order everyone to surround Frankie to try to keep him off guard. Frankie watches as the wolfling encircle him, but he’s still slowly moving towards you.

He charges! A couple of the wolfling dive for his legs in an effort to stop him, but he’s like a juggernaut and keeps charging. Fortunately you’re still nimble and get out of his way as he smashes through the wall. The wolflings that dived for his legs, follow up and begin attack him with tooth and claw. It’s not having that great of an effect though, he’s got metal plating on that dead flesh now. Frankie kills the pair of them by smashing their heads together until there is nothing left except mush.

“Everyone grab a weapon! Don’t fight him head on!” you bark at the survivors while attempting to find something. You find a large metal pole, though you’re reluctant to take it, with all the electricity in the damn room.

“It’s useless! You’ll never defeat my boy Frankie!” Victor says.

Frankie begins to approach you again.
> You throw the pole at him
Just as Frankie charges you again, you throw the pole as hard as you can at him like a spear. Bullseye! Literally. The pole slams into his left eye and straight through his head. It still doesn’t slow him down though and you just barely get out his way.

Frankie stops his attack for a moment and attempts to remove the pole, but you and another wolfling don’t miss the opportunity. The pole is quite long and you grab it from the front, while the other grabs it from the back and you both run clockwise around Frankie. All the titanium plating in the world isn’t going to protect him from massive head trauma.

“RARRRRGH! BRAIN!” Frankie yells as half of his head comes apart. As he attempts to keep his brains from falling out, and that’s when the rest of the pack begins to beat his head in even more with various blunt objects. He’s still putting up a fight though.

“NO! STOP! FRANKIE! MY SON!” you hear Victor scream over the loudspeaker.

Victor’s voice sounds like its very close. You see another door in the lab, and you’ve got a really good feeling that he’s behind it.

You leave the wolflings to finish off Frankie, and run to open the door.

And there he is, Victor Frankenstein…

Or what’s left of him at least, he’s just a brain in a jar, hooked up to various machines now.

“Wow, Vic. I always knew you were a terrible mad scientist, but I would’ve thought you’d be able to at least create a robot body for yourself, or a youth elixir or something!”
“Shut up Wolf! You haven’t won! I’ve still got…”
“What? What’ve you got? Nothing! Unless you’re a giant space brain from Venus or some shit, you can’t do anything to me. And you ain’t, so…”
”Wait! Wolf! Can’t we talk about this?”
“Oh like you wanted to talk to me, when you fed me drugged meat?”
“Oh yeah…you’re not still mad about that are you? I mean you did kill me for it…”
”Yeah, and I should’ve stuck around to make sure you stayed dead. Well no mistakes this time.”

You take Victor’s brain out of the jar.

“NOOOOOOOO……” are the last words to come out of the loud speakers before you step back into the lab where Frankie is flailing wildly at the wolflings who are carefully standing out of harms way as they continue to make quick strikes as him. He’s badly damaged and blind. Not deaf though. You call over to Frankie who turns around when he recognizes your voice.

“Hey Frankie, your Dad wants to talk to you, he’s got a lot on his mind.” You say and then throw Victor’s brain into what remains of Frankie’s face. The brain splatters into bloody pieces, while you follow up with a quick and vicious attack.

You sink your fangs deep into Frankie’s shoulder until it hits the bone, where upon you rip off the arm at the socket. The rest of the pack follows your lead and help you rip Frankie apart, until he’s reduced to the pieces that made him up in the first place.

“Damn, I think I broke a tooth on that fucking metal plating.” You say breathing heavily.
“We won Wolf! You were right! This was fun! I felt the primal instinct and everything!” one of the wolflings exclaims.
“Yeah and right now all of you are going to be feeling silver burning through your bodies.” Igor says standing in the lab door exit, pointing that infernal arm weapon at you all.
> You rush him
You take one look at your pack and nod at them. You all make a howl in unison. Igor realizes he’s in deep shit.

“No wait you dumb ass dogs! I got a fucking weapon here! Stop!”

You all charge at him and Igor opens fire, he can’t stop you all before you overwhelm him. Unfortunately he does get some… including you. You eviscerate Igor as the silver begins to take its toll on your system. He dies coughing up blood, apologizing for not being able to defend Victor in his death throws.

“I’m sorry Victor…I’m sorry my brother…gurgle…”

The rest of the pack attempts to carry you out, but you refuse their help and stagger to the outside of the castle where you finally collapse on the ground. It seems so comfortable you figure you’ll just rest for awhile. You’re not surprised to see Mary standing over you.

“I take it you killed my whole family.” She says unemotionally.
“Yeah, even Igor. Never knew he was Vic’s brother. That explains a lot.”
“Why? Why’d you do it? What was the point?! You could’ve just done my movie and still been alive! Or even if you didn’t want anything to do with me, you could’ve just went back to your cabin instead! You could’ve been alive!”
“You’ll never understand Mary. You don’t get old. I did and I wasn’t meant to. I outlived my place in this world. No point in going on. Just had to get in one last monster fight and damn it felt good.”
Mary shakes her head, you think she might even shed a tear if she was capable.
“Go on now Mary, there’s nothing for you here. Don’t morn your family. You were always better than the rest of them anyway. Don’t morn me either, I don’t want it. Go. The pack is coming.”

Mary gives you one last look and runs off before the rest of the pack arrives. When they do they begin howling loudly.

“Goddammit shut the fuck up! I’m trying to die with a little peace and quiet here!” you snarl.
“You have to lead us! You can’t die!” one wolfling says
“The hell I can’t! Look I showed you what it means to truly be a Wolf tonight. It’s up to you to do something with it.”

Ginger kneels down and tries to sit you up hoping that you’re not really dying. She’s very upset.

“You can’t die! I want you with me…I…”
“Stop Ginger. Don’t say it. Don’t give yourself anymore unnecessary pain, especially when I don’t deserve it. It’s just as well as I die now, I probably would’ve only broken your heart later. Just remember me how I was in the short time you knew me and every time you look at your litter.”

You touch her stomach.

“How do you know? I mean it’s too early, we can’t be sure if…” Ginger exclaims.
“Please. I’m the Alpha Wolf. I never fucking miss. I got kids everywhere. None of them ever listened to me or talk to me, but I got ‘em.”
“What do you want me to tell our litter about you?”
“Whatever you want, you’ll be the one raising them and I’ll be too dead to do anything about it… just teach them what I taught all of you here tonight…hopefully they’ll listen. Damn willful pups…mmm…getting sleepy…one more thing…”
“What’s that Wolf?”
“Burn my damn body, I don’t want some fucker trying to bring me back to life! I hate the Undead!”

You close your eyes and feel the darkness envelop you.

After a brief period of howling, the remaining pack members take your body and burn it just like you asked, then they all part ways, each to pursue their own destinies in their own way just like you did. A few months later, Ginger does indeed give birth to a new litter and teaches them about you and how you lived. (This is tempered by some common sense on her part though).

At last, a legacy worthy of an Alpha Wolf.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Just as Frankie charges you again, you throw the pole as hard as you can at him like a spear. Bullseye! Literally. The pole slams into his left eye and straight through his head. It still doesn’t slow him down though and you just barely get out his way.

Frankie stops his attack for a moment and attempts to remove the pole, but you and another wolfling don’t miss the opportunity. The pole is quite long and you grab it from the front, while the other grabs it from the back and you both run clockwise around Frankie. All the titanium plating in the world isn’t going to protect him from massive head trauma.

“RARRRRGH! BRAIN!” Frankie yells as half of his head comes apart. As he attempts to keep his brains from falling out, and that’s when the rest of the pack begins to beat his head in even more with various blunt objects. He’s still putting up a fight though.

“NO! STOP! FRANKIE! MY SON!” you hear Victor scream over the loudspeaker.

Victor’s voice sounds like its very close. You see another door in the lab, and you’ve got a really good feeling that he’s behind it.

You leave the wolflings to finish off Frankie, and run to open the door.

And there he is, Victor Frankenstein…

Or what’s left of him at least, he’s just a brain in a jar, hooked up to various machines now.

“Wow, Vic. I always knew you were a terrible mad scientist, but I would’ve thought you’d be able to at least create a robot body for yourself, or a youth elixir or something!”
“Shut up Wolf! You haven’t won! I’ve still got…”
“What? What’ve you got? Nothing! Unless you’re a giant space brain from Venus or some shit, you can’t do anything to me. And you ain’t, so…”
”Wait! Wolf! Can’t we talk about this?”
“Oh like you wanted to talk to me, when you fed me drugged meat?”
“Oh yeah…you’re not still mad about that are you? I mean you did kill me for it…”
”Yeah, and I should’ve stuck around to make sure you stayed dead. Well no mistakes this time.”

You take Victor’s brain out of the jar.

“NOOOOOOOO……” are the last words to come out of the loud speakers before you step back into the lab where Frankie is flailing wildly at the wolflings who are carefully standing out of harms way as they continue to make quick strikes as him. He’s badly damaged and blind. Not deaf though. You call over to Frankie who turns around when he recognizes your voice.

“Hey Frankie, your Dad wants to talk to you, he’s got a lot on his mind.” You say and then throw Victor’s brain into what remains of Frankie’s face. The brain splatters into bloody pieces, while you follow up with a quick and vicious attack.

You sink your fangs deep into Frankie’s shoulder until it hits the bone, where upon you rip off the arm at the socket. The rest of the pack follows your lead and help you rip Frankie apart, until he’s reduced to the pieces that made him up in the first place.

“Damn, I think I broke a tooth on that fucking metal plating.” You say breathing heavily.
“We won Wolf! You were right! This was fun! I felt the primal instinct and everything!” one of the wolflings exclaims.
“Yeah and right now all of you are going to be feeling silver burning through your bodies.” Igor says standing in the lab door exit, pointing that infernal arm weapon at you all.
> You stall for time
You briefly entertain the idea of rushing Igor, he wouldn’t be able to get all of you, but you’re not ready to risk death at the hands of some deformed assistant after you already killed Victor and Frankie. You need to buy some time.

“Alright Igor, just calm down. It’s over Vic and Frankie are dead. You don’t have to get pushed around by either one anymore and you got this whole castle as inheritance! I just did you a favor.”
“A favor? A favor? You killed my younger brother you ASSHOLE!”

You quickly put two and two together.

“Vic? Victor was your brother? Your younger brother?”
“He damn well better have been, after all the abuse I took from him! You know what it’s like being abused by your younger brother on a daily basis for YEARS?”
“Not really, I killed all my brothers soon after we were born. I wasn’t sharing. Survival of the fittest and all.” You say dryly.
“Really? Well I envy you. I wish I had that option. But nooo. Mom liked Vic best. Vic was handsome. Vic wasn’t deformed, Vic this. Vic that! Look after Vic, Igor. Make sure he doesn’t get into trouble Igor. He’s your younger brother and you have to protect him Igor. I was the first born! Why didn’t Igor get any love?! I was the smart one!”
“Yes you were. I mean if it hadn’t been for you Vic wouldn’t have even created Frankie.” You say.
“Damn straight! I was the one who kept his ass alive! I’m the one that corrected all his idiot ideas when it came to updating Frankie! I’m not stupid like everyone says! I’m smart! And I demand respect! And I never fucking got it! I just got a fucking whip to the hump!”

At this point Igor is ranting so much about hating his brother and his self-pity, he’s not aiming his weapon at you any longer. You take advantage of the situation and rush at him, he’s not quick enough to react and you knock him to the ground before eviscerating him. Oddly after all that ranting, he dies gurgling an apology.

“I’m sorry Vic…I tried…gurgle…”

You shake your head at Igor’s misguided loyalty, while the Pack surrounds you.

“We won! You rule Wolf! What now?” one of them asks.
“Dunno, didn’t expect to survive really…so did you get all this on camera Mary?” you ask out loud, startling the wolflings.

Mary comes out of hiding, with a camcorder.

“How did you know I was here?” she asks
“Please, I don’t forget a scent, especially one that I know quite intimately. So let me guess. You’re going to exploit this footage for financial gain right?”
“Well yeah. When you left the studio I followed you a bit and found out you were heading here. At first I wanted to protect and help my family so I got here before you.”
“What changed your mind?”
“I realized what a bunch of miscreants and fuck ups they all were! What was I supposed to do? Be like Igor and stay loyal to a bunch of reprobates that wouldn’t appreciate it anyway? It’s not like they’re REALLY my family. So I just decided to film the epic battle since you ruined my original movie by taking this lot with you.”
“I take it you didn’t care who won though.”
“Not really, but if it makes you feel warm and squishy inside I suppose I was rooting for you more. You were the underdog after all…hey! That’s a great title for the movie!” Mary exclaims.

The Wolflings get a little restless about all this.
“Hey shouldn’t we do something, I mean she’s part of this fucked up family, and she’s trying to exploit us!”
“Ah see now this is another lesson I can teach you guys. You don’t need to be an asshole all the time, especially when there’s some benefit for not doing so. A lesson I probably should’ve obeyed more when I was your age. Mary’s little movie is made purely for exploitation, but its GOOD exploitation. It’ll show everyone who we are and that we’re NOT to be fucked with! This isn’t some shitty family movie. This is raw footage of werewolves doing what they do best, kicking ass! We couldn’t ask for better publicity. AND I assume we’ll be getting some money for this right Mary?”

Mary looks a little reluctant, but she realizes she has to give you something.
“Right Wolf.”
“That’s what I thought. Now the battle is good and all, but you’ll need to pad it out more, I say you start doing interviews with us. We can make this into a documentary! If you need more footage, we can always go bust up a bar…”

And so it happens, Mary releases “Underdogs: The Inner Mind of the Wolf” in a bunch of pansy art theatres at first where it’s critically acclaimed. Later it gets released it regular theatres where most people like it mainly due to the brutal violence and your “colorful” interviews. You even win an award.

The movie makes Werewolves “cool” again and you’re never out of work anymore, which is a good thing since Ginger gave birth to a litter of cubs which YOU have to pay to support! You come home every day to the little nippers biting your ankles for your attention.

Still, life is good and you once again have achieved the fame and fear you deserve.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You order everyone to surround Frankie to try to keep him off guard. Frankie watches as the wolfling encircle him, but he’s still slowly moving towards you.

He charges! A couple of the wolfling dive for his legs in an effort to stop him, but he’s like a juggernaut and keeps charging. Fortunately you’re still nimble and get out of his way as he smashes through the wall. The wolflings that dived for his legs, follow up and begin attack him with tooth and claw. It’s not having that great of an effect though, he’s got metal plating on that dead flesh now. Frankie kills the pair of them by smashing their heads together until there is nothing left except mush.

“Everyone grab a weapon! Don’t fight him head on!” you bark at the survivors while attempting to find something. You find a large metal pole, though you’re reluctant to take it, with all the electricity in the damn room.

“It’s useless! You’ll never defeat my boy Frankie!” Victor says.

Frankie begins to approach you again.
> You stand firm and wait for him to charge
You hold the pole like a medieval pike waiting to skewer Frankie when he comes charging at you. It’s like throwing rocks at a tank.

The pole certainly impales Frankie, but it barely slows him down, he continues his rush even as the pole breaks off into him and he slams his heavy body into you hard. You go flying into the wall and collapse on to the floor. Frankie follows up with stomping your head into mush. Werewolves do have regenerative powers, but you won’t be regenerating this severe damage since your brains have leaked out of your head.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Knowing that Vic works with electricity a lot, you figure he’s in that direction. You and the wolflings that are still with you follow, carefully avoiding traps. You travel further to higher levels of the castle where the burning smell is getting stronger. You KNOW you’re getting closer to him. You can feel it. You just hope his “experiment” is as great as he claims. It would suck if there wasn’t a real battle to fight after all this.

You burst into the room with strong burning smell and see big globes of energy, conduits, generators and a big ass corpse with cybernetic implants lying on the table. It’s Frankie with some modifications and absorbing more electricity than lightning rod.

You half expect to see Victor somewhere, but all you hear is the loudspeaker disturbing your ears again.

“You see Wolf! You see! While you’ve been wasting away in that shitty cabin, I’ve been preparing for my son’s come back! You stole his woman! You ended his career! You didn’t just damage him physically, you damaged his mind! Scarred him emotionally! It’s taken me YEARS to undo the damage!”
“Damaged his mind? He was a psychopathic serial pedophile made of corpses! What the fuck kind of damage could I have done? And Mary never liked him anyway!”
“She could’ve learned! He could’ve too! They just needed more time! But YOU! You prevented all that! You and your dog dick!”
“For fuck’s sake, I wasn’t the only one fucking her!”
“Yes, but you’re the one who did it the longest and destroyed my poor boy’s career! You’re going to pay! Ha ha ha ha! He’s up! HE’S ALIVE! HE’S ALIVE! HE’S ALIVE! Frankie look who we have here! And old friend, why don’t you go and give him a big hug?”

Victor goes into his mad scientist laugh yet again, as Frankie “2.0” gets up from the table. He opens his eyes and looks directly at you.

“FRANKIE BEAT YOUR HEAD IN NOW.” He says with a booming voice.

Still as verbal and articulate as ever.
> You fight him head on
Um…no.

Even in your prime you would’ve had problems taking on Frankie in his current updated state. At your age it’s just unthinkable.

You attempt to bite his neck in an effort to tear his head off, but he crushes his strong metallic arms around you squeezing with all his might. Your pack attempts to help, but Frankie is too focused on his revenge. Even when you tear out his eyes, he continues to squash your internal organs until he finally breaks your back and throws you blindly into one of those electric generators.

Your limp corpse fries for a little while, but unlike Frankie, it doesn’t bring you back to life.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Damn straight! That’s what you’re here for!

You take out the nearest pile of shit with ease and your pack follows suit. They’re a little tougher than you thought, but limbs are flying everywhere. Needless to say you’re really enjoying yourself, and you can see your pack is too. (Well the ones that haven’t gotten themselves killed)

You attack one large experiment with four arms, it catches a few heavy hits on you, before you rip them off. It’s relentless and begins smashing its head (Which contains a lot of jagged metal bits) into you, knocking you down. As you shake it off, Ginger (Who’s now in wolf form) and a couple of other wolflings comes to your aid and finish off the large abomination.

“Godammit! I had that! Don’t EVER come to help me! I can handle myself!” you snarl angrily.
“We were just helping…” Ginger says casting her eyes downward and lowering her ears.

“…yeah…well…just don’t let it happen again…” you say understanding they weren’t really trying to embarrass you. “Come on, we’re done here, let’s get in the castle.”

You meet up with the ones remaining in your pack at the front door of the castle. You put all your muscle into it and rip the doors of their hinges. When you step inside, you narrowly dodge a laser beam of some sort.

“He’s got the whole place trapped, be careful where you…”

A wolfling steps on some floor stone that releases yet another beam trap, reducing him to ashes.

“Step.” You say completing the sentence. That’s when you hear a loud speaker.

“Wolf! Igor informed me you had arrived with some friends! I’m actually glad you’re here I get to test out my new experiment on you! Assuming you survive long enough to get to me of course!”

At this point he does his typical Mad Scientist laugh. If he thinks you’re going to waste your time in his castle of death traps he’s sadly mistaken. He seems to have forgotten you have an excellent sense of smell and tracking in general.

Of course the smell of dead bodies seems to be emanating everywhere. You try to sniff out a human scent, but you aren’t getting anything solid. The dead body smell is too overpowering. You’re catching a couple of different ones though. One of them is a very faint sweet smell. The other is a burning type smell.
> You follow the sweet smell
Even though you’re sure that the burning smell is probably where Vic is at, the sweet smell is so out of place here, you’re compelled to follow it. You tell the wolflings to follow the burning smell while you investigate the other one. They look a little unsure of being without you leading them, but they follow your instructions. Carefully avoiding traps, you travel further to different parts of the castle where the sweet smell starts getting so strong it’s almost sickening, until you finally get to a closed door.

You open the door to an elegant bedroom. The smell pervades the entire area. Someone soaked this place in perfume and there you see Mary standing there in a see-through nightgown. You’re genuinely surprised to see her here.

“I knew you wouldn’t be able to resist. I knew you’d follow this scent. it’s the very perfume I used to wear when we had our affair.”
“Mary? What the hell are you doing here and why the hell did you douse the room in the shit?”
“I know you don’t like the dead smell, I don’t like it either. I makes me remember that I’m not alive…I never was.”
“Yeah, well this smell isn’t too pleasant either. Whew!”
“You know out the many, many…many lovers I had, you know you’re the only one that made me feel alive? Like a real woman, instead of collection of parts as you’ve pointed out so accurately so many times.”

Mary begins to get closer to you.

“Look Mary I ain’t got time for this reminiscing bullshit, I’m on a mission of kicking ass right now and you’d do well to stay out of my way. Why are you here anyway?” you ask again.
“I figured after you left the studio, you’d be in a wicked mood. I thought you’d probably just take your pack and smash up a bar or something. I followed you for a bit and found out you were planning on coming here. Look. I understand that my family has wronged you in many ways. My dad has, Frankie has, and I know I have, but I can’t let you kill them. I know they’re all fucked up and even I don’t like them, but they’re still my family such as they are. Wolf you already got your revenge a long time ago. I mean you beat the hell out of Frankie and ended his career and I heard tales about how you even killed my Dad once before he created either of us. What’s this all going to prove? My dad isn’t any match for you now. He’s barely alive. Frankie has been just lying on a slab for years. Dad took him apart in an effort to fix him. That’s the only experiment he’s talking about and he’s nowhere completed. Dad spends all his time with the insane idea of revitalizing Frankie for a come back. I tell him that it isn’t going to happen, but he continues anyway. There’s no battle here Wolf. Just a lot of empty dreams and delusions.”

At this point she takes your paw and brushes her other hand against your fur.

“Please Wolf, just let my family live. If you have any lingering feelings for me that I know you once did, just call off your attack.”
> You call off the attack
Mary’s plea for you to spare her family has gotten to you. Maybe she’s right. Maybe you did do a lot of damage to them already. Maybe you were just trying to relive your own youth.

Maybe you’re a complete fucking idiot.

As soon as you embrace Mary, you feel multiple shots to the back and extreme pain. You collapse to the floor, as Mary stands back from you angrily shouting.

“Igor, you humped backed fucker! Those bullets went through him and hit me! Asshole!”
“Hey, I can’t control the damn power of this thing. So is he dead?”
“Not quite.”

Mary heftily kicks you over as you struggle to breathe.

“Poor Wolf. You of all people forgot the cardinal rule. Blood is always thicker and you abandoned your own kind over silly nostalgic feelings for me. I am touched though. I shall always remember you as your pelt covers my body as a new coat. Time to put this doggie down Igor.”
“I’m on it.”

Igor raises his weapon once more and blasts your head off in a hail of silver.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Even though you’re sure that the burning smell is probably where Vic is at, the sweet smell is so out of place here, you’re compelled to follow it. You tell the wolflings to follow the burning smell while you investigate the other one. They look a little unsure of being without you leading them, but they follow your instructions. Carefully avoiding traps, you travel further to different parts of the castle where the sweet smell starts getting so strong it’s almost sickening, until you finally get to a closed door.

You open the door to an elegant bedroom. The smell pervades the entire area. Someone soaked this place in perfume and there you see Mary standing there in a see-through nightgown. You’re genuinely surprised to see her here.

“I knew you wouldn’t be able to resist. I knew you’d follow this scent. it’s the very perfume I used to wear when we had our affair.”
“Mary? What the hell are you doing here and why the hell did you douse the room in the shit?”
“I know you don’t like the dead smell, I don’t like it either. I makes me remember that I’m not alive…I never was.”
“Yeah, well this smell isn’t too pleasant either. Whew!”
“You know out the many, many…many lovers I had, you know you’re the only one that made me feel alive? Like a real woman, instead of collection of parts as you’ve pointed out so accurately so many times.”

Mary begins to get closer to you.

“Look Mary I ain’t got time for this reminiscing bullshit, I’m on a mission of kicking ass right now and you’d do well to stay out of my way. Why are you here anyway?” you ask again.
“I figured after you left the studio, you’d be in a wicked mood. I thought you’d probably just take your pack and smash up a bar or something. I followed you for a bit and found out you were planning on coming here. Look. I understand that my family has wronged you in many ways. My dad has, Frankie has, and I know I have, but I can’t let you kill them. I know they’re all fucked up and even I don’t like them, but they’re still my family such as they are. Wolf you already got your revenge a long time ago. I mean you beat the hell out of Frankie and ended his career and I heard tales about how you even killed my Dad once before he created either of us. What’s this all going to prove? My dad isn’t any match for you now. He’s barely alive. Frankie has been just lying on a slab for years. Dad took him apart in an effort to fix him. That’s the only experiment he’s talking about and he’s nowhere completed. Dad spends all his time with the insane idea of revitalizing Frankie for a come back. I tell him that it isn’t going to happen, but he continues anyway. There’s no battle here Wolf. Just a lot of empty dreams and delusions.”

At this point she takes your paw and brushes her other hand against your fur.

“Please Wolf, just let my family live. If you have any lingering feelings for me that I know you once did, just call off your attack.”
> You continue the attack
For a moment you almost believed her. For a moment she almost displayed real emotions and feelings.

For a moment you almost were a complete idiot, except you remember the old prejudice that you’ve never forgotten:

“No matter how much the Undead try to mimic feelings, they have none.”

You hear a click of a wall opening up. You see a metal arm point out and run out of the room, pushing Mary in the way. Igor opens fire and Mary takes king’s ransom in silver to her body, toppling her over with a heavy thud. She’s not dead, but she’ll need some new parts and a major stitch job.

“Igor, you fucking idiot!” she yells from the floor attempting to get up. “Go help Dad! Wolf’s probably on his way there!”

If Mary knew you were coming back, she probably wouldn’t have dismissed Igor so quickly. She manages to stand up just as you stand in the doorway…with a torch.

“You know what I like about these old castles? They always have torches and candles lighting the corridors.” You say.
“Even in my present condition, you won’t get close enough to use that thing!” Mary says with defiance.
“Save your feeble threats, but I don’t need to get close, you doused your room with perfume in your overly elaborate and dramatic attempt to trick me. Bye bye baby.”

Mary’s eyes widen as you dump the torch on the floor which lights up the room spectacularly. Mary attempts to get out of flames, but all the silver in her body makes her too heavy and she falls over again.

“Hmm, maybe the undead do have emotions. She certainly looked scared and sounds like she’s in pain.” You say as you leave to catch up with the rest of the pack.

You don’t get far when you see the wolflings running towards you. Many of them are wounded, some badly.

“What’s going on?” you ask, stopping one of them.
“It’s too damn big! It’s unstoppable! We really tried! Honest!”
“What?!”
“Frankie! He’s been heavily modified. He doesn’t look at all like he did the old pictures I’ve ever seen of him!”

No sooner have you been informed when you hear that damn loud speaker again, the remaining wolflings run past you.

“You see Wolf! You see! While you’ve been wasting away in that shitty cabin, I’ve been preparing for my son’s come back! You stole his woman! You ended his career! You didn’t just damage him physically, you damaged his mind! Scarred him emotionally! It’s taken me YEARS to undo the damage!”
“Damaged his mind? He was a psychopathic serial pedophile made of corpses! What the fuck kind of damage could I have done? And Mary never liked him anyway!” you retort.
“She could’ve learned! He could’ve too! They just needed more time! But YOU! You prevented all that! You and your dog dick!”
“For fuck’s sake I wasn’t the only one fucking her!”
“Yes, but you’re the one who did it the longest and destroyed my poor boy’s career! You’re going to pay! Frankie look who we have here! And old friend, why don’t you go and give him a big hug?”

Victor goes into his mad scientist laugh yet again, and Frankie “2.0” comes lumbering down the hallway, he’s definitely got that cybernetic look now.

“FRANKIE BEAT YOUR HEAD IN.” He says with a booming voice.

Still as verbal and articulate as ever.
> You grab a torch and burn him
The problem with this tactic, is you’ve neglected to remember that Frankie has been vastly updated whereas Mary wasn.’t. Titanium plating doesn’t burn very well, as you find this out the hard way when you grab a nearby torch and shove it into Frankie’s body. It doesn’t do any notable damage. Frankie does some notable damage to you though.

He grabs your arm, breaking it in several places, and then takes the torch and sets YOU on fire, by shoving the flaming torch right through your body.

Fur seems to burn very well.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>For a moment you almost believed her. For a moment she almost displayed real emotions and feelings.

For a moment you almost were a complete idiot, except you remember the old prejudice that you’ve never forgotten:

“No matter how much the Undead try to mimic feelings, they have none.”

You hear a click of a wall opening up. You see a metal arm point out and run out of the room, pushing Mary in the way. Igor opens fire and Mary takes king’s ransom in silver to her body, toppling her over with a heavy thud. She’s not dead, but she’ll need some new parts and a major stitch job.

“Igor, you fucking idiot!” she yells from the floor attempting to get up. “Go help Dad! Wolf’s probably on his way there!”

If Mary knew you were coming back, she probably wouldn’t have dismissed Igor so quickly. She manages to stand up just as you stand in the doorway…with a torch.

“You know what I like about these old castles? They always have torches and candles lighting the corridors.” You say.
“Even in my present condition, you won’t get close enough to use that thing!” Mary says with defiance.
“Save your feeble threats, but I don’t need to get close, you doused your room with perfume in your overly elaborate and dramatic attempt to trick me. Bye bye baby.”

Mary’s eyes widen as you dump the torch on the floor which lights up the room spectacularly. Mary attempts to get out of flames, but all the silver in her body makes her too heavy and she falls over again.

“Hmm, maybe the undead do have emotions. She certainly looked scared and sounds like she’s in pain.” You say as you leave to catch up with the rest of the pack.

You don’t get far when you see the wolflings running towards you. Many of them are wounded, some badly.

“What’s going on?” you ask, stopping one of them.
“It’s too damn big! It’s unstoppable! We really tried! Honest!”
“What?!”
“Frankie! He’s been heavily modified. He doesn’t look at all like he did the old pictures I’ve ever seen of him!”

No sooner have you been informed when you hear that damn loud speaker again, the remaining wolflings run past you.

“You see Wolf! You see! While you’ve been wasting away in that shitty cabin, I’ve been preparing for my son’s come back! You stole his woman! You ended his career! You didn’t just damage him physically, you damaged his mind! Scarred him emotionally! It’s taken me YEARS to undo the damage!”
“Damaged his mind? He was a psychopathic serial pedophile made of corpses! What the fuck kind of damage could I have done? And Mary never liked him anyway!” you retort.
“She could’ve learned! He could’ve too! They just needed more time! But YOU! You prevented all that! You and your dog dick!”
“For fuck’s sake I wasn’t the only one fucking her!”
“Yes, but you’re the one who did it the longest and destroyed my poor boy’s career! You’re going to pay! Frankie look who we have here! And old friend, why don’t you go and give him a big hug?”

Victor goes into his mad scientist laugh yet again, and Frankie “2.0” comes lumbering down the hallway, he’s definitely got that cybernetic look now.

“FRANKIE BEAT YOUR HEAD IN.” He says with a booming voice.

Still as verbal and articulate as ever.
> You retreat
You jump out of Frankie’s way as he smashes into the wall behind you. You make your way quickly down the stairs, where you here Frankie getting back up and following you down them like a freight train.
You’re still a good ways from the bottom, but you see Igor appear at the bottom. You can’t stop or Frankie will slam into you and probably kill you by breaking every bone in your body and tearing you apart. You can keep going and attempt to jump towards Igor hoping you’ll land on him before he can fire accurately or you could jump over the banister and get out of the way altogether. The only problem with this is you’re still pretty high up. You wouldn’t die from such a fall, but you could break something if you land wrong and you certainly don’t want that disadvantage.
> You jump over the banister
You jump over the banister. Frankie goes flying past you unable to stop himself. You hear gunfire and some sounds of bullets plinking off of metal and burying themselves into flesh.

“OH SHIT!” you hear Igor shout. This term is followed by your own, when you see that you were a lot higher than you thought. You go crashing through a solid wooden dining table. It hurts...A LOT.

You don’t get up right away and you half expect Frankie or Igor to come and finish you off, but fortunately that doesn’t happen. You painfully rise and prepare yourself for the final battle, which doesn’t occur.

You go over to the bottom of the stairs and see the wolflings taking advantage of Frankie’s weakened prone state and getting revenge for the beating he gave them all earlier. As for Igor he’s lying under Frankie crushed and dying. He’s bleeding from his ears, mouth, nose and eyes.

“(Gurgle) (sputter) I’m sorry…Vic…Sorry brother…(Gurgle)” he says before dying.
“Well I guess that explains his loyalty.” You say to yourself.

“Hey Wolf you want to get in on this?” A wolfling says ripping a hand off of Frankie.
“Nah, you’ve earned this. I’m just going to go back upstairs and finish off Victor.”
“Need any of us to come up with you?”
“No, you just make sure you do a good job of killing Frankie there.”

You head back up stairs and head to the lab that Frankie came bursting out of, it’s empty, but there’s another door in the room and you’ve got the impression that a certain doctor is behind it.

You open the door to a small room with a bunch of big computers hooked up to a brain in a jar…

“Dr. Frankenstein I presume?” you say. “Wow Vic, I would’ve thought you would’ve at least made a clone body or something.”
“Frankie! Igor! Get in here! NOW!”
‘They’re dead just like you’ll be soon and should’ve been before.”
“Erm…Wolf! Hold on! Come on, I can’t do anything to you! This isn’t fair! Hold on how about…”
“How about you shut up and die?” you say and take Victor’s brain out of the jar.

“NOOOOOO….” Is the last thing that comes out of the loud speakers as you crush the brain under your foot.

Its over. You won, and you fucking hurt like hell. You stagger back downstairs where you find Frankie completely in pieces. The wolflings look at you expectantly.

“Did you kill him?’
“Yeah, and it was hardly worth the effort.” You reply.
“What are we going to do now?” another asks.
“Well I don’t know about you, but I’m going back home to rest.”
“But aren’t you taking us to raise hell somewhere else?”
“Maybe some other day. Look I’m not here to lead you around by the paw. If you want to raise hell you can certainly do it without me. I showed you the way of the wolf tonight, it’s up to you to do something with it. Just remember you’re fucking werewolves, live up to the name.”

You get back on your Harley and head home. Hopefully you taught the new generation something so tonight wasn’t a complete bust. You didn’t really get to have the epic battle you were looking for, but you survived and in the end that’s what it’s all about.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You jump out of Frankie’s way as he smashes into the wall behind you. You make your way quickly down the stairs, where you here Frankie getting back up and following you down them like a freight train.
You’re still a good ways from the bottom, but you see Igor appear at the bottom. You can’t stop or Frankie will slam into you and probably kill you by breaking every bone in your body and tearing you apart. You can keep going and attempt to jump towards Igor hoping you’ll land on him before he can fire accurately or you could jump over the banister and get out of the way altogether. The only problem with this is you’re still pretty high up. You wouldn’t die from such a fall, but you could break something if you land wrong and you certainly don’t want that disadvantage.
> You jump towards Igor
What happens next is so quick it’s amazing you survive it.

You leap up in the air in an effort to land on Igor before he fires. Frankie is still charging behind you, but that changes when you leap up into the air, because he ends up being underneath you when gains more momentum.

Meanwhile Igor is attempting to lift that heavy arm weapon of his to accurately shoot you. The weight and the recoil makes it difficult and he’s not very accurate and begins firing everywhere randomly in your AND Frankie’s direction.

You’re still airborn heading towards Igor and now Frankie as well who’s somehow gotten in front of you due to him being unable to stop himself at this point. This is fortunate since this causes Frankie to block most of the randomly fired bullets with his body. You still take a couple in the leg though.

“OH SHIT! Igor yells as Frankie slams into him and the floor at terrific speed. You don’t fair much better since you crash into the back of Frankie which is pretty hard due to the metal plating. It hurts like hell and you crawl off as quickly as possible while Frankie attempts to recover. Igor isn’t recovering as quickly; he’s bleeding from every orifice and whatever cybernetic parts he had can go to the scrap yard.

You’re in great pain and you got some silver bullets in your leg, but you need to act.
> You finish off Igor
You’ll never be able to fight Frankie in this condition and in his updated status, you get an idea.

You go over to Igor who pathetically attempts to point his weapon at you. You easily grab his arm weapon and begin to pull the thing out its weakened socket. Blood spurts all over you and Igor finally dies from the loss of it.

“I’m sorry Vic…my brother… (gurgle)” he sputters.
“Hm, that explains his loyalty I guess.” You say to yourself.

Frankie’s is attempting to recover from his own wounds, but you’re not going to give him a chance to do it. You point Igor’s arm at Frankie and manipulate the tendons inside.

The gun fires and you blast half of Frankie’s head off with a rain of silver bullets. The recoil causes you to fall to the ground and the heat from it burns the fur on your hands.

“Holy shit that was fucking cool.” You say impressed.

Frankie’s not dead yet though, he tries to get back up, so you just take the weapon and club him in what remains of his head with it until he stays down for good. You then tear him apart to make sure. You stand over Frankie’s body parts panting heavily. You can’t even give a victory howl. You’re too tired. The rest of the pack comes in, somewhat surprised to see you alive.

“You’re alive!”
“Of course I’m alive! No thanks to you! Where the hell were you assholes?”
“Um…well we didn’t know if we should help since you got mad when we did it last time…”

You can’t even argue with them, you’re too tired to do even that. You only have the strength to do one more thing…

You head upstairs by yourself, back to the lab Frankie came bursting out of, its empty, but there’s another door in the room and you’ve got the impression that a certain doctor is behind it.

You open the door to a small room with a bunch of big computers hooked up to a brain in a jar…

“Vic, you really are a shitty Mad Scientist, you couldn’t even come up with a better way to prolong your life.”
“Frankie! Igor! Get in here! NOW!”
‘They’re dead just like you’ll be soon and should’ve been before.”
“Erm…Wolf! Hold on! Come on, I can’t do anything to you! Hasn’t there been enough killing for one day!?
“Not yet.” you say and take Victor’s brain out of the jar.

“NOOOOOO….” Is the last thing that comes out of the loud speakers as you crush the brain under your foot.
“NOW there’s been enough killing for one day.” You say.

Its over. You won, and you fucking hurt like hell. You stagger back downstairs. Where the wolflings look at you expectantly.

“Did you kill him?’
“Yeah, and it was hardly worth the effort.” You reply.
“What are we going to do now?” another asks.
“Well I don’t know about you, but I’m going back home to rest.”
“But aren’t you taking us to raise hell somewhere else? We want to do more werewolf stuff!”
“Raise hell? You fuckers made ME do all the damn work! I killed every single member of this fucked up family all by my damn self! As far as I’m concerned I’M the only werewolf here! The rest of you are fucking lapdogs at best! I’m not leading any of you anywhere until you go prove otherwise…no fuck that. I don’t want to see ANY of you again! Well except Ginger. You know where I live baby. When you don’t want to hang around with these neutered pups, come see me.”

Unsurprisingly Ginger comes with you immediately.

You and Ginger get back on your Harley and head home. You’re now convinced that you’re the last of a dying breed. Today’s youth are fucking spoiled. Still, you got to prove that you’re still the baddest ass Alpha Wolf this world is ever going to see, and it’ll be a long time before the world sees an Alpha Wolf like you again.

That is until Ginger has a litter of cubs…<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>What happens next is so quick it’s amazing you survive it.

You leap up in the air in an effort to land on Igor before he fires. Frankie is still charging behind you, but that changes when you leap up into the air, because he ends up being underneath you when gains more momentum.

Meanwhile Igor is attempting to lift that heavy arm weapon of his to accurately shoot you. The weight and the recoil makes it difficult and he’s not very accurate and begins firing everywhere randomly in your AND Frankie’s direction.

You’re still airborn heading towards Igor and now Frankie as well who’s somehow gotten in front of you due to him being unable to stop himself at this point. This is fortunate since this causes Frankie to block most of the randomly fired bullets with his body. You still take a couple in the leg though.

“OH SHIT! Igor yells as Frankie slams into him and the floor at terrific speed. You don’t fair much better since you crash into the back of Frankie which is pretty hard due to the metal plating. It hurts like hell and you crawl off as quickly as possible while Frankie attempts to recover. Igor isn’t recovering as quickly; he’s bleeding from every orifice and whatever cybernetic parts he had can go to the scrap yard.

You’re in great pain and you got some silver bullets in your leg, but you need to act.
> You finish off Frankie
You limp over to Frankie while he’s recovering and land a few well placed strikes, even ripping off some of the back plating. It’s no good though; Frankie’s still got a lot of fight in him. He turns around, grabs you by the throat and begins to squeeze the shit out of it, raising you off the ground. Igor who’s dying makes one last effort to avenge his last blunder.

“For my brother Vic!” he yells and fires his weapon at you one last time. He can’t miss at this range and your death is instantaneous.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You tell everyone to get the hell out of Igor’s range and take cover. Fortunately Igor’s gun-arm isn’t the best design and he’s having problems aiming and standing still due to the recoil, so you all manage to hide behind some nearby rocks

Still, there’s no way you’re going to be able to scale the front gate with Igor on that damn tower.

“See I knew this was a bad idea!” one of the wolflings says.
“How are we supposed to get past that? I’m pretty sure he’s firing silver bullets at us.”
“Oh I KNOW he is. Hence the reason why I told everyone to get out of the way. Okay so we’re not going through the front gate, the castle’s a big place right? Igor’s only guarding the front. I say we split up and scale the walls on the sides and around the back. We’ll meet up inside the castle.”
“Yeah, but won’t there be other defenses?”
“Probably. So you better be fucking prepared! This ain’t no damn game. You cubs think you’re really tough when in fact you’ve probably never had a real challenge. This is it. Don’t think about backing out now. This is where we truly test the idea of survival of the fittest. Damn, my blood is starting to feel that rush! Don’t you all feel it? I haven’t felt this way since they sent a group of ten “werewolf assassins” to put me down. Shit. They never tried that again! Ha ha ha ha ha!”

While you’re reveling in gruesome nostalgia, your pack is looking at you like you’ve completely lost it. And they’re probably right. However, your speech seems to have stirred something in them.

“The crazy old fossil’s right! I remember having to hear about similar stuff my grandfather used to talk about all the damn time. I never really paid any attention to it before. Now I think I understand. We need to prove our skills to truly be proud to call ourselves werewolves!” one of them states.
“Now that’s the attitude I’m talking about!”

You all huddle in the rain and make a howling noise in unison to the moon and proceed with your plan. You all split up into a couple of groups and begin to scale the side and back walls, which really isn’t all that difficult. You know Igor’s probably ran off to warn Vic though. All you can think is, he better have something better than just Igor and Frankie defending him.

As you prowl around in the courtyard, you hear moaning and the clomping of several footsteps. You and your group turn to see some of Vic’s defenses.

“Zombies? Are you fucking kidding me Vic? I thought you’d at least have some robots or something!” you say to yourself. Though upon a second look, you see that the horde of corpses aren’t actually zombies. Zombies are complete corpses brought back to life. These things look more like Frankie, except designed even worse. A lot of them have arms and legs in odd places. Some have a couple of heads or extra limbs. Most aren’t even stitched together neatly, there are just giant rivets and spikes sticking out, holding them together. These are probably some of his “failed” experiments.

Doesn’t matter, they’re close enough to be Undead for you.
> You out run them and get into the castle
You don’t have time to fight some half ass experiments, the wolflings can handle that. You’re after a bigger prize. You leave the pack behind and run to the front door of the castle where upon you rip it off the hinges.

You’re in such a hurry to kill Victor; you don’t proceed cautiously enough and forget that he’s probably trapped the place. You step on a floor panel and a laser beam suddenly shoots out, incinerating you into ash.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your recent dealings with Mary, have made you think about all the shit you’ve had to put up with from that no talent dickhead. No human has ever given you such trouble. You know he’s still alive. (Mad scientists always find ways of prolonging their lives somehow) That won’t be true for long though, if you get your way. You killed him once before. This time you’re going to make sure he stays that way.

He’s probably got whatever crappy inventions and experiments protecting his castle and from what you know, Frankie’s still living with his “Dad” as well.

You don’t give a fuck, you’ll kill him too. You figure you’ll be doing the world a favor as well as getting some satisfaction. Besides, you’ve got to show these wolflings what being a werewolf is all about.

“All right you cubs! We’re going to go raise some fucking hell. We’re going to Frankenstein’s Castle. We’re going to rip the place apart brick by brick, and I’M going to rip Victor apart limb from limb.”
“Erm…Castle Frankenstien? Isn’t that where Frankie lives?” one of the wolflings asks.
“I heard he’s really powerful, didn’t he fight Dracula and win?”
‘I dunno if we should mess with him.”

You can’t believe your ears! These snot nosed pups know nothing of their heritage! Back in the old days they would’ve been killed and eaten for such cowardice!

“Goddammit are you Wolves or fucking Chihuahuas? Frankie’s a fucking pussy! I personally kicked his ass before and I’ll do it again all by myself if I have too! Now are you going to run with me and be a fucking Wolf or are you going to go back home with your tails tucked between your legs?”

After looking at each other for awhile they all agree to go with you.

“Good! Now I want all of you to transform into your wolf form too! I’m traveling with fellow wolves not humans!”

Just before one of the females begins to transform, you stop her. She’s dressed in a short leather skirt and a tight white t-shirt that’s tied in the center and has long flowing brown hair. You can smell that she’s in heat. You hate to coin a pun, but she literally is one hot l’il bitch.

“Erm, not you. You stay in your human form; I kind of like the whole teenage slut look you got going on. In fact you come here right now; you’ll be traveling on my bike with me.” You say.

As she slides in behind you and holds on, you ask her one more question.

“So what’s your name?”
“Ginger. What’s your name, you never did tell us.”
“Wolf. Just Wolf baby. Remember it. You’ll be screaming it later.”

Damn you’re so fucking cool, you think as you start up your Harley and ride ahead of the pack.

(You’d probably be even cooler if these pups weren’t all riding those Japanese “crotch rocket” bikes, but that’ll have to be another lesson for another day)

After a couple of days of riding, and a few “pit stops” with Ginger, you all eventually reach Castle Frankenstein. You park your bikes at the gate, and size the place up, which now looks a lot different. It looks like a damn Nazi fortress now, there’s guard towers and everything. It seems Victor has been keeping himself very busy in recent years.

As it begins to rain, a familiar voice calls to you from one of the towers.

“Its you. Vic always knew you’d return one day. I never believed him though. I guess I owe him fifty bucks.”

You look up and see Igor, he looks different too. He has a lot of clumsy cybernetic implants, one of them being some sort of gun in place of an arm. More of Vic’s “handy work” no doubt. He’s still got that damn hump on his back though.

“Igor? You still alive? I thought your ungrateful master would’ve just let you die of old age and get himself another assistant. I see he did a real good job of improving you though. Tell me, how’s it feel to be the real brains, never getting the credit and continuing to be a doormat?”
“I’m happy with my lot in life. How’s it feel to be broke ass overgrown dog who’s trying to relive his lost youth?” Igor retorts back.
“Don’t know yet. I’ll tell you before I shove that metal arm up your ass.”

Well looks like the fight’s starting here.
> You memories (Igor)
The Assistant: Igor

You’ve never really had much contact with Igor, other than knowing he’s Victor’s assistant. For awhile you thought he and Vic had something ELSE going on, (Much like Vlad and Renfield) but that’s not the case. Igor’s just a loyal henchman.

You always wondered why he is though. Despite general public perception, he’s not stupid. In fact, he’s been the one that’s given Vic most of his “successful” experiment ideas. Vic wouldn’t even be around if it hadn’t been for Igor. Vic doesn’t seem to appreciate any of his help though and doesn’t treat him very well. He treats his experiments better than he treats Igor. You can only guess Igor is a masochist, or has some severe self-esteem problems.

Probably both.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“So you had me in mind eh? Well that proves it. You think I’m a joke because that’s how you wrote the character.”
“What? No! I just…”
“I see your time with that bloodsucker was well spent. Learning how to exploit and leech right? Look maybe you can pull this shit with those puppies over there, but I ain’t fucking one! I don’t need the money that badly. I’ll go fucking live my twilight years in the forest and DIE there as nature probably intended. I don’t need this shit.”

As you turn to leave, Mary shouts at you.

“Yeah, that’s right go on leave Mr. Lone Wolf! You’ll fucking die alone, you stubborn bastard! I tried to help you! Erik tried to help you and you don’t appreciate any of it! That’s why none of your children speak to you and…”

You run back over to her and slam her into the wall. You stare at her face to face as she struggles to get free. She’s strong, but you manage to keep her pinned. She really pissed you off and you were already pissed off to begin with.

“Fuck you, and fuck Erik! You two don’t know shit about me, never did. I’m through with the pair of you! In fact I think I’ll be taking something with me since you’re so worried about me being alone…”

You release Mary and go over to the wolflings who look a little worried that you’re going to cause harm to them. Many of them cast their eyes downward.

“Hey, you want to be REALLY tough? You want to really raise some hell? Come with me. If you want to stay under the thumb of this patchwork dead bitch and be exploited and mocked, stay here.

Your statement alone convinces all of them. They all follow you, even the one you made an example of. Mary attempts to call everyone back, but it’s useless, you’ve taken control of the pack and they’ll do what you want now.

And right now you want to get into a fight. You think about all the people and creatures that wronged you in some way and only two of them keep coming to mind consistently.

One is that fucking Dr. Victor Frankenstein. If it wasn’t for him, Frankie and Mary wouldn’t have been created in the first place which also means you wouldn’t have gotten yourself into trouble all those years ago. You wouldn’t have had to put up with his “children” taking jobs away from you. Not to mention he sued you once.

But the one who you REALLY despise, is that bisexual bloodsucker. Fucking Dracula or Vlad, or whatever the hell he’s calling himself these days. The disgust you have for him and the reasons are too numerous to list here.
> You go kick Vlad's ass
Its long over due and its time. You need to go fucking kill that bloodsucker or die trying. You need to prove that you are and always will be the baddest of the monsters. You also need to prove to these wolflings that they need to be proud of their fucking heritage and not play second fiddle to some overgrown leeches.

“All right you cubs! We’re going to go raise some fucking hell. We’re going to Dracula’s Castle. We’re going to rip the place apart brick by brick, and every fucking bloodsucker in the goddamned place and I’M going to rip Fagula apart limb from limb, drive a stake in his heart, cut his head off and then shove his dick in his mouth!”

The Wolflings look very apprehensive about your suggestion, in fact they outright refuse.

“You’re a fucking crazy old coot; if you think we’re gonna follow you to Dracula’s Castle! Fuck that, he’s got an army of bloodsuckers and ghouls and who knows what the hell else! We can’t win that Wolf! Can’t we just bust up a bar or something?” one of them exclaims

You can’t believe your ears! These snot nosed pups know nothing of their heritage! Back in the old days they would’ve been killed and eaten for such cowardice!

“Goddammit are you Wolves or fucking Chihuahuas? Vampires have been taking OUR rightful place in the monster hierarchy for centuries! We need to set the fucking record straight on this shit! Now are you going to run with me and be a fucking Wolf or are you going to go back home with your tails tucked between your legs?”

After looking at each other for awhile they all begin to leave and head back to the studio.

“Oh fuckin’ fine then, play werewolf in a movie, but I can see I’m the only fuckin’ REAL Werewolf here, the rest of you are just goddamn overgrown dingos! Fuck this, I don’t give a shit, I’ll kill Dracula my own goddamned self. I don’t need anybody’s help!”

You get on your Harley and ride. You only make a few stops on your way; you’re completely driven to have your final showdown with Vlad. Finally after a few days of riding you reach Dracula’s Castle. The place looks exactly the same. You get off your bike and scale the high iron gate. As you jump down into the courtyard you half expect yourself to be overwhelmed by vampires, or even ghouls, but nothing happens. This is weird, there aren’t even any guards patrolling or even at the door. In fact it sounds like a party is going on inside. You hear lots of laughter and music. Suddenly someone comes outside and sees you. It’s some Vampire chick.

“Ohhh, a Werewolf! Wow, I didn’t know any of you types were invited to the party; I thought Drac hated you guys. Well what’re you doing standing outside? Come on in the party’s just starting!” she says waving you in.

A bit of a different approach than you were preparing for, but you enter. You entrance to the ballroom is immediately a big event. You’re the only Werewolf there. Everyone else is either a Vampire, a ghoul, or even a human “servant”. Everyone is staring at you, some with wonder and interest, most with hatred, a few in awe. Most probably haven’t encountered a Werewolf like you before. The staring would probably continue if another slightly out of place being didn’t come shuffling up to you to talk you in a friendly manner causing the bloodsuckers to go back to partying. It’s Im-Ho-Tep. You’re surprised to see him here.

“Wolf?! YOU got an invitation to this thing? I can’t believe it! What the hell did you and Dracula kiss and make up?” he remarks with his scratchy sounding voice.
“Not in this life time Teppy. What’re you doing here?”
”Me? Oh you know Vlad, he’s always gotta put on a show. Likes to play up the whole royalty thing to the other bloodsuckers, so he always invites me to these things to prove he’s got connections or something since I was a Prince. I always keep telling him, it’s a meaningless title since the Egyptian Empire fell thousands of years ago, but he insists on flying me out here, making a big fuss and everything so what the hell, it’s not like I got anything better to do plus I get a kick out of watching the bloodsuckers get drunk and make idiots out of themselves, well that and I like to look at some of these Vamp chicks. Heh, guess that makes me a voyeur, but again what the hell, its one of the few pleasures I get in this world anymore. But enough about this dirty old man, what brings you here if you weren’t invited? Just randomly crashing the party?”
“Sort of…I didn’t even know there was one…I’m here to kill Fagula.” You whisper quietly.

Tep’s eyes widen a bit under his bandages. He isn’t entirely surprised (At his age barely anything surprises him anymore) but he was caught a little off guard by your statement.

“Wow Wolf…I can tell you’re really not joking about this. All I can say is… what took you so long? I thought this day would come long before now. Lost some bets because of it, oh well easy come easy go. Well you know your secret’s safe with me, though I suppose it won’t be a secret for too much longer! You’re still the craziest sonofabitch I know, but then you always did know how to liven up a party! Ha ha! Ol’ Vlad will probably be making his grand entrance soon, so just wait awhile. He threw this party for some kind of special announcement he has to make. I still got a bet with Erik that you would win if you and Drac ever got into a battle to the death. I’ll be hoping to collect that bet from Erik. Good luck!” Tep then shuffles off back to where he sitting.

Erik bet against you? Fucking little depressed shit! You’re going to have a little talk with him after all this.

You put your back against the wall, watching everyone while waiting for Dracula to arrive. An hour passes and you’re fucking sick of waiting, you don’t feel like waiting for him to make “an entrance”. You’re here to commit major mayhem on him, not listen to anything he has to say. While you’re surveying the place, you see a disheveled man peek out from a corner across the room and then slink back. That was Renfield, you’d know Fagula’s sycophantic bitch boy anywhere.
> You wait a little longer
You figure he really can’t be that long now, and decide to wait. Soon you see Renfield come back, he tells everyone to quiet down on orders of his master.

“Excuse me everyone, I know you’re all anxious to hear what my master has to say, but I have been informed that he will not step into this room until a certain infestation has been taken care of first. Namely THAT ONE OVER THERE!”

Suddenly all the Vampires, Ghouls and Human servants look at you and advance! You’re beyond out numbered. You put up a good fight for someone in your position, but ultimately you are scratched, bitten and sucked dry. And not in the good way either. You are then skinned where your pelt is hung up over Drac’s fireplace, where he always brags about how he defeated you single handedly.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Its long over due and its time. You need to go fucking kill that bloodsucker or die trying. You need to prove that you are and always will be the baddest of the monsters. You also need to prove to these wolflings that they need to be proud of their fucking heritage and not play second fiddle to some overgrown leeches.

“All right you cubs! We’re going to go raise some fucking hell. We’re going to Dracula’s Castle. We’re going to rip the place apart brick by brick, and every fucking bloodsucker in the goddamned place and I’M going to rip Fagula apart limb from limb, drive a stake in his heart, cut his head off and then shove his dick in his mouth!”

The Wolflings look very apprehensive about your suggestion, in fact they outright refuse.

“You’re a fucking crazy old coot; if you think we’re gonna follow you to Dracula’s Castle! Fuck that, he’s got an army of bloodsuckers and ghouls and who knows what the hell else! We can’t win that Wolf! Can’t we just bust up a bar or something?” one of them exclaims

You can’t believe your ears! These snot nosed pups know nothing of their heritage! Back in the old days they would’ve been killed and eaten for such cowardice!

“Goddammit are you Wolves or fucking Chihuahuas? Vampires have been taking OUR rightful place in the monster hierarchy for centuries! We need to set the fucking record straight on this shit! Now are you going to run with me and be a fucking Wolf or are you going to go back home with your tails tucked between your legs?”

After looking at each other for awhile they all begin to leave and head back to the studio.

“Oh fuckin’ fine then, play werewolf in a movie, but I can see I’m the only fuckin’ REAL Werewolf here, the rest of you are just goddamn overgrown dingos! Fuck this, I don’t give a shit, I’ll kill Dracula my own goddamned self. I don’t need anybody’s help!”

You get on your Harley and ride. You only make a few stops on your way; you’re completely driven to have your final showdown with Vlad. Finally after a few days of riding you reach Dracula’s Castle. The place looks exactly the same. You get off your bike and scale the high iron gate. As you jump down into the courtyard you half expect yourself to be overwhelmed by vampires, or even ghouls, but nothing happens. This is weird, there aren’t even any guards patrolling or even at the door. In fact it sounds like a party is going on inside. You hear lots of laughter and music. Suddenly someone comes outside and sees you. It’s some Vampire chick.

“Ohhh, a Werewolf! Wow, I didn’t know any of you types were invited to the party; I thought Drac hated you guys. Well what’re you doing standing outside? Come on in the party’s just starting!” she says waving you in.

A bit of a different approach than you were preparing for, but you enter. You entrance to the ballroom is immediately a big event. You’re the only Werewolf there. Everyone else is either a Vampire, a ghoul, or even a human “servant”. Everyone is staring at you, some with wonder and interest, most with hatred, a few in awe. Most probably haven’t encountered a Werewolf like you before. The staring would probably continue if another slightly out of place being didn’t come shuffling up to you to talk you in a friendly manner causing the bloodsuckers to go back to partying. It’s Im-Ho-Tep. You’re surprised to see him here.

“Wolf?! YOU got an invitation to this thing? I can’t believe it! What the hell did you and Dracula kiss and make up?” he remarks with his scratchy sounding voice.
“Not in this life time Teppy. What’re you doing here?”
”Me? Oh you know Vlad, he’s always gotta put on a show. Likes to play up the whole royalty thing to the other bloodsuckers, so he always invites me to these things to prove he’s got connections or something since I was a Prince. I always keep telling him, it’s a meaningless title since the Egyptian Empire fell thousands of years ago, but he insists on flying me out here, making a big fuss and everything so what the hell, it’s not like I got anything better to do plus I get a kick out of watching the bloodsuckers get drunk and make idiots out of themselves, well that and I like to look at some of these Vamp chicks. Heh, guess that makes me a voyeur, but again what the hell, its one of the few pleasures I get in this world anymore. But enough about this dirty old man, what brings you here if you weren’t invited? Just randomly crashing the party?”
“Sort of…I didn’t even know there was one…I’m here to kill Fagula.” You whisper quietly.

Tep’s eyes widen a bit under his bandages. He isn’t entirely surprised (At his age barely anything surprises him anymore) but he was caught a little off guard by your statement.

“Wow Wolf…I can tell you’re really not joking about this. All I can say is… what took you so long? I thought this day would come long before now. Lost some bets because of it, oh well easy come easy go. Well you know your secret’s safe with me, though I suppose it won’t be a secret for too much longer! You’re still the craziest sonofabitch I know, but then you always did know how to liven up a party! Ha ha! Ol’ Vlad will probably be making his grand entrance soon, so just wait awhile. He threw this party for some kind of special announcement he has to make. I still got a bet with Erik that you would win if you and Drac ever got into a battle to the death. I’ll be hoping to collect that bet from Erik. Good luck!” Tep then shuffles off back to where he sitting.

Erik bet against you? Fucking little depressed shit! You’re going to have a little talk with him after all this.

You put your back against the wall, watching everyone while waiting for Dracula to arrive. An hour passes and you’re fucking sick of waiting, you don’t feel like waiting for him to make “an entrance”. You’re here to commit major mayhem on him, not listen to anything he has to say. While you’re surveying the place, you see a disheveled man peek out from a corner across the room and then slink back. That was Renfield, you’d know Fagula’s sycophantic bitch boy anywhere.
> You go follow Renfield
You push your way through the crowd and head towards where Renfield was lurking about. He isn’t far, you can smell him. You follow a long corridor and then turn the corner to see Renfield hobbling down another passage, you quickly knock him to the floor, turn him over and kneel on his chest. He attempts to struggle, but you’re still too strong for him.

“Well, well, well, I’m surprised your faggot master still keeps you around. Shit, you smell terrible, I suppose along with your flesh rotting, and lousy hygiene in general, all those ass rammings have taken a toll on you eh? Where the hell is he?”
”You! You’ve always been jealous of the master! Jealous of his wealth, his style and his beauty! You’re nothing, but a lowly animal!”
“For someone who gets abused in every possible way, has no self respect, and is a filthy Ghoul, I wouldn’t be calling anyone a lowly animal. And you’re not really in the position to be pissing me off anyway. Now where the fuck is Fagula?”
“The master is going enjoy killing you, especially tonight! Now he’ll be able to claim victory over TWO of his greatest enemies!”
“What the hell are you blathering about?”
“Oh you’ll find out…” Renfield smiles with a set of blacken teeth.
“Yeah whatever, look last chance to…”

Suddenly you feel a powerful crushing blow to the back of your head. It isn’t enough to knock you out, but you fall off of Renfield and roll over feeling very woozy. In your bleary vision you can make out the form of that cocksucker Dracula standing over you. Another figure stands there as well, you don’t know who they are, but they look somewhat familiar.

“Wolf, I don’t believe I invited you to this party, but it was good of you to come anyway. It only makes festivities more enjoyable! I think you’ll give Jacob a good chance of testing himself. I was going to have him fight Renfield, but I’m sure you’ll provide much more of a challenge. You think you’re up for the challenge Jacob?”
“Sounds perfect to me.” The other figure says and steps closer, and just before he kicks you in the head, you could swear it looks like Van Helsing, but much younger.

“Sonofa…” you begin to say and then get your face kicked in, knocking you unconscious.

Time passes and you wake up in a cage with silver bars. You see the figure that kicked you in the face on the other side, it is Van Helsing…or someone that looks like him since his name was Abraham, not Jacob. You find out soon enough, when he begins to speak.

“Wolf, you’re up. Good. I’m anxious to test my new skills on you. Renfield certainly wouldn’t have been much of a challenge, but you should prove to be. Even my foolish grandfather couldn’t kill you. He couldn’t kill Dracula either, but then Dracula was always superior in everyway. I have no idea why he pursued such an idiotic quest of trying to kill Vampires, they really are the supreme life form on this planet and certainly the most lovely and sensual. Vladimir has shown me such pleasures since our time together.”
You shake your head and snicker. This must’ve been the “other” defeated enemy that Renfield was on about.
“So, that’s how it is now? The Van Helsing bloodline finally defeated not through violence, but through seduction? Never thought I’d see the day come. I had my problems with your family and especially your father, but I could at least respect their dedication. You’re a fucking disgrace kid.”
“On the contrary, I’m merely ensuring the survival of my family name. What was I supposed to do, carrying on some pointless family tradition of monster hunting, and get myself killed? Fuck that. I want to live forever.”
“Yeah? Well you can scratch that plan, because when I get a hold of you, you’re going to be wishing you hadn’t turned into a fucking bloodsucker.”
“(Sigh) Yes, Vladimir told me you were always one to make unimaginative threats, I’ll be more interested in hearing your howls of pain though, see you soon.”

As Jacob leaves you to your cage. You hear another voice in the room.

“So…Vlad has now eliminated all his enemies, I guess I always knew he’d succeed.”

You see another holding cell, but one made of some kind of heavy duty unbreakable see-through plastic. The top of it has a ton of garlic hanging from it. Sitting and looking utterly defeated is an ugly distorted looking humanoid, who is yet another face you’re amazed to see. This revenge trip has just been one surprise after another.

“Orlock? Heard you were dead.” you say.
“I wish I was, unfortunately Dracula insists on keeping me alive…feeding me rats…tormenting me…reminding me of my shameful defeat by his hands…I’m proud of him.”
“You’re happy that he’s torturing you? Sheesh, all you Undead are fucking masochists.”
“I’m not happy that he’s torturing me you ignorant dog, I’m happy that he’s proven to be so ruthless, despite his foppish ways. I must admit I had my doubts about him when I first created him.”
“Yeah, I see that really worked out well for you.”
“(Sigh) True. But it’s my own fault for having a soft spot for him I suppose. I should’ve been more watchful of him. You’ll be lucky, he’ll just kill you, or rather have his new conquest Jacob do it.”
“Nobody’s killing me, I’m getting the fuck outta here right now. These bars aren’t going to hold me.”
“Won’t that be difficult Wolf? Seeing that the bars are made of silver?”
“So fucking what? Doesn’t mean I can’t touch them! As long as the things aren’t going into my body they don’t mean shit! Thought you bloodsuckers knew that. See that’s the problem with you Vampires, always underestimating your enemies and being melodramatic. If Fagula and his bitch boys were smart they would’ve killed me when they had the chance. That’s what I would’ve done.”
“You and I actually have more in common than you think. We both are the last of the old ways. I must admit that I too would’ve killed you immediately, rather than toy with such a dangerous enemy.”

You ignore Orlock and concentrate on the bars. You easily pry the silver bars open and step out of the cage; you then rip one of the bars out to take with you. Orlock looks at you with interest.

“Why are you taking that?”
“Because unlike you Vampires, we Werewolves try to learn everything we can about our enemies. I know for a fact that silver hurts you fuckers too, though you guys like to try to keep that shit quiet.”
“Ah. Tis a shame we never clashed Wolf, you would’ve been a worthy opponent.”
“Yeah? Well when I kill Drac, I can come back to finish you off too.”
“Ha ha! Glad to see you have such confidence. However, if in the unlikely event that you do defeat Vlad, by all means come back and finish me off to put me out my misery. I would gladly welcome everlasting death at this point.”

You leave the room and find yourself in a corridor made of dull stone; you’re guessing you’re probably underground. Nobody’s around, but you can still hear the noise of the party above. You’re about to head back up when you hear a voice close by.

“Psst! Wolf! Over here! Quick!”

You turn around and at one end of the corridor you see Mary. Now what the fuck is SHE doing here?! You rush over to Mary.

“What the fuck are you doing here?” you ask.
“Trying to prevent you from getting yourself killed, you stubborn macho asshole! When the Wolflings returned to the studio, I asked them where you went, and they told me, so I went after you. What the hell did you think you were doing coming here to kill Dracula?”
“Just that! Kill his bloodsucking ass! How’d you sneak in here anyway?”
”I didn’t, I got an invitation about a month ago to the party, so when I arrived I was expected. Then I heard you were taken down here by some of the guests.”
“Oh I can see you and Drac are still chummy with each other, figures, all you Undead stick together. You’re probably here to help him not me!”
”Goddammit Wolf, will you stop being so fucking paranoid! I wasn’t even going to this thing; the only reason why I’m here is because of you! Because maybe you don’t want to believe it, but I do love you, you’ve always only been the one to make me feel complete. After all the searching and traveling and trying to discover myself, it was our time together that I always held dear to me and stayed in my mind. Please, Wolf don’t go through with this, we lost a lot of years already; now that we’ve been reunited I don’t want to lose you permanently. This is isn’t worth it. You don’t have to prove anything. I’m familiar with the secret passages in this place, we could leave right now without any trouble.”

Mary’s face does show expression of concern, and her voice does display worry. She may or may not be telling the truth. If she isn’t then she’s done a good job of fooling you. However, even if she is telling you the truth, there’s something else at stake here, namely your principles and pride. You’d really hate to run from Dracula, especially at this point.
> You leave with Mary
You’re a lot older and not exactly at one hundred percent right now.
Dracula is still in peek condition.
You’re on his home turf.
There are other hostile Vampires, Ghouls and Humans here, not to mention Dracula’s new boy Van Helsing.

You’re not going to win this one.

Maybe if you were still alone you’d do it anyway, but Mary’s words have had an effect on you. Your pride in the past is what got you into a lot of trouble, and most of it was unnecessary. With age comes wisdom, and maybe its time you started to act your age. Your past accomplishments have spoken for themselves; you don’t need to prove you still have “one last fight” in you. Why die pointlessly for some feud that nobody else cares about, and throw away a potentially good future with Mary?

“Alright Mary, alright.” You say.

Mary looks surprised, as if she thought you wouldn’t listen to her, but she’s pleased never the less. Having been involved with Dracula and been in his castle in the past, she is of course quite familiar with the secret passages of the place and you both leave quietly.

After resting up a bit, you get back to work on that movie with Mary. You of course still insist on her making changes to the script, which she does. The movie comes out and its relatively successful, it’s not going to make you a superstar again, but it’s good enough. Eventually you move in with Mary and live out the rest of your life with her.

You always expect Dracula to attempt to get you somehow for escaping, but he never does. In fact that whole event is never even brought up or made public, since you were also expecting slanderous attacks about how you ran away to show up in magazines or something. Maybe it was because he was too busy having trouble with his new lover Jacob attempting to get palimony, or maybe he didn’t think the feud was that important either.

You still always will wonder what might’ve happened…<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You push your way through the crowd and head towards where Renfield was lurking about. He isn’t far, you can smell him. You follow a long corridor and then turn the corner to see Renfield hobbling down another passage, you quickly knock him to the floor, turn him over and kneel on his chest. He attempts to struggle, but you’re still too strong for him.

“Well, well, well, I’m surprised your faggot master still keeps you around. Shit, you smell terrible, I suppose along with your flesh rotting, and lousy hygiene in general, all those ass rammings have taken a toll on you eh? Where the hell is he?”
”You! You’ve always been jealous of the master! Jealous of his wealth, his style and his beauty! You’re nothing, but a lowly animal!”
“For someone who gets abused in every possible way, has no self respect, and is a filthy Ghoul, I wouldn’t be calling anyone a lowly animal. And you’re not really in the position to be pissing me off anyway. Now where the fuck is Fagula?”
“The master is going enjoy killing you, especially tonight! Now he’ll be able to claim victory over TWO of his greatest enemies!”
“What the hell are you blathering about?”
“Oh you’ll find out…” Renfield smiles with a set of blacken teeth.
“Yeah whatever, look last chance to…”

Suddenly you feel a powerful crushing blow to the back of your head. It isn’t enough to knock you out, but you fall off of Renfield and roll over feeling very woozy. In your bleary vision you can make out the form of that cocksucker Dracula standing over you. Another figure stands there as well, you don’t know who they are, but they look somewhat familiar.

“Wolf, I don’t believe I invited you to this party, but it was good of you to come anyway. It only makes festivities more enjoyable! I think you’ll give Jacob a good chance of testing himself. I was going to have him fight Renfield, but I’m sure you’ll provide much more of a challenge. You think you’re up for the challenge Jacob?”
“Sounds perfect to me.” The other figure says and steps closer, and just before he kicks you in the head, you could swear it looks like Van Helsing, but much younger.

“Sonofa…” you begin to say and then get your face kicked in, knocking you unconscious.

Time passes and you wake up in a cage with silver bars. You see the figure that kicked you in the face on the other side, it is Van Helsing…or someone that looks like him since his name was Abraham, not Jacob. You find out soon enough, when he begins to speak.

“Wolf, you’re up. Good. I’m anxious to test my new skills on you. Renfield certainly wouldn’t have been much of a challenge, but you should prove to be. Even my foolish grandfather couldn’t kill you. He couldn’t kill Dracula either, but then Dracula was always superior in everyway. I have no idea why he pursued such an idiotic quest of trying to kill Vampires, they really are the supreme life form on this planet and certainly the most lovely and sensual. Vladimir has shown me such pleasures since our time together.”
You shake your head and snicker. This must’ve been the “other” defeated enemy that Renfield was on about.
“So, that’s how it is now? The Van Helsing bloodline finally defeated not through violence, but through seduction? Never thought I’d see the day come. I had my problems with your family and especially your father, but I could at least respect their dedication. You’re a fucking disgrace kid.”
“On the contrary, I’m merely ensuring the survival of my family name. What was I supposed to do, carrying on some pointless family tradition of monster hunting, and get myself killed? Fuck that. I want to live forever.”
“Yeah? Well you can scratch that plan, because when I get a hold of you, you’re going to be wishing you hadn’t turned into a fucking bloodsucker.”
“(Sigh) Yes, Vladimir told me you were always one to make unimaginative threats, I’ll be more interested in hearing your howls of pain though, see you soon.”

As Jacob leaves you to your cage. You hear another voice in the room.

“So…Vlad has now eliminated all his enemies, I guess I always knew he’d succeed.”

You see another holding cell, but one made of some kind of heavy duty unbreakable see-through plastic. The top of it has a ton of garlic hanging from it. Sitting and looking utterly defeated is an ugly distorted looking humanoid, who is yet another face you’re amazed to see. This revenge trip has just been one surprise after another.

“Orlock? Heard you were dead.” you say.
“I wish I was, unfortunately Dracula insists on keeping me alive…feeding me rats…tormenting me…reminding me of my shameful defeat by his hands…I’m proud of him.”
“You’re happy that he’s torturing you? Sheesh, all you Undead are fucking masochists.”
“I’m not happy that he’s torturing me you ignorant dog, I’m happy that he’s proven to be so ruthless, despite his foppish ways. I must admit I had my doubts about him when I first created him.”
“Yeah, I see that really worked out well for you.”
“(Sigh) True. But it’s my own fault for having a soft spot for him I suppose. I should’ve been more watchful of him. You’ll be lucky, he’ll just kill you, or rather have his new conquest Jacob do it.”
“Nobody’s killing me, I’m getting the fuck outta here right now. These bars aren’t going to hold me.”
“Won’t that be difficult Wolf? Seeing that the bars are made of silver?”
“So fucking what? Doesn’t mean I can’t touch them! As long as the things aren’t going into my body they don’t mean shit! Thought you bloodsuckers knew that. See that’s the problem with you Vampires, always underestimating your enemies and being melodramatic. If Fagula and his bitch boys were smart they would’ve killed me when they had the chance. That’s what I would’ve done.”
“You and I actually have more in common than you think. We both are the last of the old ways. I must admit that I too would’ve killed you immediately, rather than toy with such a dangerous enemy.”

You ignore Orlock and concentrate on the bars. You easily pry the silver bars open and step out of the cage; you then rip one of the bars out to take with you. Orlock looks at you with interest.

“Why are you taking that?”
“Because unlike you Vampires, we Werewolves try to learn everything we can about our enemies. I know for a fact that silver hurts you fuckers too, though you guys like to try to keep that shit quiet.”
“Ah. Tis a shame we never clashed Wolf, you would’ve been a worthy opponent.”
“Yeah? Well when I kill Drac, I can come back to finish you off too.”
“Ha ha! Glad to see you have such confidence. However, if in the unlikely event that you do defeat Vlad, by all means come back and finish me off to put me out my misery. I would gladly welcome everlasting death at this point.”

You leave the room and find yourself in a corridor made of dull stone; you’re guessing you’re probably underground. Nobody’s around, but you can still hear the noise of the party above. You’re about to head back up when you hear a voice close by.

“Psst! Wolf! Over here! Quick!”

You turn around and at one end of the corridor you see Mary. Now what the fuck is SHE doing here?! You rush over to Mary.

“What the fuck are you doing here?” you ask.
“Trying to prevent you from getting yourself killed, you stubborn macho asshole! When the Wolflings returned to the studio, I asked them where you went, and they told me, so I went after you. What the hell did you think you were doing coming here to kill Dracula?”
“Just that! Kill his bloodsucking ass! How’d you sneak in here anyway?”
”I didn’t, I got an invitation about a month ago to the party, so when I arrived I was expected. Then I heard you were taken down here by some of the guests.”
“Oh I can see you and Drac are still chummy with each other, figures, all you Undead stick together. You’re probably here to help him not me!”
”Goddammit Wolf, will you stop being so fucking paranoid! I wasn’t even going to this thing; the only reason why I’m here is because of you! Because maybe you don’t want to believe it, but I do love you, you’ve always only been the one to make me feel complete. After all the searching and traveling and trying to discover myself, it was our time together that I always held dear to me and stayed in my mind. Please, Wolf don’t go through with this, we lost a lot of years already; now that we’ve been reunited I don’t want to lose you permanently. This is isn’t worth it. You don’t have to prove anything. I’m familiar with the secret passages in this place, we could leave right now without any trouble.”

Mary’s face does show expression of concern, and her voice does display worry. She may or may not be telling the truth. If she isn’t then she’s done a good job of fooling you. However, even if she is telling you the truth, there’s something else at stake here, namely your principles and pride. You’d really hate to run from Dracula, especially at this point.
> You kill Dracula
You stare deeply into Mary’s eyes, grab her and kiss her long and passionately.

“You’re going anyway aren’t you?” she says.
“I have to.”
“But why?! You know he’s going to use every dirty trick in the book, he’s not going to fight you man to man. He’ll throw all his followers at you first.”
“Good, it’s the only chance he’s got to level the playing field.”
“But you’re severely outnumbered.”
“Yeah, and they’re going to be overconfident like all those bloodsuckers are. And that I’m gonna beat ‘em, they keep underestimating me. Now you get out of here…don’t worry, we’ll see each other again. Just remember to make those changes in that movie of yours.”

Mary gives a weak smile, she doesn’t look convinced that she’ll see you again, but she realizes you have to go. Actually you’re not even sure you’re getting out of this alive, but this is something that you have to do, win or lose. You leave Mary to head back upstairs, while she goes off through one of those passages she was talking about.

As you’re heading up the twisting staircase, you run into Renfield, who was coming down to get you no doubt. His eyes widen in shock and he turns to run.

“MAST…” he begins to shout and you smash the back of his skull with one of the silver bars. You then turn him over.

“I’m not exactly sure what’s correct way of killing you Ghouls so I’m not going to take any chances.” You say placing your hands around his head and giving his neck a quick snap. He’s still alive, but now unable to move.

“You’ll never defeat the master!” he says defiantly.
“Yeah, yeah…” you say and shove your fist in his mouth to rip out his tongue. It takes some doing, but eventually you fish out the long slimy body part.
“I don’t even want to think about where this has been.” You say and throw it away.

As Renfield helplessly hisses at you, you plunge one of the silver bars through his chest. He begins to melt, he’d probably shriek if he could. When he quickly becomes nothing but bloody bones, you remove the skull and throw it into the wall where it shatters and take back your silver bar.

Renfield won’t be coming back.

You finally reach the ground floor again and follow the sounds of the party. The guests have already heard about what you did earlier, and when you run into a few of them in the hallway they give you some problems. Fortunately they’re a lot of flash and no substance. Three vampire guests attack and you quickly use your silver bar to smack them around. After knocking them all to the ground, you disable one by breaking his neck, while you’re doing that, one of them attacks you from behind where upon you grab and flip him into a small table which splinters into pieces. He tries to get back up, but you kick him in the face, grab one of the table legs and shove it into his chest.

Your last would be attacker seeing what you’ve done runs off. You shake your head.

“Sheesh, what happened to the days when you bloodsuckers actually put up a good fight?” you say and shove another table leg into the chest of the vampire whose neck you just broke.

Your little rumble in the hallway has most definitely been heard, but the rest of your journey to the ballroom continues with no other interruptions. Upon your arrival, the rest of the guests just watch you. Dracula lounges on a fancy couch on the far side of the room while his followers to grovel over him, Jacob being the most fawning.

“So is Jacob going to be the next Renfield?” you shout which gets you his attention and a very hostile look from Jacob.
“Ah Wolf, you’ve arrived. Where is Renfield anyway, I sent him to fetch you. I do hope you didn’t hurt him too badly.” Dracula, says without even looking at you.
“I regret to inform you that your favorite jizz jar is no longer among the living or the undead. He’s just plain dead.”
“(Sigh) Ah well, it was bound to happen eventually, but still I will miss his…enthusiasm. But this is no time to morn past losses, tonight is a time of celebration! Jacob, a member of the Van Helsing family. The mortal enemies of vampires everywhere, and the source of the notorious Abraham Van Helsing, who nearly ended my life. A family of murderers, yet Jacob has abandoned his homicidal family tradition and become one of us, proving that even the most implacable of foes can one day become friends…and more.” Dracula says giving Jacob a lecherous stare, but then finally looks over in your direction and his demeanor changes to that of anger as he points at you the whole time.
“But some foes always remain. These types are the OLD, the JEALOUS, the BITTER, and the HATEFUL that are so miserable with their own pathetic existence that they feel they must ruin other people’s happiness to make themselves feel better. This…this ANIMAL that stands before us is attempting to do just that! He is the pinnacle example of everything that’s wrong with his kind! The animals have always been jealous of us, and that will never change. Every now and then when a dog runs wild, it becomes necessary to slap it down and put it back in its place, but there are other times when it becomes rabid and needs to be destroyed. And that’s what you are Wolf and rabid dog that’s too stupid to know when to bow before your masters. Jacob, prove your love for me, destroy this animal.”
“With pleasure.” Jacob says to Dracula and steps towards you baring his fangs.
> You fight offensively
You charge at Jacob with your silver bar, but you miss and he swiftly grabs it from you. You turn around and he smashes you in the face with it, knocking you to the ground. You attempt to get back up, but shoves the bar into your stomach with a great force, knocking the wind and fight completely out of you. You cough up blood as Jacob stands over you.

“Maybe my father failed to kill you, but I won’t. Time to put you to sleep little doggy.” Jacob says and then pulls out a pistol and shoots you in the head with silver bullets.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You stare deeply into Mary’s eyes, grab her and kiss her long and passionately.

“You’re going anyway aren’t you?” she says.
“I have to.”
“But why?! You know he’s going to use every dirty trick in the book, he’s not going to fight you man to man. He’ll throw all his followers at you first.”
“Good, it’s the only chance he’s got to level the playing field.”
“But you’re severely outnumbered.”
“Yeah, and they’re going to be overconfident like all those bloodsuckers are. And that I’m gonna beat ‘em, they keep underestimating me. Now you get out of here…don’t worry, we’ll see each other again. Just remember to make those changes in that movie of yours.”

Mary gives a weak smile, she doesn’t look convinced that she’ll see you again, but she realizes you have to go. Actually you’re not even sure you’re getting out of this alive, but this is something that you have to do, win or lose. You leave Mary to head back upstairs, while she goes off through one of those passages she was talking about.

As you’re heading up the twisting staircase, you run into Renfield, who was coming down to get you no doubt. His eyes widen in shock and he turns to run.

“MAST…” he begins to shout and you smash the back of his skull with one of the silver bars. You then turn him over.

“I’m not exactly sure what’s correct way of killing you Ghouls so I’m not going to take any chances.” You say placing your hands around his head and giving his neck a quick snap. He’s still alive, but now unable to move.

“You’ll never defeat the master!” he says defiantly.
“Yeah, yeah…” you say and shove your fist in his mouth to rip out his tongue. It takes some doing, but eventually you fish out the long slimy body part.
“I don’t even want to think about where this has been.” You say and throw it away.

As Renfield helplessly hisses at you, you plunge one of the silver bars through his chest. He begins to melt, he’d probably shriek if he could. When he quickly becomes nothing but bloody bones, you remove the skull and throw it into the wall where it shatters and take back your silver bar.

Renfield won’t be coming back.

You finally reach the ground floor again and follow the sounds of the party. The guests have already heard about what you did earlier, and when you run into a few of them in the hallway they give you some problems. Fortunately they’re a lot of flash and no substance. Three vampire guests attack and you quickly use your silver bar to smack them around. After knocking them all to the ground, you disable one by breaking his neck, while you’re doing that, one of them attacks you from behind where upon you grab and flip him into a small table which splinters into pieces. He tries to get back up, but you kick him in the face, grab one of the table legs and shove it into his chest.

Your last would be attacker seeing what you’ve done runs off. You shake your head.

“Sheesh, what happened to the days when you bloodsuckers actually put up a good fight?” you say and shove another table leg into the chest of the vampire whose neck you just broke.

Your little rumble in the hallway has most definitely been heard, but the rest of your journey to the ballroom continues with no other interruptions. Upon your arrival, the rest of the guests just watch you. Dracula lounges on a fancy couch on the far side of the room while his followers to grovel over him, Jacob being the most fawning.

“So is Jacob going to be the next Renfield?” you shout which gets you his attention and a very hostile look from Jacob.
“Ah Wolf, you’ve arrived. Where is Renfield anyway, I sent him to fetch you. I do hope you didn’t hurt him too badly.” Dracula, says without even looking at you.
“I regret to inform you that your favorite jizz jar is no longer among the living or the undead. He’s just plain dead.”
“(Sigh) Ah well, it was bound to happen eventually, but still I will miss his…enthusiasm. But this is no time to morn past losses, tonight is a time of celebration! Jacob, a member of the Van Helsing family. The mortal enemies of vampires everywhere, and the source of the notorious Abraham Van Helsing, who nearly ended my life. A family of murderers, yet Jacob has abandoned his homicidal family tradition and become one of us, proving that even the most implacable of foes can one day become friends…and more.” Dracula says giving Jacob a lecherous stare, but then finally looks over in your direction and his demeanor changes to that of anger as he points at you the whole time.
“But some foes always remain. These types are the OLD, the JEALOUS, the BITTER, and the HATEFUL that are so miserable with their own pathetic existence that they feel they must ruin other people’s happiness to make themselves feel better. This…this ANIMAL that stands before us is attempting to do just that! He is the pinnacle example of everything that’s wrong with his kind! The animals have always been jealous of us, and that will never change. Every now and then when a dog runs wild, it becomes necessary to slap it down and put it back in its place, but there are other times when it becomes rabid and needs to be destroyed. And that’s what you are Wolf and rabid dog that’s too stupid to know when to bow before your masters. Jacob, prove your love for me, destroy this animal.”
“With pleasure.” Jacob says to Dracula and steps towards you baring his fangs.
> You fight defensively
Normally you aren’t one to fight defensively, however in this case it’s to your advantage. Jacob is eager to prove himself to Dracula and overconfident in his abilities.

Jacob rushes at you and you trip him to the floor. As he attempts get up you impale him through the back with the silver bar. He screams in pain, but it looks like you missed his heart, he back kicks you in the nuts before scrambling to get up.

While you recover, Jacob pulls the bar out of his back and throws it at your head which you dodge. With a burst of speed, he leaps next to you and punches you three times in the face, the fourth time however his hand goes into your open mouth. You sink your fangs in, grab his arm and pull back with your head as hard as possible, biting it off at the forearm. Jacob reels back in shock as he stares in horror at his spurting bloody stump. You spit out the gory limb which flops on the floor. You quickly pick up your silver bar from the ground. The crowd looks on in captivated awe.

“Well looks like I get to kill two Van Helsings, that’s already one more than Fagula over there. Though I have to say, your father put up a better fight and he was only human. You sure you weren’t adopted? You put up a poor showing boy, even for an overgrown leech.”
“You dare call me a leech you fucking animal?! You haven’t won, look at what I found here!” Jacob reaches into vest pocket with his one good arm and pulls out a pistol. You already know what it’s loaded with.

He fires haphazardly at you, while you roll out of the way. Luckily he’s as bad of a shot as his father was. Guests start running out of the way after a few silver bullets start hitting them. He doesn’t care, who he hits, he’s too busy trying to make sure one of the bullets hits you.

“I won’t fail where my father did, I will kill you! I WILL KILL HIM!” he screams. Of course in the chaos of everyone running around he doesn’t seem to realize you’ve appeared behind him.

“Wrong again junior.” You say, turning him around and shoving the silver bar cruelly through his chest, hearing that satisfying crack of his upper ribs and the squishy sound of the bar hitting his heart.

He falls to the ground dropping his pistol and clutching the bar which you dig in deeper as he starts to melt.

“When you get to hell, say hello to your dad for me…and I sincerely hope he and the rest of the dead Van Helsing clan kicks your pansy ass for all eternity you fucking traitor.”

As he releases one last death screech, you rip his head off and throw it at Dracula who hasn’t left his couch. He just looks at the melted skull and shrugs while you take your silver bar and prepare for the final battle.

“Well I see your skills haven’t deteriorated, but there has been a great deal of luck involved here tonight as well. Unfortunately, you’ll find that your luck has run out. Do you actually think I’m going to dirty my hands on an animal such as you? Please. It wouldn’t be a contest anyway. My guests, I now give you the honor of fighting for me! That fool Van Helsing obviously wasn’t worthy of my love, but for any of you that lands the killing blow on this mangy dog, you shall know the pleasures that only I can show you.”
“You gotta be fuckin’ kidding me Vlad! That’s supposed to be an honor? You’re just trying to get out of this shit because you’re fucking scared.” Im-Ho-Tep pipes up from the back ground.
“Stay outta this Tep!” Dracula exclaims.
“Hey, I’m not in this little feud, but I’m calling it like I see it. You’re not willing to fight an old and tired Werewolf who’s supposed to be inferior to you anyway? Now you do whatever, but if you’re seriously going to let your followers do your dirty work, then you really are a big pussy.”

There’s a moment of silence as Dracula looks at Tep and then back over at you. He stares at you and then…

“KILL HIM MY CHILDREN OF THE NIGHT!” Dracula commands
“Goddammit I knew it!” you say to yourself.

You hear Tep shout over the crowd.

“Sorry Wolf I thought he’d go for it!”

As the crowd of vampires, ghouls and human servants advance on you, you think about how many you can take out before they finally get you. Just then it looks like Drac was wrong, your luck hasn’t run out yet. Werewolves crash through the windows, and attack! They look like the ones from the studio! Then Mary comes rushing into the room smashing a Ghoul in the head, and stands fighting by your side while you fight off an attacking vampire.

“Mary! What’re you still doing here?! And how’d you get them to help?” you shout, twisting the vampire’s head completely around.
“You didn’t think I came here by myself did you? I figured you’d insist on killing Drac. So I had the Wolflings come with me and told them to stay back until the appointed time.”
“But how?! I tried to get them to come and they didn’t listen to me! And I’m a fucking Werewolf!”
“Well, I’m a people person, while you’re mean old bastard, so of course they’d be more willing to listen to me. Plus I told them about how you paved the way for all of them and how they should be grateful.”
“You told them you were going to replace them with human actors in furry suits didn’t you?”
“Well…yeah, but that doesn’t mean the other stuff didn’t work either! Ugh! These ghouls aren’t very study are they?” Mary says putting her fist right through the face of one of them.

“Hey Wolf, I hate to interrupt, but Vlad just went running down that corridor when your wolf pack arrived. I think you better go catch him. Oh hey Mary, I haven’t seen you for awhile, how have you been?” Tep says shuffling up to the both of you.
“Tep! I was just thinking about you the other day! I’ve been alright, how about you?”

While Mary and Tep bizarrely exchange pleasantries in the chaos of battle you head down the corridor that Tep pointed out with your silver bar. Eventually it leads into a study of some sort. You cautiously enter, but you’re immediately ambushed and thrown into a bookcase hard which then falls on you.

“It ends here Wolf.” You hear Drac say as you crawl from underneath the bookcase.
> Back up and recover
You scramble for the silver bar and try to back away, but Dracula won’t allow you the chance to regain your strength. He rips the bar from your hands and hits you with it. You claw him across the face and get him in bear like hug so he can’t get enough momentum to shove the bar into you, but he’s got something different in mind.

“Fucking animals like you need collars!” he says and wraps the bar around your neck! As your airway becomes constricted, you release Drac who then takes complete advantage and gets behind you and tightens the twisted silver even more eventually choking you out.

A few minutes later you wake up before Tep and Mary who’s taken the silver bar from around your neck.

“Wolf?! Are you alive? Speak to me!” Mary says.
“(Cough! Cough!) Yeah…shit…(Cough!) What the fuck happened?”
“Well looks like old Drac got the drop on you and tried to strangle you. Guess he didn’t do a very good job though since you’re still alive. He ran off though; don’t know where he went, probably to one of his other homes. Well, I guess this makes it a bit of a tie. I guess nobody collects the bet. Though I still think you would’ve won in a fair fight.” Tep says.

“Ah shit, I gotta (Cough!) track his ass down, gather up the Wolflings…and…”
”NO! You’ll do no such thing! Most of the Wolflings are dead, and YOU almost died tonight too! I’m not having you risk that again over this foolishness! You’re coming home with me right now!”

Mary takes you back to her place where you rest up. You still want to go after Dracula, but Mary is very convincing and eventually you give up on it and work on her movie (Which was rewritten) instead.

As for Dracula you don’t hear from him ever again, obviously he knows it was a close call and doesn’t want to risk another battle with you.

Still it always pisses you off that it was a “tie”.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Normally you aren’t one to fight defensively, however in this case it’s to your advantage. Jacob is eager to prove himself to Dracula and overconfident in his abilities.

Jacob rushes at you and you trip him to the floor. As he attempts get up you impale him through the back with the silver bar. He screams in pain, but it looks like you missed his heart, he back kicks you in the nuts before scrambling to get up.

While you recover, Jacob pulls the bar out of his back and throws it at your head which you dodge. With a burst of speed, he leaps next to you and punches you three times in the face, the fourth time however his hand goes into your open mouth. You sink your fangs in, grab his arm and pull back with your head as hard as possible, biting it off at the forearm. Jacob reels back in shock as he stares in horror at his spurting bloody stump. You spit out the gory limb which flops on the floor. You quickly pick up your silver bar from the ground. The crowd looks on in captivated awe.

“Well looks like I get to kill two Van Helsings, that’s already one more than Fagula over there. Though I have to say, your father put up a better fight and he was only human. You sure you weren’t adopted? You put up a poor showing boy, even for an overgrown leech.”
“You dare call me a leech you fucking animal?! You haven’t won, look at what I found here!” Jacob reaches into vest pocket with his one good arm and pulls out a pistol. You already know what it’s loaded with.

He fires haphazardly at you, while you roll out of the way. Luckily he’s as bad of a shot as his father was. Guests start running out of the way after a few silver bullets start hitting them. He doesn’t care, who he hits, he’s too busy trying to make sure one of the bullets hits you.

“I won’t fail where my father did, I will kill you! I WILL KILL HIM!” he screams. Of course in the chaos of everyone running around he doesn’t seem to realize you’ve appeared behind him.

“Wrong again junior.” You say, turning him around and shoving the silver bar cruelly through his chest, hearing that satisfying crack of his upper ribs and the squishy sound of the bar hitting his heart.

He falls to the ground dropping his pistol and clutching the bar which you dig in deeper as he starts to melt.

“When you get to hell, say hello to your dad for me…and I sincerely hope he and the rest of the dead Van Helsing clan kicks your pansy ass for all eternity you fucking traitor.”

As he releases one last death screech, you rip his head off and throw it at Dracula who hasn’t left his couch. He just looks at the melted skull and shrugs while you take your silver bar and prepare for the final battle.

“Well I see your skills haven’t deteriorated, but there has been a great deal of luck involved here tonight as well. Unfortunately, you’ll find that your luck has run out. Do you actually think I’m going to dirty my hands on an animal such as you? Please. It wouldn’t be a contest anyway. My guests, I now give you the honor of fighting for me! That fool Van Helsing obviously wasn’t worthy of my love, but for any of you that lands the killing blow on this mangy dog, you shall know the pleasures that only I can show you.”
“You gotta be fuckin’ kidding me Vlad! That’s supposed to be an honor? You’re just trying to get out of this shit because you’re fucking scared.” Im-Ho-Tep pipes up from the back ground.
“Stay outta this Tep!” Dracula exclaims.
“Hey, I’m not in this little feud, but I’m calling it like I see it. You’re not willing to fight an old and tired Werewolf who’s supposed to be inferior to you anyway? Now you do whatever, but if you’re seriously going to let your followers do your dirty work, then you really are a big pussy.”

There’s a moment of silence as Dracula looks at Tep and then back over at you. He stares at you and then…

“KILL HIM MY CHILDREN OF THE NIGHT!” Dracula commands
“Goddammit I knew it!” you say to yourself.

You hear Tep shout over the crowd.

“Sorry Wolf I thought he’d go for it!”

As the crowd of vampires, ghouls and human servants advance on you, you think about how many you can take out before they finally get you. Just then it looks like Drac was wrong, your luck hasn’t run out yet. Werewolves crash through the windows, and attack! They look like the ones from the studio! Then Mary comes rushing into the room smashing a Ghoul in the head, and stands fighting by your side while you fight off an attacking vampire.

“Mary! What’re you still doing here?! And how’d you get them to help?” you shout, twisting the vampire’s head completely around.
“You didn’t think I came here by myself did you? I figured you’d insist on killing Drac. So I had the Wolflings come with me and told them to stay back until the appointed time.”
“But how?! I tried to get them to come and they didn’t listen to me! And I’m a fucking Werewolf!”
“Well, I’m a people person, while you’re mean old bastard, so of course they’d be more willing to listen to me. Plus I told them about how you paved the way for all of them and how they should be grateful.”
“You told them you were going to replace them with human actors in furry suits didn’t you?”
“Well…yeah, but that doesn’t mean the other stuff didn’t work either! Ugh! These ghouls aren’t very study are they?” Mary says putting her fist right through the face of one of them.

“Hey Wolf, I hate to interrupt, but Vlad just went running down that corridor when your wolf pack arrived. I think you better go catch him. Oh hey Mary, I haven’t seen you for awhile, how have you been?” Tep says shuffling up to the both of you.
“Tep! I was just thinking about you the other day! I’ve been alright, how about you?”

While Mary and Tep bizarrely exchange pleasantries in the chaos of battle you head down the corridor that Tep pointed out with your silver bar. Eventually it leads into a study of some sort. You cautiously enter, but you’re immediately ambushed and thrown into a bookcase hard which then falls on you.

“It ends here Wolf.” You hear Drac say as you crawl from underneath the bookcase.
> You attack!
You stagger over to attack Drac, but he dodges and throws you into another wall. You slam to the floor landing behind a desk.

“You think you could come here to defeat me? You’re a fucking loser Wolf! You always will be! You know why? Because you don’t have any style or class! You should be thanking me for putting an end to your miserable existence! I think I’ll take some revenge on Mary too, since she felt the need to help you…”

While he’s making dramatic villainous speeches you were searching the drawers in the desk and found a very sharp letter opener. You pop up from behind the desk and throw it at Drac, hitting him directly in the eye!

“ARRRGH! MY EYE!” he bellows while pulling the opener out taking the bloody orb with it. You then lift up the entire desk and throw it at him! It crashes into his body, knocking him onto the floor. You grab your silver bar from the floor and prepare to do some more permanent harm to Drac, but he lifts the desk off of himself, before you can take advantage.

“You’re going to pay for this you lowly dog!” he shouts and kicks the bar from your hand. He then kicks you in the stomach and brings both of his fists down on your head when you hunch over from the stomach kick. You take the opportunity to grab him by the legs and in a fireman carry, you run straight forward with him over your back, out the window!

Both of your bodies crash and fall to the outside courtyard ground, broken glass embeds itself in both of your bodies, but mostly Drac’s. He pushes you off of him and retreats. You don’t give up your attack and tackle him, and bite deep into his leg. He kicks you with the other foot, but not before you tear off his leg from the bottom of the shin. Blood splatters all over the place.

At this point Drac is too enraged to run and grabs hold of you and bites you deep in the neck! You feel the energy rapidly leaving you.
> You try to pull his heart out
Pulling someone’s heart out is never as easy as it appears in the movies, but you muster up all your strength and plunge your fist into Drac’s chest. He winces in pain, but continues to drain your blood. You break through the rib cage until you feel that squishy four chambered organ in your clutches.

As your energy and life begin to ebb you pull it out and crush it into a bloody mess right before his eyes. He then begins to smoke suddenly. The sun! Its morning! You’ve been here so long you completely forgot about the passage of time.

“Looks like it’s the end for both of us bloodsucker, but I’m making sure I live an extra minute longer to see you die first.” You say and collapse.

Drac falls into a weird death spasm, and crawls in a hopeless escape attempt, but there is no escape. If the destruction of his heart didn’t kill him the sun certainly does. He shrieks as his body becomes a flaming torch and spectacularly explodes. At this point Mary, Tep and some of the remaining Wolflings rush outside to see what’s going on. Mary immediately rushes to you.

“Wolf! No!” Mary shouts holding you. She’d probably shed tears if she was capable.
“Is he dead?” you ask.
“Yeah, Wolf he’s dead. You killed him. I always knew you’d be able to do it.” Tep says.
“Good, now I can die happy now.”
“No! I don’t want you to die! Why couldn’t you have just come with me?!”
“I’m sorry Mary, but this is the way it had to be. I wasn’t meant to live a regular life. I wasn’t supposed to get old. I was supposed to die in combat…and I have…there’s nothing else for me here now. Its time for me to leave this world that no longer wants me.”
“I’m here! I want you with me!”

You smile weakly and grab her hand tightly.

“I would if I could…just remember the good times Mary…and thank you for what you did tonight…I know that you did truly love me…just remember to burn my body, I don’t want to take the chance of coming back as one of these leeches.”

You feel darkness envelop as Mary holds you close.
“Tep, one thing before I leave.”
“What’s that Wolf?”
“When you collect your money from Erik, kick his fucking ass for betting against me!”

You close your eyes and then nothing.

After a brief period of mourning, Mary follows your last orders and burns your body. A few months later she writes a book about you and ultimately makes a movie about your final battle with Dracula, it’s a blockbuster hit. The movie is also dedicated in loving memory of you.

Mary makes sure the legacy of the Alpha Wolf lives on…<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You stagger over to attack Drac, but he dodges and throws you into another wall. You slam to the floor landing behind a desk.

“You think you could come here to defeat me? You’re a fucking loser Wolf! You always will be! You know why? Because you don’t have any style or class! You should be thanking me for putting an end to your miserable existence! I think I’ll take some revenge on Mary too, since she felt the need to help you…”

While he’s making dramatic villainous speeches you were searching the drawers in the desk and found a very sharp letter opener. You pop up from behind the desk and throw it at Drac, hitting him directly in the eye!

“ARRRGH! MY EYE!” he bellows while pulling the opener out taking the bloody orb with it. You then lift up the entire desk and throw it at him! It crashes into his body, knocking him onto the floor. You grab your silver bar from the floor and prepare to do some more permanent harm to Drac, but he lifts the desk off of himself, before you can take advantage.

“You’re going to pay for this you lowly dog!” he shouts and kicks the bar from your hand. He then kicks you in the stomach and brings both of his fists down on your head when you hunch over from the stomach kick. You take the opportunity to grab him by the legs and in a fireman carry, you run straight forward with him over your back, out the window!

Both of your bodies crash and fall to the outside courtyard ground, broken glass embeds itself in both of your bodies, but mostly Drac’s. He pushes you off of him and retreats. You don’t give up your attack and tackle him, and bite deep into his leg. He kicks you with the other foot, but not before you tear off his leg from the bottom of the shin. Blood splatters all over the place.

At this point Drac is too enraged to run and grabs hold of you and bites you deep in the neck! You feel the energy rapidly leaving you.
> You punch him in the face
You have to get him off of you NOW! You immediately smash him in the face as hard as you can, and then again, and then again, and then again; finally he releases his grip and falls to the ground while you retreat a bit trying to shake the dizziness from the loss of blood.

Drac having gained a little more strength from his quick meal makes an escape attempt by transforming into a bat.

“Oh fuck no, you’re not getting away that easy!” you grab a nearby stone and throw it, smacking him out of the air. He falls to the ground in a bloody heap and transforms back into humanoid form. You run over and kick him repeatedly in the head and then starts smashing the back of his skull into the pavement until blood and brains come leaking out. Drac begins to beg for mercy.

“Wolf! Stop! I give up! Please! Surely you as a man of honor can see that you’ve defeated me and will show mercy!”

You nearly shit yourself laughing.

“I’m afraid I can’t do that since as you were so fondly reminding me…I’m a fucking dog and like any good dog when we smell fear, we go in for the kill!” you say amused.

Dracula, sensing this truly is the end for him attempts a different approach.

“Very well you fucking animal! Kill me! But know this! You’ll never be as famous as me! People shall always remember me even after my death! My fame and name will still live on long after you’re rotting in a pet cemetery!”
“…maybe…maybe you’re right…but you won’t be around to enjoy it!” you say and break his back over your knee and clamp your jaws around Drac’s throat ripping it out. He clutches at his new gruesome tracheotomy and then begins to smoke suddenly. The Sun! Its morning! You’ve been here so long you completely forgot about the passage of time.

You finish ripping off Drac’s head and then hold it up high to the sunlight and howl in victory. Then it burns up and explodes, (Along with the body) injuring you and knocking you to the ground.

You brush yourself off and remind yourself never to do that again! Meanwhile Mary, Tep and a few of the surviving Wolflings come outside to see what’s going on.

“Wolf are you alright?!” Mary asks.
“Yeah I’m fine, told you we’d see each other again.” You say and kiss her.
“Well Wolf, I guess this makes you the winner, looks like Erik owes me a thousand dollars.” Tep replies looking at the ashes blowing all over the courtyard.
“Yeah and I owe Erik an ass whipping for betting against me in the first place!”
“Well I’m just glad you’re alive and it’s over.” Mary says.
“Not quite, there’s still one more loose end I need to take care of, but it shouldn’t take long…”

You head back down to the basement; Count Orlock is still lying slumped in the corner of his cell. He looks up when he sees you come in with your silver bar.

“You’re back…so I guess this means Vlad is dead?”
“Got it in one bloodsucker.”
“(Sigh) Such a shameful defeat. He deserved much better…but then so did I…let’s get this over with. The lever to open this cell is over there.”

You pull the lever and the cell opens. Count Orlock stand before you completely still as you approach. You expect him to put up some kind of resistance, but he doesn’t. He looks resigned and actually relieved to accept his fate. You plunge the bar into his chest.

“At last my torment is at an end.” He says before you take his head.

It is done. All loose ends have been taken care of. You go back outside and meet back up with Mary.

After resting up (And participating in some less restful “activity” with Mary) you agree to work on the new movie that Mary has decided to do instead. Namely a movie based on your battle with Dracula. Of course most of the true story is changed around and a bunch of young monsters are all cast in the roles. (Mary even got an Aztec mummy to portray Tep) you don’t really mind not getting to play “yourself” though, you understand that youth sells better, besides it’s a lot easier sitting on your ass and just raking in the money from the movie since it turns out to be a big blockbuster hit. Perhaps Dracula’s name will always been more well known, but yours will always be known as the one who killed him and that’s certainly something you don’t mind being remembered best for.

You live out the rest of your life with Mary, your days of battle finally behind you, but confident in your knowledge that you have made a permanent impact on the world.

Your legacy as the Alpha Wolf is secured in history.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You push your way through the crowd and head towards where Renfield was lurking about. He isn’t far, you can smell him. You follow a long corridor and then turn the corner to see Renfield hobbling down another passage, you quickly knock him to the floor, turn him over and kneel on his chest. He attempts to struggle, but you’re still too strong for him.

“Well, well, well, I’m surprised your faggot master still keeps you around. Shit, you smell terrible, I suppose along with your flesh rotting, and lousy hygiene in general, all those ass rammings have taken a toll on you eh? Where the hell is he?”
”You! You’ve always been jealous of the master! Jealous of his wealth, his style and his beauty! You’re nothing, but a lowly animal!”
“For someone who gets abused in every possible way, has no self respect, and is a filthy Ghoul, I wouldn’t be calling anyone a lowly animal. And you’re not really in the position to be pissing me off anyway. Now where the fuck is Fagula?”
“The master is going enjoy killing you, especially tonight! Now he’ll be able to claim victory over TWO of his greatest enemies!”
“What the hell are you blathering about?”
“Oh you’ll find out…” Renfield smiles with a set of blacken teeth.
“Yeah whatever, look last chance to…”

Suddenly you feel a powerful crushing blow to the back of your head. It isn’t enough to knock you out, but you fall off of Renfield and roll over feeling very woozy. In your bleary vision you can make out the form of that cocksucker Dracula standing over you. Another figure stands there as well, you don’t know who they are, but they look somewhat familiar.

“Wolf, I don’t believe I invited you to this party, but it was good of you to come anyway. It only makes festivities more enjoyable! I think you’ll give Jacob a good chance of testing himself. I was going to have him fight Renfield, but I’m sure you’ll provide much more of a challenge. You think you’re up for the challenge Jacob?”
“Sounds perfect to me.” The other figure says and steps closer, and just before he kicks you in the head, you could swear it looks like Van Helsing, but much younger.

“Sonofa…” you begin to say and then get your face kicked in, knocking you unconscious.

Time passes and you wake up in a cage with silver bars. You see the figure that kicked you in the face on the other side, it is Van Helsing…or someone that looks like him since his name was Abraham, not Jacob. You find out soon enough, when he begins to speak.

“Wolf, you’re up. Good. I’m anxious to test my new skills on you. Renfield certainly wouldn’t have been much of a challenge, but you should prove to be. Even my foolish grandfather couldn’t kill you. He couldn’t kill Dracula either, but then Dracula was always superior in everyway. I have no idea why he pursued such an idiotic quest of trying to kill Vampires, they really are the supreme life form on this planet and certainly the most lovely and sensual. Vladimir has shown me such pleasures since our time together.”
You shake your head and snicker. This must’ve been the “other” defeated enemy that Renfield was on about.
“So, that’s how it is now? The Van Helsing bloodline finally defeated not through violence, but through seduction? Never thought I’d see the day come. I had my problems with your family and especially your father, but I could at least respect their dedication. You’re a fucking disgrace kid.”
“On the contrary, I’m merely ensuring the survival of my family name. What was I supposed to do, carrying on some pointless family tradition of monster hunting, and get myself killed? Fuck that. I want to live forever.”
“Yeah? Well you can scratch that plan, because when I get a hold of you, you’re going to be wishing you hadn’t turned into a fucking bloodsucker.”
“(Sigh) Yes, Vladimir told me you were always one to make unimaginative threats, I’ll be more interested in hearing your howls of pain though, see you soon.”

As Jacob leaves you to your cage. You hear another voice in the room.

“So…Vlad has now eliminated all his enemies, I guess I always knew he’d succeed.”

You see another holding cell, but one made of some kind of heavy duty unbreakable see-through plastic. The top of it has a ton of garlic hanging from it. Sitting and looking utterly defeated is an ugly distorted looking humanoid, who is yet another face you’re amazed to see. This revenge trip has just been one surprise after another.

“Orlock? Heard you were dead.” you say.
“I wish I was, unfortunately Dracula insists on keeping me alive…feeding me rats…tormenting me…reminding me of my shameful defeat by his hands…I’m proud of him.”
“You’re happy that he’s torturing you? Sheesh, all you Undead are fucking masochists.”
“I’m not happy that he’s torturing me you ignorant dog, I’m happy that he’s proven to be so ruthless, despite his foppish ways. I must admit I had my doubts about him when I first created him.”
“Yeah, I see that really worked out well for you.”
“(Sigh) True. But it’s my own fault for having a soft spot for him I suppose. I should’ve been more watchful of him. You’ll be lucky, he’ll just kill you, or rather have his new conquest Jacob do it.”
“Nobody’s killing me, I’m getting the fuck outta here right now. These bars aren’t going to hold me.”
“Won’t that be difficult Wolf? Seeing that the bars are made of silver?”
“So fucking what? Doesn’t mean I can’t touch them! As long as the things aren’t going into my body they don’t mean shit! Thought you bloodsuckers knew that. See that’s the problem with you Vampires, always underestimating your enemies and being melodramatic. If Fagula and his bitch boys were smart they would’ve killed me when they had the chance. That’s what I would’ve done.”
“You and I actually have more in common than you think. We both are the last of the old ways. I must admit that I too would’ve killed you immediately, rather than toy with such a dangerous enemy.”

You ignore Orlock and concentrate on the bars. You easily pry the silver bars open and step out of the cage; you then rip one of the bars out to take with you. Orlock looks at you with interest.

“Why are you taking that?”
“Because unlike you Vampires, we Werewolves try to learn everything we can about our enemies. I know for a fact that silver hurts you fuckers too, though you guys like to try to keep that shit quiet.”
“Ah. Tis a shame we never clashed Wolf, you would’ve been a worthy opponent.”
“Yeah? Well when I kill Drac, I can come back to finish you off too.”
“Ha ha! Glad to see you have such confidence. However, if in the unlikely event that you do defeat Vlad, by all means come back and finish me off to put me out my misery. I would gladly welcome everlasting death at this point.”

You leave the room and find yourself in a corridor made of dull stone; you’re guessing you’re probably underground. Nobody’s around, but you can still hear the noise of the party above. You’re about to head back up when you hear a voice close by.

“Psst! Wolf! Over here! Quick!”

You turn around and at one end of the corridor you see Mary. Now what the fuck is SHE doing here?! You rush over to Mary.

“What the fuck are you doing here?” you ask.
“Trying to prevent you from getting yourself killed, you stubborn macho asshole! When the Wolflings returned to the studio, I asked them where you went, and they told me, so I went after you. What the hell did you think you were doing coming here to kill Dracula?”
“Just that! Kill his bloodsucking ass! How’d you sneak in here anyway?”
”I didn’t, I got an invitation about a month ago to the party, so when I arrived I was expected. Then I heard you were taken down here by some of the guests.”
“Oh I can see you and Drac are still chummy with each other, figures, all you Undead stick together. You’re probably here to help him not me!”
”Goddammit Wolf, will you stop being so fucking paranoid! I wasn’t even going to this thing; the only reason why I’m here is because of you! Because maybe you don’t want to believe it, but I do love you, you’ve always only been the one to make me feel complete. After all the searching and traveling and trying to discover myself, it was our time together that I always held dear to me and stayed in my mind. Please, Wolf don’t go through with this, we lost a lot of years already; now that we’ve been reunited I don’t want to lose you permanently. This is isn’t worth it. You don’t have to prove anything. I’m familiar with the secret passages in this place, we could leave right now without any trouble.”

Mary’s face does show expression of concern, and her voice does display worry. She may or may not be telling the truth. If she isn’t then she’s done a good job of fooling you. However, even if she is telling you the truth, there’s something else at stake here, namely your principles and pride. You’d really hate to run from Dracula, especially at this point.
> You memories (Van Helsing)
The Hunters: The Van Helsings

No group of humans ever actively caused as much trouble for the bloodsuckers than the Van Helsings. You’d actually like them, had they not hunted Werewolves as well.

The Van Helsing family had a long standing tradition of hunting Vampires, they eventually stretched out to hunt other monsters as well, but Vampires were always their main target. They first got their start sometime during the medieval ages and each generation just continued the tradition.

Oddly just as monsters had to adapt to the changing times, so did the Van Helsings. No longer could they just barge into a house and kill someone because they were a Vampire, indeed most of the people who were bitten by Vampires claimed it was consensual and there for the Van Helsings had no right to intrude on what two beings did in private. Subterfuge abounded as Vampires in high political offices or positions of power manipulated laws to encourage more “liberal” policies. This still did not deter the Van Helsing family, but it did cause disillusionment and less of them enthusiastically took up the tradition of monster hunting.

Abraham Van Helsing is probably the best known one for his continual hunt and battles with Dracula. Despite his best efforts he could never defeat him and ultimately lost all his friends and his life in the finally confrontation. (Yes, the movies like to give the “happy ending” to the tale, but reality is always much darker) His son Ishmael Van Helsing took up the mantle next, but fearing to follow in his father’s footsteps he didn’t pursue Dracula. Instead he hunted less powerful Vampires and other monsters, including you. There were a couple times he attempted to assassinate you, but the last time he tried, you managed to catch him and rip him limb from limb.

Jacob would be the next one to take up the mantel, but he showed little interest in it, and that would seem to be the end of Van Helsing tradition.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You push your way through the crowd and head towards where Renfield was lurking about. He isn’t far, you can smell him. You follow a long corridor and then turn the corner to see Renfield hobbling down another passage, you quickly knock him to the floor, turn him over and kneel on his chest. He attempts to struggle, but you’re still too strong for him.

“Well, well, well, I’m surprised your faggot master still keeps you around. Shit, you smell terrible, I suppose along with your flesh rotting, and lousy hygiene in general, all those ass rammings have taken a toll on you eh? Where the hell is he?”
”You! You’ve always been jealous of the master! Jealous of his wealth, his style and his beauty! You’re nothing, but a lowly animal!”
“For someone who gets abused in every possible way, has no self respect, and is a filthy Ghoul, I wouldn’t be calling anyone a lowly animal. And you’re not really in the position to be pissing me off anyway. Now where the fuck is Fagula?”
“The master is going enjoy killing you, especially tonight! Now he’ll be able to claim victory over TWO of his greatest enemies!”
“What the hell are you blathering about?”
“Oh you’ll find out…” Renfield smiles with a set of blacken teeth.
“Yeah whatever, look last chance to…”

Suddenly you feel a powerful crushing blow to the back of your head. It isn’t enough to knock you out, but you fall off of Renfield and roll over feeling very woozy. In your bleary vision you can make out the form of that cocksucker Dracula standing over you. Another figure stands there as well, you don’t know who they are, but they look somewhat familiar.

“Wolf, I don’t believe I invited you to this party, but it was good of you to come anyway. It only makes festivities more enjoyable! I think you’ll give Jacob a good chance of testing himself. I was going to have him fight Renfield, but I’m sure you’ll provide much more of a challenge. You think you’re up for the challenge Jacob?”
“Sounds perfect to me.” The other figure says and steps closer, and just before he kicks you in the head, you could swear it looks like Van Helsing, but much younger.

“Sonofa…” you begin to say and then get your face kicked in, knocking you unconscious.

Time passes and you wake up in a cage with silver bars. You see the figure that kicked you in the face on the other side, it is Van Helsing…or someone that looks like him since his name was Abraham, not Jacob. You find out soon enough, when he begins to speak.

“Wolf, you’re up. Good. I’m anxious to test my new skills on you. Renfield certainly wouldn’t have been much of a challenge, but you should prove to be. Even my foolish grandfather couldn’t kill you. He couldn’t kill Dracula either, but then Dracula was always superior in everyway. I have no idea why he pursued such an idiotic quest of trying to kill Vampires, they really are the supreme life form on this planet and certainly the most lovely and sensual. Vladimir has shown me such pleasures since our time together.”
You shake your head and snicker. This must’ve been the “other” defeated enemy that Renfield was on about.
“So, that’s how it is now? The Van Helsing bloodline finally defeated not through violence, but through seduction? Never thought I’d see the day come. I had my problems with your family and especially your father, but I could at least respect their dedication. You’re a fucking disgrace kid.”
“On the contrary, I’m merely ensuring the survival of my family name. What was I supposed to do, carrying on some pointless family tradition of monster hunting, and get myself killed? Fuck that. I want to live forever.”
“Yeah? Well you can scratch that plan, because when I get a hold of you, you’re going to be wishing you hadn’t turned into a fucking bloodsucker.”
“(Sigh) Yes, Vladimir told me you were always one to make unimaginative threats, I’ll be more interested in hearing your howls of pain though, see you soon.”

As Jacob leaves you to your cage. You hear another voice in the room.

“So…Vlad has now eliminated all his enemies, I guess I always knew he’d succeed.”

You see another holding cell, but one made of some kind of heavy duty unbreakable see-through plastic. The top of it has a ton of garlic hanging from it. Sitting and looking utterly defeated is an ugly distorted looking humanoid, who is yet another face you’re amazed to see. This revenge trip has just been one surprise after another.

“Orlock? Heard you were dead.” you say.
“I wish I was, unfortunately Dracula insists on keeping me alive…feeding me rats…tormenting me…reminding me of my shameful defeat by his hands…I’m proud of him.”
“You’re happy that he’s torturing you? Sheesh, all you Undead are fucking masochists.”
“I’m not happy that he’s torturing me you ignorant dog, I’m happy that he’s proven to be so ruthless, despite his foppish ways. I must admit I had my doubts about him when I first created him.”
“Yeah, I see that really worked out well for you.”
“(Sigh) True. But it’s my own fault for having a soft spot for him I suppose. I should’ve been more watchful of him. You’ll be lucky, he’ll just kill you, or rather have his new conquest Jacob do it.”
“Nobody’s killing me, I’m getting the fuck outta here right now. These bars aren’t going to hold me.”
“Won’t that be difficult Wolf? Seeing that the bars are made of silver?”
“So fucking what? Doesn’t mean I can’t touch them! As long as the things aren’t going into my body they don’t mean shit! Thought you bloodsuckers knew that. See that’s the problem with you Vampires, always underestimating your enemies and being melodramatic. If Fagula and his bitch boys were smart they would’ve killed me when they had the chance. That’s what I would’ve done.”
“You and I actually have more in common than you think. We both are the last of the old ways. I must admit that I too would’ve killed you immediately, rather than toy with such a dangerous enemy.”

You ignore Orlock and concentrate on the bars. You easily pry the silver bars open and step out of the cage; you then rip one of the bars out to take with you. Orlock looks at you with interest.

“Why are you taking that?”
“Because unlike you Vampires, we Werewolves try to learn everything we can about our enemies. I know for a fact that silver hurts you fuckers too, though you guys like to try to keep that shit quiet.”
“Ah. Tis a shame we never clashed Wolf, you would’ve been a worthy opponent.”
“Yeah? Well when I kill Drac, I can come back to finish you off too.”
“Ha ha! Glad to see you have such confidence. However, if in the unlikely event that you do defeat Vlad, by all means come back and finish me off to put me out my misery. I would gladly welcome everlasting death at this point.”

You leave the room and find yourself in a corridor made of dull stone; you’re guessing you’re probably underground. Nobody’s around, but you can still hear the noise of the party above. You’re about to head back up when you hear a voice close by.

“Psst! Wolf! Over here! Quick!”

You turn around and at one end of the corridor you see Mary. Now what the fuck is SHE doing here?! You rush over to Mary.

“What the fuck are you doing here?” you ask.
“Trying to prevent you from getting yourself killed, you stubborn macho asshole! When the Wolflings returned to the studio, I asked them where you went, and they told me, so I went after you. What the hell did you think you were doing coming here to kill Dracula?”
“Just that! Kill his bloodsucking ass! How’d you sneak in here anyway?”
”I didn’t, I got an invitation about a month ago to the party, so when I arrived I was expected. Then I heard you were taken down here by some of the guests.”
“Oh I can see you and Drac are still chummy with each other, figures, all you Undead stick together. You’re probably here to help him not me!”
”Goddammit Wolf, will you stop being so fucking paranoid! I wasn’t even going to this thing; the only reason why I’m here is because of you! Because maybe you don’t want to believe it, but I do love you, you’ve always only been the one to make me feel complete. After all the searching and traveling and trying to discover myself, it was our time together that I always held dear to me and stayed in my mind. Please, Wolf don’t go through with this, we lost a lot of years already; now that we’ve been reunited I don’t want to lose you permanently. This is isn’t worth it. You don’t have to prove anything. I’m familiar with the secret passages in this place, we could leave right now without any trouble.”

Mary’s face does show expression of concern, and her voice does display worry. She may or may not be telling the truth. If she isn’t then she’s done a good job of fooling you. However, even if she is telling you the truth, there’s something else at stake here, namely your principles and pride. You’d really hate to run from Dracula, especially at this point.
> You memories (Orlock)
Nosferatu: Count Orlock

The bloodsuckers are big on keeping secrets. Nowadays, all Vampires have a “cool” look about them which fits in with their youthful image. Even the ones that are “old” are still regal and respectable looking. Its part of the whole “Let’s get stupid humans to serve us and be like us” routine that they like to employ. You keep telling the masses something long enough and they believe it and the past becomes forgotten.

However even a secret slips out every now and then in movies and the hideous Nosferatu appear, but this is usually quickly dismissed as “creative license” and not based on any kind of fact. Vampires deliberately attempt to destroy any evidence of their ugly pasts. One old movie was actually supposed to be based on Count Orlock, but this movie was quickly ordered to be destroyed through Vampire string pulling.

The truth is Vampires weren’t always the “cool” MTV movie bullshit propaganda that that’s churned out now. In the past there were the Elders or the first Vampires who looked as repugnant as any rotting corpse, they are also known as the Nosferatu. You rarely had any encounters with them as most of them were dead by then, but you heard many stories from your grandfather about them. They hid in the shadows, striking from the darkness, and returning to isolation, they used no servants. They did not mix and carry on a charade of “humanity”. They were true monsters.

Over time however, things change and so did Vampires, there became an “evolution” of sorts (Though you’re loathed to use a word for such unnatural creatures). In time it became necessary for trickery, to fit in, to blend with humans to prevent mass extinction from vampire hunters. Later generations started to retain their human looks, and the Nosferatu began to die off through various means. Most of them by the hands of their own younger kind. The younger generation saw the Nosferatu as a threat to their own survival, not to mention cramping their style. How were they supposed to get humans to willingly serve them, if these ugly Nosferatu were going around snatching children in the night? No, their time had come and gone, a new era must be ushered in. Eventually the Nostferatu were all hunted down and killed save one.

Count Orlock was the last of the Nosferatu, he was by no means an Elder, but he was still old enough to not retain his humanity. Sensing his time was coming to a close, decided to create a servant to protect him. He sensed Vlad would be able to do this. The instant he made him into a Vampire, he attempted to instill loyalty into him and it worked…for awhile at least. Eventually Dracula realized that Orlock was more of a burden than a teacher, and he turned on him. Defeating him utterly, but contrary to what most know (For those that even know about the Nosferatu in the first place) he didn’t kill him.

Orlock’s implanted loyalty did still exist, but it was to Orlock’s detriment. Dracula could not bring himself to kill his creator, but he could make his unlife a living hell. Keeping him a weaken captive and tormenting him for all time.

He’s been forgotten and held prisoner ever since.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Its long over due and its time. You need to go fucking kill that bloodsucker or die trying. You need to prove that you are and always will be the baddest of the monsters. You also need to prove to these wolflings that they need to be proud of their fucking heritage and not play second fiddle to some overgrown leeches.

“All right you cubs! We’re going to go raise some fucking hell. We’re going to Dracula’s Castle. We’re going to rip the place apart brick by brick, and every fucking bloodsucker in the goddamned place and I’M going to rip Fagula apart limb from limb, drive a stake in his heart, cut his head off and then shove his dick in his mouth!”

The Wolflings look very apprehensive about your suggestion, in fact they outright refuse.

“You’re a fucking crazy old coot; if you think we’re gonna follow you to Dracula’s Castle! Fuck that, he’s got an army of bloodsuckers and ghouls and who knows what the hell else! We can’t win that Wolf! Can’t we just bust up a bar or something?” one of them exclaims

You can’t believe your ears! These snot nosed pups know nothing of their heritage! Back in the old days they would’ve been killed and eaten for such cowardice!

“Goddammit are you Wolves or fucking Chihuahuas? Vampires have been taking OUR rightful place in the monster hierarchy for centuries! We need to set the fucking record straight on this shit! Now are you going to run with me and be a fucking Wolf or are you going to go back home with your tails tucked between your legs?”

After looking at each other for awhile they all begin to leave and head back to the studio.

“Oh fuckin’ fine then, play werewolf in a movie, but I can see I’m the only fuckin’ REAL Werewolf here, the rest of you are just goddamn overgrown dingos! Fuck this, I don’t give a shit, I’ll kill Dracula my own goddamned self. I don’t need anybody’s help!”

You get on your Harley and ride. You only make a few stops on your way; you’re completely driven to have your final showdown with Vlad. Finally after a few days of riding you reach Dracula’s Castle. The place looks exactly the same. You get off your bike and scale the high iron gate. As you jump down into the courtyard you half expect yourself to be overwhelmed by vampires, or even ghouls, but nothing happens. This is weird, there aren’t even any guards patrolling or even at the door. In fact it sounds like a party is going on inside. You hear lots of laughter and music. Suddenly someone comes outside and sees you. It’s some Vampire chick.

“Ohhh, a Werewolf! Wow, I didn’t know any of you types were invited to the party; I thought Drac hated you guys. Well what’re you doing standing outside? Come on in the party’s just starting!” she says waving you in.

A bit of a different approach than you were preparing for, but you enter. You entrance to the ballroom is immediately a big event. You’re the only Werewolf there. Everyone else is either a Vampire, a ghoul, or even a human “servant”. Everyone is staring at you, some with wonder and interest, most with hatred, a few in awe. Most probably haven’t encountered a Werewolf like you before. The staring would probably continue if another slightly out of place being didn’t come shuffling up to you to talk you in a friendly manner causing the bloodsuckers to go back to partying. It’s Im-Ho-Tep. You’re surprised to see him here.

“Wolf?! YOU got an invitation to this thing? I can’t believe it! What the hell did you and Dracula kiss and make up?” he remarks with his scratchy sounding voice.
“Not in this life time Teppy. What’re you doing here?”
”Me? Oh you know Vlad, he’s always gotta put on a show. Likes to play up the whole royalty thing to the other bloodsuckers, so he always invites me to these things to prove he’s got connections or something since I was a Prince. I always keep telling him, it’s a meaningless title since the Egyptian Empire fell thousands of years ago, but he insists on flying me out here, making a big fuss and everything so what the hell, it’s not like I got anything better to do plus I get a kick out of watching the bloodsuckers get drunk and make idiots out of themselves, well that and I like to look at some of these Vamp chicks. Heh, guess that makes me a voyeur, but again what the hell, its one of the few pleasures I get in this world anymore. But enough about this dirty old man, what brings you here if you weren’t invited? Just randomly crashing the party?”
“Sort of…I didn’t even know there was one…I’m here to kill Fagula.” You whisper quietly.

Tep’s eyes widen a bit under his bandages. He isn’t entirely surprised (At his age barely anything surprises him anymore) but he was caught a little off guard by your statement.

“Wow Wolf…I can tell you’re really not joking about this. All I can say is… what took you so long? I thought this day would come long before now. Lost some bets because of it, oh well easy come easy go. Well you know your secret’s safe with me, though I suppose it won’t be a secret for too much longer! You’re still the craziest sonofabitch I know, but then you always did know how to liven up a party! Ha ha! Ol’ Vlad will probably be making his grand entrance soon, so just wait awhile. He threw this party for some kind of special announcement he has to make. I still got a bet with Erik that you would win if you and Drac ever got into a battle to the death. I’ll be hoping to collect that bet from Erik. Good luck!” Tep then shuffles off back to where he sitting.

Erik bet against you? Fucking little depressed shit! You’re going to have a little talk with him after all this.

You put your back against the wall, watching everyone while waiting for Dracula to arrive. An hour passes and you’re fucking sick of waiting, you don’t feel like waiting for him to make “an entrance”. You’re here to commit major mayhem on him, not listen to anything he has to say. While you’re surveying the place, you see a disheveled man peek out from a corner across the room and then slink back. That was Renfield, you’d know Fagula’s sycophantic bitch boy anywhere.
> You memories (Im-Ho-Tep)
The Mummy: Im-Ho-Tep

If there was ONE undead who was consistently alright with you, it was Tep. He’s one of the few exceptions to your dislike of the Undead. Ironic, because even without being Undead, his personality was completely different from yours, however you like him because he at least has a down to earth attitude on life. Which is at least a step up from the arrogance of Vampires and most humans.

Tep is very very VERY old. He was a Prince at one time during the height of the Egyptian Empire, but he never likes going by that title. He says it’s pointless to hold on to something that doesn’t exist anymore. As a royal Prince he didn’t have as much freedom as he would’ve liked, he basically had to stay in his palace and carry the responsibilities of an Empire which wasn’t as much fun as one might think. He used to read a lot about all the places his advisors and soldiers all traveled to, but he couldn’t ever go. So he decided that he would extend his life through magic so he could do and see all the things he couldn’t while he was alive. When he died at the ripe old age of 33 (Humans didn’t annoying live as long back then like they do now) the spell took effect and he snuck out of his sarcophagus at night. With no more responsibilities he was now allowed to see, go and do whatever and wherever he wanted. In fact his down to earth, observational habits are mainly due to the fact that he’s literally done it all. There really isn’t anything left for him to do anymore, so he gets a small pleasure from watching “Life” in general now. It’s also why he laughs at bloodsuckers who think they’re old, wise, and “done it all”. Even Dracula would be a mere child when compared to how old Tep is. One time Dracula was bragging about this completely decadent orgy he threw one time back in the 1600s that lasted for 6 days. He claimed it had everything and taunted everyone saying that they would never know about the carnal pleasures that were had that week. Tep just laughed and calmly put Vlad in his place that’s become a well known event in Hollywood History:

“Please Vlad spare us of your fat musings, I was married to my younger sister at 13, I personally knew Cleopatra and lived through the Roman Empire during Caligula AND Nero’s reign, let alone all the other shit I saw long before you were even thinking about shoving little old ladies on iron spikes as a petty human dictator. You don’t know fuck about sexual decadence. Whatever you THINK you’ve done has already been done long ago. You’re an unoriginal amateur at best.”

Dracula never “bragged” again when Tep was around.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Its long over due and its time. You need to go fucking kill that bloodsucker or die trying. You need to prove that you are and always will be the baddest of the monsters. You also need to prove to these wolflings that they need to be proud of their fucking heritage and not play second fiddle to some overgrown leeches.

“All right you cubs! We’re going to go raise some fucking hell. We’re going to Dracula’s Castle. We’re going to rip the place apart brick by brick, and every fucking bloodsucker in the goddamned place and I’M going to rip Fagula apart limb from limb, drive a stake in his heart, cut his head off and then shove his dick in his mouth!”

The Wolflings look very apprehensive about your suggestion, in fact they outright refuse.

“You’re a fucking crazy old coot; if you think we’re gonna follow you to Dracula’s Castle! Fuck that, he’s got an army of bloodsuckers and ghouls and who knows what the hell else! We can’t win that Wolf! Can’t we just bust up a bar or something?” one of them exclaims

You can’t believe your ears! These snot nosed pups know nothing of their heritage! Back in the old days they would’ve been killed and eaten for such cowardice!

“Goddammit are you Wolves or fucking Chihuahuas? Vampires have been taking OUR rightful place in the monster hierarchy for centuries! We need to set the fucking record straight on this shit! Now are you going to run with me and be a fucking Wolf or are you going to go back home with your tails tucked between your legs?”

After looking at each other for awhile they all begin to leave and head back to the studio.

“Oh fuckin’ fine then, play werewolf in a movie, but I can see I’m the only fuckin’ REAL Werewolf here, the rest of you are just goddamn overgrown dingos! Fuck this, I don’t give a shit, I’ll kill Dracula my own goddamned self. I don’t need anybody’s help!”

You get on your Harley and ride. You only make a few stops on your way; you’re completely driven to have your final showdown with Vlad. Finally after a few days of riding you reach Dracula’s Castle. The place looks exactly the same. You get off your bike and scale the high iron gate. As you jump down into the courtyard you half expect yourself to be overwhelmed by vampires, or even ghouls, but nothing happens. This is weird, there aren’t even any guards patrolling or even at the door. In fact it sounds like a party is going on inside. You hear lots of laughter and music. Suddenly someone comes outside and sees you. It’s some Vampire chick.

“Ohhh, a Werewolf! Wow, I didn’t know any of you types were invited to the party; I thought Drac hated you guys. Well what’re you doing standing outside? Come on in the party’s just starting!” she says waving you in.

A bit of a different approach than you were preparing for, but you enter. You entrance to the ballroom is immediately a big event. You’re the only Werewolf there. Everyone else is either a Vampire, a ghoul, or even a human “servant”. Everyone is staring at you, some with wonder and interest, most with hatred, a few in awe. Most probably haven’t encountered a Werewolf like you before. The staring would probably continue if another slightly out of place being didn’t come shuffling up to you to talk you in a friendly manner causing the bloodsuckers to go back to partying. It’s Im-Ho-Tep. You’re surprised to see him here.

“Wolf?! YOU got an invitation to this thing? I can’t believe it! What the hell did you and Dracula kiss and make up?” he remarks with his scratchy sounding voice.
“Not in this life time Teppy. What’re you doing here?”
”Me? Oh you know Vlad, he’s always gotta put on a show. Likes to play up the whole royalty thing to the other bloodsuckers, so he always invites me to these things to prove he’s got connections or something since I was a Prince. I always keep telling him, it’s a meaningless title since the Egyptian Empire fell thousands of years ago, but he insists on flying me out here, making a big fuss and everything so what the hell, it’s not like I got anything better to do plus I get a kick out of watching the bloodsuckers get drunk and make idiots out of themselves, well that and I like to look at some of these Vamp chicks. Heh, guess that makes me a voyeur, but again what the hell, its one of the few pleasures I get in this world anymore. But enough about this dirty old man, what brings you here if you weren’t invited? Just randomly crashing the party?”
“Sort of…I didn’t even know there was one…I’m here to kill Fagula.” You whisper quietly.

Tep’s eyes widen a bit under his bandages. He isn’t entirely surprised (At his age barely anything surprises him anymore) but he was caught a little off guard by your statement.

“Wow Wolf…I can tell you’re really not joking about this. All I can say is… what took you so long? I thought this day would come long before now. Lost some bets because of it, oh well easy come easy go. Well you know your secret’s safe with me, though I suppose it won’t be a secret for too much longer! You’re still the craziest sonofabitch I know, but then you always did know how to liven up a party! Ha ha! Ol’ Vlad will probably be making his grand entrance soon, so just wait awhile. He threw this party for some kind of special announcement he has to make. I still got a bet with Erik that you would win if you and Drac ever got into a battle to the death. I’ll be hoping to collect that bet from Erik. Good luck!” Tep then shuffles off back to where he sitting.

Erik bet against you? Fucking little depressed shit! You’re going to have a little talk with him after all this.

You put your back against the wall, watching everyone while waiting for Dracula to arrive. An hour passes and you’re fucking sick of waiting, you don’t feel like waiting for him to make “an entrance”. You’re here to commit major mayhem on him, not listen to anything he has to say. While you’re surveying the place, you see a disheveled man peek out from a corner across the room and then slink back. That was Renfield, you’d know Fagula’s sycophantic bitch boy anywhere.
> You memories (Renfield)
The Manservant: Renfield

Dracula has had a wide variety of lovers, and it’s well known he doesn’t limit himself to just women. However NOBODY (Gay or straight) could figure out what the hell he was doing with Renfield.

Vampires being the vain, shallow and arrogant types they are, tend to only pick the “beautiful” people to have sex with. Indeed that’s the whole reason to be eternally youthful in the first place.

Renfield didn’t fit into that category…ever. He wasn’t even a beautiful person on the inside. While everyone knows about his bug eating, that’s probably the least disgusting thing he’s ever eaten.

Drac has always been a bit of a perverse individual, so he probably first fucked the dirty asylum patient just for kicks and to have a story to tell. Little did even Drac know that that was the kindest act that had ever been done to Renfield, who broke out of that asylum the very next day to track down Dracula and profess his undying love and loyalty to him. His willingness to completely debase himself in everyway imaginable for Drac, is probably one of the reasons why Drac kept him around. Drac always eventually gets bored of his “long term” lovers and begins to act dismissively and abusively to them and eventually no matter how much they were in love with him, they realize that they were just another notch on his fangs and they bitterly leave. Renfield has NEVER left, he routinely has endured all manner of abuse by Drac for years and he still comes back for more, it’s why he ultimately made Renfield into Ghoul to serve him forever. (Another oddity for Drac, since he never creates Ghouls, he prefers “disposable” humans or fawning fellow vampires. Renfield is the only Ghoul, Drac has ever created)

Ghouls are considered low in Vampire society. They have some of a Vampire’s power, but at root they’re basically human servants who weren’t considered good enough to be turned into a Vampire. Also while they gain Vampire longevity, they don’t gain the eternal youth, and eventually rot to the point that they look more like zombies. They’re usually treated worse than human servants, since human servants still have “potential”. They’re typically are a miserable bunch who have a lot of anti-social personal habits while they continue to serve their thankless Vampire masters and resentful of the human servants.

Renfield’s life didn’t really change much at all.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“So you had me in mind eh? Well that proves it. You think I’m a joke because that’s how you wrote the character.”
“What? No! I just…”
“I see your time with that bloodsucker was well spent. Learning how to exploit and leech right? Look maybe you can pull this shit with those puppies over there, but I ain’t fucking one! I don’t need the money that badly. I’ll go fucking live my twilight years in the forest and DIE there as nature probably intended. I don’t need this shit.”

As you turn to leave, Mary shouts at you.

“Yeah, that’s right go on leave Mr. Lone Wolf! You’ll fucking die alone, you stubborn bastard! I tried to help you! Erik tried to help you and you don’t appreciate any of it! That’s why none of your children speak to you and…”

You run back over to her and slam her into the wall. You stare at her face to face as she struggles to get free. She’s strong, but you manage to keep her pinned. She really pissed you off and you were already pissed off to begin with.

“Fuck you, and fuck Erik! You two don’t know shit about me, never did. I’m through with the pair of you! In fact I think I’ll be taking something with me since you’re so worried about me being alone…”

You release Mary and go over to the wolflings who look a little worried that you’re going to cause harm to them. Many of them cast their eyes downward.

“Hey, you want to be REALLY tough? You want to really raise some hell? Come with me. If you want to stay under the thumb of this patchwork dead bitch and be exploited and mocked, stay here.

Your statement alone convinces all of them. They all follow you, even the one you made an example of. Mary attempts to call everyone back, but it’s useless, you’ve taken control of the pack and they’ll do what you want now.

And right now you want to get into a fight. You think about all the people and creatures that wronged you in some way and only two of them keep coming to mind consistently.

One is that fucking Dr. Victor Frankenstein. If it wasn’t for him, Frankie and Mary wouldn’t have been created in the first place which also means you wouldn’t have gotten yourself into trouble all those years ago. You wouldn’t have had to put up with his “children” taking jobs away from you. Not to mention he sued you once.

But the one who you REALLY despise, is that bisexual bloodsucker. Fucking Dracula or Vlad, or whatever the hell he’s calling himself these days. The disgust you have for him and the reasons are too numerous to list here.
> You memories (Victor)
The Mad Scientist: Dr. Victor Frankenstein

You don’t strictly have anything against humans. You’ve even been known to get along with a few of them. Victor doesn’t fall into that category though. His “creations” caused much trouble for you, but you had problems with him even before then.

Victor was the typical mad scientist type looking to shock and take the world by storm through weird experiments. He was always jealous of Dr. Moreau who managed to buy an entire island and create a small colony of “man-animals”. Victor wanted that same status, so he tried to do the same thing, but the problem was, he wasn’t as skilled of a doctor.

Victor’s feud with Moreau and his petty human dreams would’ve gone unnoticed at this point had he not tried to perform an experiment on YOU. He invited you over to his place once for an idea of a new movie. After eating a big dinner of mutton, veal, and beef (No pork though, you don’t dig on swine) you promptly passed out from all those products being heavily drugged.

When you woke up he was sticking needles into you and had you strapped to a table. He claimed he wasn’t going to do anything except some tests, but you highly doubted that since he also had scalpels nearby. He figured he could successfully duplicate Moreau’s experiments by using your DNA or something.

You didn’t let him get that far though. The good doctor forgot how strong you were and you easily broke the straps with minimal effort on your part. Your revenge was quick and terrible. In fact you killed him…that is if his assistant Igor (Who had later come home to find his master lying on the floor with his throat ripped open and his arm ripped off) hadn’t got his heart started again with a major jolt of electricity and sewed him back together.

Needless to say he wasn’t the really the same after that, but Igor’s “quick thinking” lead Victor to the idea of his first creation Frankie, then later Mary. In fact those two were probably his way of attempting to get back at you for killing him and it probably worked to a certain degree.

Of course you weren’t the one who had to piss and shit into a bag for the rest of his life.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“So you had me in mind eh? Well that proves it. You think I’m a joke because that’s how you wrote the character.”
“What? No! I just…”
“I see your time with that bloodsucker was well spent. Learning how to exploit and leech right? Look maybe you can pull this shit with those puppies over there, but I ain’t fucking one! I don’t need the money that badly. I’ll go fucking live my twilight years in the forest and DIE there as nature probably intended. I don’t need this shit.”

As you turn to leave, Mary shouts at you.

“Yeah, that’s right go on leave Mr. Lone Wolf! You’ll fucking die alone, you stubborn bastard! I tried to help you! Erik tried to help you and you don’t appreciate any of it! That’s why none of your children speak to you and…”

You run back over to her and slam her into the wall. You stare at her face to face as she struggles to get free. She’s strong, but you manage to keep her pinned. She really pissed you off and you were already pissed off to begin with.

“Fuck you, and fuck Erik! You two don’t know shit about me, never did. I’m through with the pair of you! In fact I think I’ll be taking something with me since you’re so worried about me being alone…”

You release Mary and go over to the wolflings who look a little worried that you’re going to cause harm to them. Many of them cast their eyes downward.

“Hey, you want to be REALLY tough? You want to really raise some hell? Come with me. If you want to stay under the thumb of this patchwork dead bitch and be exploited and mocked, stay here.

Your statement alone convinces all of them. They all follow you, even the one you made an example of. Mary attempts to call everyone back, but it’s useless, you’ve taken control of the pack and they’ll do what you want now.

And right now you want to get into a fight. You think about all the people and creatures that wronged you in some way and only two of them keep coming to mind consistently.

One is that fucking Dr. Victor Frankenstein. If it wasn’t for him, Frankie and Mary wouldn’t have been created in the first place which also means you wouldn’t have gotten yourself into trouble all those years ago. You wouldn’t have had to put up with his “children” taking jobs away from you. Not to mention he sued you once.

But the one who you REALLY despise, is that bisexual bloodsucker. Fucking Dracula or Vlad, or whatever the hell he’s calling himself these days. The disgust you have for him and the reasons are too numerous to list here.
> You memories (Vlad)
The Vampire: Vlad III AKA Vlad the Impaler AKA Dracula AKA…

You’ve got more interesting names to call him though. “Fagula” comes to mind.

All those movies nowadays that they make about how vampires and werewolves can’t get along were no doubt inspired by you and the bisexual bloodsucker.

Yeah that always pissed you off. He was always considered a “ladies man” and yet he was buttfucking his sycophantic manservant Renfield on a regular basis. Fucking pretty boy got all the best looking women throwing themselves at him, while he was getting some massive man meat in his elitist aristocratic undead ass on the side. Blood wasn’t the only thing he was sucking on.

That pretty boy also got all the best roles; got all the fame, got everything better and he didn’t deserve any of it. He came from fucking money. He was goddamn royalty. He was all those things that humans admire and strive for, looks, money, power, famous, and eternal youth. You didn’t really stand a chance in terms of popularity. Here you were a dirty ruthless “animal” that ripped people apart, while HE was Mr. suave and sexy that seduced his victims. Making death erotic rather than violent.

In short, humans saw him and saw what they wanted to be. While they saw you, and saw what they were.

Its one of the reasons why you have a big dislike for the undead. They aren’t natural. They don’t have that primal instinct that all living creatures have on some level. Humans and Werewolves both have it. Even all the Alien creatures you’ve had rare encounters with have a primal instinct due to the evolution that existed on their home worlds. The Undead don’t. They’re without emotion. No matter how much they try to mimic it. Any emotion they have is only due to their remembrance of how they reacted to events in their former lives. They don’t BREED naturally. Vampires are just fucking overgrown parasites and leeches in your superior opinion. All they do is try to exploit, hide and lie. And most idiotic humans fall for it. Now there’s a whole sub-culture of wannabe Vampires out there. Nobody wants to be a werewolf though. (Granted you’d probably hate a wannabe werewolf, but that’s not the point.)

It’s not “sexy” enough. It’s not “dark and mysterious” enough, basically it’s not GAY enough.

But being a Vampire sure is gay enough though, so let those stupid ass human wannabes go ahead and pretend and worship Vampires. They always find out just how much their “Masters” truly value them and it’s normally as food and at best a “pet”.

Werewolves don’t lie. If they’re going to kill you, they’ll be up front immediately, they won’t string you along. At least you’ve always been that way.

Fagula just represents everything you hate about his kind. All of which makes you wonder:

Where the hell are the Van Helsings of the world, nowadays?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Alright I’ll take the job, just tell me where its at.” You say.

After Erik gives you the information, you ride your Harley to the studio.

When you arrive on the set, you see a bunch of snot nosed wolflings hanging around trying to look “tough”. Some of them are in human form, but you can smell them for who they truly are though. These cubs today, you swear they would’ve never lasted back in the old days. All flash and nothing to back it up. (Though you don’t mind looking at the young females that are there) That’s why they hang out in packs. You never did that even when you were young. You were always a lone wolf.

“Hey who’s the fossil?” one of them asks.
“Hey Grandpa, the remake of Old Yellow is next door!”

This causes a howl of laughter from all of them, until you confront the one who said it. Probably the leader no doubt. Not even in wolf form. Pathetic.

“I’m going to give you time to transform into a more adequate fighting form before I neuter you.” You calmly explain.
“You? You’re like 300 years old! I could take…”

Can’t say you didn’t give him a chance.

You immediately pounce on him, knocking him down while clamping your jaws on his face and digging your fangs in.

“HOLY SHIT DUDE!” one of them shouts.
“Oh my god he’s killing him!” a female screams.
“Get him off of him, get him off of him!”

While them all attempt to pull you off of their leader you hear a familiar voice that gets your attention.

“Well, I see Erik passed my script over to you, good. I’m also glad to see you’re still as anti-social as usual Wolf.” Mary says as you finally get off of your misguided heckler and approach her. She still looks the same, though she looks a lot better now that she got rid of that hair style she used to have and dyed it blonde.
“Just re-establishing the proper hierarchy, nothing more.”
“Hmm, always the Alpha Male, that was what I always loved about you. So primal. Maybe later I can dress in a little red cloak and we can reenact a fairy tale.”
“Some fairy tale, as I remember you loved a lot of beings.”
“Hey I can’t help who I am. I was created this way.”
“Just like Frankie eh?”
“Don’t you compare me to that sicko! Yes we are controlled by our genetics to a certain degree, but as you damn well know I rose above them! I made my own identity. I’m a successful director and writer now, so what if I have a healthy sexual appetite? There’s nothing wrong with that, I’m sure you’d agree given all the beings you had your way with before, after and DURING your marriage!”
“Look never mind all that. I got a real problem with this film.” You say side stepping her correct accusation.
“What’s wrong with it?”
“What’s wrong with it? Are you kidding me? It sucks! It makes a mockery of werewolves! You even named one of them fucking Benji!”
“Well comedy is popular now. Plus children like monsters just as long as they aren’t too scary, so I was hoping to make it a family film.”
“ARRGH! I don’t DO family films! This is insulting and demeaning!”
“How? Come on Wolf. In most horror movies you’ve made you always got killed in the end by a human, how was that any less demeaning?”
“Because at least I was portrayed as feared monster that killed a bunch of people! I can play ball with the humans and their idealistic notion of good always having to overcome evil and all that…but THIS! This makes me into a fucking joke! I can’t even believe you of all people wrote this…no wait I can. You fucking undead don’t have any consideration for anyone, but yourselves.”
“You know I’m technically not even undead, I’m created from several dead bodies. I’m more of a golem.” Mary attempts to correct you.
“Who gives a shit, you’re still basically a walking corpse, and your flesh is dead. You’re Undead in my book.”
“You know for someone who hasn’t been able to find a job in months and is basically just rotting away in his little cabin, you’d think that you’d be a little more appreciative. I wrote this with you in mind you hairy bigoted asshole!”

You don’t know whether to take that as an insult or as an attempt for her to try to make amends for the past.
> You continue to talk with Mary
Eh, you let it slide this once, Mary can’t really help being so ignorant of a Werewolf’s pride, she’s just a fucking patchwork of corpse parts, besides you need the money from this job, and who knows, maybe you can jump start your career again…

But there’s still no way you’re going to play in this movie the way it is! Time to turn on that charm.

“Mary, look I know you mean well and all, but come on, you can’t seriously expect me to play this character! It’s insulting! Make it a comedy if you must, but make a dark one at least, not some family shit. Maybe I’m some fucking relic of the past trying to hold on to days gone by, but just about all I got left in this shitty world is my balls and my pride and I’m not losing either of them!”

Mary stares at you a bit, then she addresses the wolfings.

“Alright you guys that’s a wrap for today! I’ll call you back when I need you, there’s going to be some script rewrites, and before someone bites my head off, don’t worry nobody’s lost their jobs.”

After the set is completely clear, Mary addresses you and strokes your facial fur.

“That was a very passionate little speech you just gave, and almost halfway civilized for you. I especially liked the part about your balls.” At this point she gently caresses the twins with her other hand. “Mmm yes, I don’t think I’d like you to lose those either, or THIS!”

At this point Mary grabs your big fully erect dick.

“How about you and I discuss those script changes now, Wolfie?”
“Alright, but its going to be hard for you to talk with your mouth full…”

Four hours later, you and Mary have expended your sexual energy and are in a more talkative mood.

“…and that’s how I think the movie should go.” You finish explaining.
“Actually that’s not a bad idea; I’ll certainly incorporate some of the changes you suggested. See, and that’s why you’ll always hold a place in my heart, Wolfie.” Mary says lying next to you.
“Well, the patchwork heart that was given to you anyways Mary.”
“Damn Wolf, you were doing so well there for awhile and you revert right back to asshole mode.”
“It’s a gift.”
“Hmm, it’s also why you’re all alone.”
“So what? I’ve always been a loner.”
“And you’re happy living like that?”
“Its worked pretty well so far, don’t see any reason to change now.”
“Oh come on, surely you’d like someone around as opposed to the fast ass girls I hear you still bed every now and then.”
“What? You mean like a wife? Yeah right! Tried that remember, you were part of the reason why I ultimately got divorced…ah fuck it. I was having problems with that bitch and fucking around on her before we started seeing each other. Nobody’s fault except my own for being stupid enough for getting married in the first place.”
“Well maybe you just made the wrong choice in woman…”
“No, I didn’t. I made the wrong choice period. I wasn’t meant to be married, and it’s not the idea of just fucking one female forever, I just value my freedom too much.”
“Well I don’t see how you can be happy without someone special in your life.”
“Jesus fuckin’ Christ, Mary what is with you getting all into my fucking business? What about you? You ain’t married and you seem to be doing alright! …Or are you trying to tell me something?”

Mary looks at you with a solemn expression on her face and touches your hand.

“Wolf, things are different for me now. I spent years searching and while I’ve had lots of exciting and pleasant experiences in my life, but I’ve never felt as close to someone as I have during our time together. I might be made up of parts, but I’ve always felt a piece was missing when I wasn’t with you. No matter where I was, you were always in my mind.”
“Oh so that’s what this is huh? You’re feeling that something is missing in your existence so you figure you can just waltz back into ol’ Wolf’s life because hey he doesn’t have anything going on and pick back up where we left off? Fuck that, I can say you literally and figuratively screwed the pooch on that one, baby. You ended up running off with that half a fag Dracula while I was getting all my shit taken away from me by my bitch ex-wife and sued by your goddamn no talent father!” you say and move your hand away.
“It was a confusing time for me Wolf! You know how I was, I had all these hormones injected into me and I was initially created for the sole purpose of being a sex toy! Yes, I managed to overcome, but I couldn’t fight all of my initial feelings, I was also so curious about everything and anything! Dracula was a well traveled person and yes he WAS charming, I learned a lot while I was with him. I saw the world and more. You think I wanted to leave you? I loved you! Yes and I know you find that hard to believe that something Undead is capable of love, but I LOVED you!”
“Oh yeah, well if you loved me so fucking much, why the fuck did you leave?”
“Because I had to! You were stuck in your own little world, never wanting to mix with anyone, never wanting to do anything that didn’t interest you, I’m a social being! I need to be around people. I don’t know, maybe its because I was originally made to just stay locked in that fucking castle for that sicko Frankie and I spent so much time alone that I never wanted to be alone again. If stayed with you EVEN after your divorce and mine, I would’ve been trading a neglective mate, for an overly possessive one. Come on Wolf I know you. You would’ve been alienating everyone who looked at me with a hint of attraction. I had to let you go so I could be independent and find myself.”
“Yeah, yeah, you’re the fucking victim as always right Mary? Tell someone who gives a shit. Fuck this, I’m not working on this movie with you, I don’t care what rewrites you do. I’m out.”

You storm off, but as always Mary gets the last word.

“I can’t be a victim, because you’ve already taken that job! You carry a chip on your shoulder the size of Gibraltar and act like the goddamn World owes you something, well it doesn’t! You can’t let shit go! It’s why you’re all by yourself! Okay Wolf, fuck me then, I was no good fucking cheating bitch that did you wrong. Fine. You talk to any of your children lately? At least the ones you know about? You got fucking sons and daughters Wolf and you’ve alienated ALL of them with your inflexibility and assholiness! Even Lawrence, who you once were so proud of remember? He was following in your footsteps remember? But what happened? He disappointed you by following his heart instead of YOUR bigotry!”

The name “Lawrence” is one you haven’t heard in a long time and one you hoped you’d never hear again. You have to stop yourself from seriously damaging Mary for even mentioning him. Instead you just slowly turn around and attempt to calm yourself.

“Mary, you will NOT fucking utter that name again. He’s fucking dead to me. You got that? He’s as fucking dead as your fucking flesh! He’s not a son, he’s not a relative, he’s not a friend!”
“Yeah, I knew you’d say something like that, I told LAWRENCE that when we talked the last time and it’s so sad because he’s always just wanted your approval.”

What the hell? What is Mary doing talking to your fucking no good disappointment of a son who dishonored the family by marrying Irena…one of the Cat People.
> You question Mary
Your interest is overriding your loathing; you decide to question Mary further.

“What the fuck are you doing talking to Lawrence?”
“It’s not like he’s a complete stranger to me you know, we did meet several times on the set when you and I were seeing each other. We got along remember?”
“Yeah, I remember, so what, were you fucking him too at the time?”
“(Sigh) No Wolf, though I wouldn’t have minded that since he was less of an asshole and a more open minded sort than you! In fact had he not been so in love with Irena, I might’ve tried, but I saw theirs was a true love and I wasn’t going to break that up…”
“Hold just a goddamn minute! He told YOU about Irena before me?! You were keeping secrets from me?!”
“No! In fact I was the one who told him to tell you about Irena because I knew you’d find out eventually, though he should’ve picked a better time than in the middle of your divorce to do it. I didn’t tell you because it wasn’t my place and it was between you and him. He wanted to keep it secret since he was so afraid that you’d be disappointed in him…”
”Hah! Disappointment isn’t a strong enough word!”
“Yeah, I guess that was a mistake on my part. I figured you’d be able to look past it and I told him you would because he was your son and you were so proud of him…huh. I see your mind hasn’t changed on the subject though.”
“Never will either, now that was fucking years ago what the hell are you doing still talking to him?”
“Wolf, just because I wasn’t with you, doesn’t mean I couldn’t talk to Lawrence! Maybe by staying in contact with him, I felt like I was still in contact with you. Goddammit Wolf, I’m a free woman, I can talk to who I want! Besides, you disowned him anyway, what do you care?! I always kept in contact with Lawrence AND Irena. I even see them both every now and then…I bet I know more about Lawrence now than you do…hell I bet you don’t even know they have children! You got MORE grandchildren you don’t even know about!”

You stand in utter shock; you didn’t even know such a pairing would produce off spring. You didn’t really want to think about it really.

“He’s got children?” you say dumbfounded.
“Yeah a few of them, they’re a bit funny looking, but they’re very cute! (Sigh) I always wished I was able to have children…” Mary says wistfully. “You know Wolf you really should see Lawrence. It would mean so much to him.”

You don’t know, maybe all this information has bewildered you a bit, maybe Mary laid down the lovin’ really good, maybe you’re getting soft in your old age or maybe, just MAYBE you do want to see Lawrence.

“…Alright…alright Mary, I’ll go see him, but I’m not promising anything!”

Mary smiles and hugs you.

“You will?”
“Yeah, but if his cat bitch starts anything, I’m outta there!”
“Oh Irena’s nice! You should get to know her too! She isn’t at all like you think Cat People are! I’ll go get ready!”
“What?! You’re coming too?”
“Of course, someone’s gotta keep you on a leash so you don’t end up destroying something, besides I know where they live and you don’t, so I’m going with you.”

Soon you and Mary get on your Harley and are on your way. Mary tells you how to get your son’s house. You didn’t even realize he lived in the same state. You park your bike outside a fairly nice looking house. Your son’s been doing something right.

You take a deep breath when you get to the door and stand there for a few seconds preparing yourself, and then ring the bell.

The door opens almost immediately and a feline face stands before you, this must be Irena. It’s obvious she recognizes you, but predictably she doesn’t look happy to see you.

“You? What do you want?” she demands, while Mary looks at you a little concerned about what you’re going to say.
> You ask for Lawrence
“Look Irena, I’m not here to fight, I just want to see Lawrence.”

Speaking of whom, Lawrence arrives at the door; he’s very surprised to see you.

“Dad?! What’re you doing here?”
“I don’t really know, you can thank Mary here for even convincing me though… look we need to talk in private, I can’t be doing this shit in front of everyone.”

Lawrence nods understanding completely and invites everyone in, Mary and Irena go off together while you and your son enter a study of some sort, where you have a fairly long talk. You find out that he runs his own security business, and is his own boss, which is something you can certainly respect. He excitedly tells about everything that’s occurred in his life since you “disowned” him. Its weird, he doesn’t seem to hold any kind of grudge or anything towards you. He’s just so happy you’re here. Must be a trait he picked up from his human mother’s side, because you know damn well he didn’t inherit it from you. If the roles were reversed, you’re certain you would’ve slammed the door in your own face.

For once you’re glad Lawrence isn’t completely like you. You also realize that you have been unreasonable for all these years. You still don’t approve of your son’s choice in mates, but like Mary said, you need to get over it.

Just then a couple of little furballs come wandering into the room, they look like Wolf cubs, but the unmistakable feline features are there. They look at you with wide eyes.

“Hey, Tom and Isis. Come closer, I want you to meet someone.” Lawrence says.
“Who’s that Daddy?” Tom asks.
“That’s your grandfather.” Lawrence says picking one up. “Dad you’ve never even seen your own grandchildren. You want to hold them?”
“Uh…erm…I don’t think we’re quite there yet Lawrence.” You say
“Okay, I understand…hey! We’re having dinner soon, you should stay!”
“I dunno it might be weird.”
“Nonsense! Look if you think you’re going to get into it with Irena, I can tell you it won’t happen if you don’t say anything to her. She’ll keep quiet if you do. I hope you can be a little civil, I know it sucks when I have to be civilized to clients for my job, but you know how it is.”
“Yeah I know how it is. Alright I can do it. Hell, I’ve come this far. This is a whole new experience for me. I hope just hope you’ve got some good food.”
“Of course! We’re not vegetarians here you know!”
“Well that’s good, or else I would’ve had to disown you again!” you badly joke.

There’s a period of silence, and you think you might’ve stepped over the line, however Lawrence begins to laugh.

“Disown me? If I become a vegetarian, just put a fucking silver bullet in my head! Ha ha!”

You laugh too, and breathe a sigh of relief. You remind yourself that you’ll have to do a better job of your words at the dinner table!

Dinner is a pleasant affair; Irena certainly is an excellent cook. In fact it looks like she’s an excellent housewife in general. You’ve noticed the house is spotless. She might be a house cat, but she’s certainly not a lazy one. Maybe there are exceptions to Cat People. She doesn’t talk to you, but she doesn’t start anything either. Everyone eats except Mary who doesn’t require it, but she looks happy that you’re here making an effort to get along with everyone. You can’t be sure, but you get the impression that she did this for herself as much as she did for you. Mary’s own “family” is pretty fucked up and she’s unable to have children of her own. Maybe in some ways she hoped to create a “surrogate” family that she could be apart of instead and all that was missing was you.

The doorbell rings.

“Who could that be?” Lawrence asks Irena.
“I don’t know, I’ll go check.”

Irena gets up to answer the door and you can hear a loud voice in the next room.

“Sis! It’s so good to see you! How about a hug for your brother?”

You hear some muttering and whispering, but can’t quite make it out. A few seconds later, another Irena and another Cat Person enters the room. You don’t like him. He’s fat and scruffy. He looks like scum and smells like scum. All your previous good feelings immediately start to dissipate. Mary looks over at you.

“Uncle Oliver!” the furballs say in unison.
“Hey, kids! It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you! I’ll be staying here for awhile so we’ll have lots of time to play!”

You don’t like him.

“Hey Lawrence…I hope you’ve been taking good care of my sister.” He says with almost a hint of distain.

You really don’t like him.

“Who’s this couple?” he asks when noticing you and Mary. He gives you an unmistakable hostile stare.

You hate him.

You immediately whisper to Mary. “Who the fuck is this shithead?”
“Its Irena’s brother, Oliver. I don’t know too much about him, this the first time I’ve met him in person.”
> You leave
There’s a limit to your tolerance and you’ve just reached it. This lowlife is going to piss you off severely. You better just leave now, before you turn this place into a warzone.

“Well, I’d like to stay, but me and Mary have a lot of work to do on a new movie.”
“We do?”
“Yes! Remember all those rewrites?” you give her hand a squeeze and look at her while moving your head slightly in the direction of Oliver. She gets the hint.
“Oh yeah, we have to go.”
“Oh, well okay. I hope you’ll come by again soon though!” Lawrence says.

As you and Mary head towards the door, you turn back around and look at the house, look at his wife, look at his children and then look at that other… cat person. You can only change so much. You can’t see yourself being “part of the family” This is your son’s life not yours.

“I’m sure we’ll see each other again someday.” You say.

Lawrence looks a little disappointed, but understands.

“Yeah, I’m sure we’ll have a good time then.” He replies.
“Goodbye and good luck son.”

You and Mary get on your bike, wave goodbye and zoom off.

During the ride you feel like you should say something to Mary, who you think is probably just as disappointed as your son was.

“I’m sorry Mary, I just can’t change that much.”
“I know. I suppose it was too big of a step. You did really make an effort though, and you at least reconciled with Lawrence.”
“Hey I reconciled with you too…so are we like moving in together or should we still keep our own places?”
“Excuse me? What’s all this? Are you suggesting that we should get back together?”
“Well you were the one who brought it up first, and yeah you were right about a lot of stuff. I probably should have someone special in my life at my age. And since you’re about the only one who’ll put up with me on a long term basis, you’re the best candidate.”
“Wow, Wolf with words like that, you REALLY make a girl feel special!”
“You know I like everything else about you. I don’t need to say it.”
“Hmm, what makes you think I still want to be with you?”
“Oh please, you know you want this. Besides your hands are supposed to be around my waist, not fondling my crotch every five minutes.”

Mary laughs at your remark and kisses you on the cheek. She rests her head on the back of your shoulder and just holds you normally for the rest of the trip, giving you a bit of a hugging squeeze every now and then.

Sometimes a little change isn’t always a bad thing.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Look Irena, I’m not here to fight, I just want to see Lawrence.”

Speaking of whom, Lawrence arrives at the door; he’s very surprised to see you.

“Dad?! What’re you doing here?”
“I don’t really know, you can thank Mary here for even convincing me though… look we need to talk in private, I can’t be doing this shit in front of everyone.”

Lawrence nods understanding completely and invites everyone in, Mary and Irena go off together while you and your son enter a study of some sort, where you have a fairly long talk. You find out that he runs his own security business, and is his own boss, which is something you can certainly respect. He excitedly tells about everything that’s occurred in his life since you “disowned” him. Its weird, he doesn’t seem to hold any kind of grudge or anything towards you. He’s just so happy you’re here. Must be a trait he picked up from his human mother’s side, because you know damn well he didn’t inherit it from you. If the roles were reversed, you’re certain you would’ve slammed the door in your own face.

For once you’re glad Lawrence isn’t completely like you. You also realize that you have been unreasonable for all these years. You still don’t approve of your son’s choice in mates, but like Mary said, you need to get over it.

Just then a couple of little furballs come wandering into the room, they look like Wolf cubs, but the unmistakable feline features are there. They look at you with wide eyes.

“Hey, Tom and Isis. Come closer, I want you to meet someone.” Lawrence says.
“Who’s that Daddy?” Tom asks.
“That’s your grandfather.” Lawrence says picking one up. “Dad you’ve never even seen your own grandchildren. You want to hold them?”
“Uh…erm…I don’t think we’re quite there yet Lawrence.” You say
“Okay, I understand…hey! We’re having dinner soon, you should stay!”
“I dunno it might be weird.”
“Nonsense! Look if you think you’re going to get into it with Irena, I can tell you it won’t happen if you don’t say anything to her. She’ll keep quiet if you do. I hope you can be a little civil, I know it sucks when I have to be civilized to clients for my job, but you know how it is.”
“Yeah I know how it is. Alright I can do it. Hell, I’ve come this far. This is a whole new experience for me. I hope just hope you’ve got some good food.”
“Of course! We’re not vegetarians here you know!”
“Well that’s good, or else I would’ve had to disown you again!” you badly joke.

There’s a period of silence, and you think you might’ve stepped over the line, however Lawrence begins to laugh.

“Disown me? If I become a vegetarian, just put a fucking silver bullet in my head! Ha ha!”

You laugh too, and breathe a sigh of relief. You remind yourself that you’ll have to do a better job of your words at the dinner table!

Dinner is a pleasant affair; Irena certainly is an excellent cook. In fact it looks like she’s an excellent housewife in general. You’ve noticed the house is spotless. She might be a house cat, but she’s certainly not a lazy one. Maybe there are exceptions to Cat People. She doesn’t talk to you, but she doesn’t start anything either. Everyone eats except Mary who doesn’t require it, but she looks happy that you’re here making an effort to get along with everyone. You can’t be sure, but you get the impression that she did this for herself as much as she did for you. Mary’s own “family” is pretty fucked up and she’s unable to have children of her own. Maybe in some ways she hoped to create a “surrogate” family that she could be apart of instead and all that was missing was you.

The doorbell rings.

“Who could that be?” Lawrence asks Irena.
“I don’t know, I’ll go check.”

Irena gets up to answer the door and you can hear a loud voice in the next room.

“Sis! It’s so good to see you! How about a hug for your brother?”

You hear some muttering and whispering, but can’t quite make it out. A few seconds later, another Irena and another Cat Person enters the room. You don’t like him. He’s fat and scruffy. He looks like scum and smells like scum. All your previous good feelings immediately start to dissipate. Mary looks over at you.

“Uncle Oliver!” the furballs say in unison.
“Hey, kids! It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you! I’ll be staying here for awhile so we’ll have lots of time to play!”

You don’t like him.

“Hey Lawrence…I hope you’ve been taking good care of my sister.” He says with almost a hint of distain.

You really don’t like him.

“Who’s this couple?” he asks when noticing you and Mary. He gives you an unmistakable hostile stare.

You hate him.

You immediately whisper to Mary. “Who the fuck is this shithead?”
“Its Irena’s brother, Oliver. I don’t know too much about him, this the first time I’ve met him in person.”
> You stick around
You’ve just reconciled with your son you’re not leaving now, but you’re still on heightened state of agitation.

“This is my father Wolf, and his…girlfriend Mary.” Lawrence says unsure of if that’s actually the case. You and Mary look at each other, shrug and nod silently in agreement that it is.
“Wow, Lawrence, your family doesn’t keep to your own kind. Your Dad’s fucking a corpse and you’re fucking my sister. Wait, you’re also part human aren’t you? Sheesh, you Werewolves will fuck anything that isn’t another Werewolf! Can’t say I blame you though! HAR HAR HAR (BURP!) I’m kidding! I’m kidding of course. Relax. Hey Irena bring your pretty little tail over here and bring me some food too!”

Okay you are REALLY close to losing it. Mary senses this and whispers to you to just calm down. It’s very difficult though. Meanwhile you see Irena bring Oliver some food, Lawrence isn’t paying attention as he’s talking to his children, but you notice Oliver is lecherously looking at Irena the whole time. Then he begins stuffing his bloated face when Lawrence turns back around.

“Yeah, I’ll be staying here awhile Lawrence; I had a couple of job set backs. Might be awhile before I can find another one. Irena said it was okay.” Oliver says while food hangs from his mouth.


You knew it. You goddamn well knew it. Typical fucking Cat Person. Fucking sponge.

“Sure Oliver, you’re family after all, your home is my home.”
“Ah, you have my thanks Lawrence. My sister is so lucky to have such a highly motivated well to do man such as yourself. Don’t know why our family disapproved so much of you, but hey at least I was at the wedding, right Irena? There to give you away, right Irena?”
“Um, yes Oliver.” Irena says nervously and quickly goes back into the kitchen.

Something is seriously WRONG here. You’ve hung around with some shady characters and known several creepy ones, and Oliver is just oozing with both traits. Even his sister doesn’t seem to like him; she seems more scared of him than anything. Like an abuse victim. You don’t understand why Lawrence is letting him talk like that. You ask to see Lawrence in the next room privately.

“What’s up Dad?” he asks.
“What’s up with you? Why are you letting Oliver talk shit like that?”
“What Oliver? He’s harmless. That’s just how he is. Don’t pay any attention.”
“Yeah well I’m having a very hard time doing that. Look fuck all my personal feelings about what you think of your relationship with Irena, but if that’s the woman you love, then you need to put Oliver in his place right now. I know damn well you HAD to inherit that trait from me.”
“Dad I know your answer to everything is to kick everyone’s ass that looks at you sideways, but sometimes you have to let things go. Besides Oliver’s the only family member on EITHER side who supported our wedding you know. He even paid for it. He might make comments every now and then, but I know he’s supportive of us.”
“Lawrence, I know about letting things go, I’ve been doing it all damn night, but I’m telling you I can sense that he’s up to no fucking good. He’s been staring at his sister’s tits and ass since he got here! It’s like he’s a psychotic stalker ex-boyfriend. I noticed Irena acting nervous around him, I’m telling you something weird went on between them and I don’t think it was consensual.”
“Dad! You know what the fuck you’re saying?”
“Hell yes I know what the fuck I’m saying. I’m saying he’s a fucking sicko and a moocher to boot. Doesn’t have a job and it’ll be awhile? You know what that translates into? A permanent squatter.”
“Geez Dad, not all Cat People are decadent lazy inbreeders.”
“Maybe not, but I’m saying HE is!”
“I don’t think he is. Irena’s never told me that he’s ever done anything to her and I’m sure she would’ve, and as for the job thing, he’s just been having a string of bad luck. I mean come on; you should be able to identify with how hard the job market is right now. Look Dad, I hope you can put your bigotry aside, because I wanted you to stay awhile. Even stay here for the night.”
> You leave
“Lawrence I can’t put up with this, maybe you can and this is your life, but this ain’t me. If you ever want to see me, that’s fine, but I can’t deal with this aspect of your life.” You say and go back into the dining room.
“Mary come on let’s go we gotta work on that movie thing.”
‘We’re leaving?”
“Yeah, come on!”
“Alright calm down!”

When Lawrence enters the room, Oliver feels the need to make remarks again.

“Hey Lawrence your Dad here really bosses around his woman, I hope you didn’t inherit that trait from him. When I gave her away I was hoping it would be to a gentleman, not a barking tyrant.”
“Oliver, why the fuck did you give your sister away anyway? Was it because she was so repulsed by your appearance? Or was it because you were too much of a fucking loser to adequately provide for her?”

You just set it off in this motherfucker.

“What the fuck did you just say, you fucking mangy dog?”
“Too complicated for you? Okay. I SAID YOU’RE A FUCKING SICKO INBREEDING DRAIN ON SOCIETY! Just like your whole fucking race! You’ve been ogling your sister all fucking night while shoveling that food in your fat face!”
“Fucking racist! You’re a narrow minded racist!” Oliver screams.
“Yeah? Well I’d rather be that, then a sick incestuous piece of worthless shit like you.”
“Fuck you!” Oliver shouts and throws a fork at you. You dodge it and jump over the table. Oliver’s in poor physical condition and you easily put him in poorer physical condition; that is until Mary, Lawrence and Irena get you off of him. Only Mary is strong enough to hold you back.
“Get him out of the house!” Irena shouts as the furballs go running off to hide from the mayhem.
“Yeah, stick up for that fat floor rug! Just shut out the past like it didn’t happen, right?”
“Dad, stop!”
“Wolf, calm down!” Mary says.
“Ignoring the problem ain’t gonna make it go away Lawrence. I thought you were smarter and more perceptive than this. I hope you realize soon, for your kids’ sake.”

You take your leave, with Mary apologizing quickly to Lawrence and Irena and running after you. Oliver’s fat ass is still unconscious on the floor bleeding profusely. When you get to your bike, Mary is about to say something to you, but you interrupt her before she can start.

“Mary don’t even start, because I’m not fucking wrong on this. You fucking saw him and how he was acting, don’t tell me you didn’t think he was a piece of shit pervert too.”

Mary looks at you and nods. She can’t help but agree with you. She’d know the signs; after all she was married to that equally depraved fucker, Frankie.

“But Wolf, shouldn’t we try to do something else? I mean…”
“What else can we do Mary? I already said what I thought and kicked Oliver’s ass. Lawrence and Irena are going to have to take it from there. If I meddle anymore it’s just going to make things worse, if you meddle, it’ll just look like you’re siding with me. Its Lawrence’s family, it’s his life, it’s his choices, he’s gotta be the one to sort it out. Hopefully he makes the right one. Come on Mary let’s get out of here.”

Mary hops on the back of your bike and you zoom off. On the trip home Mary rests her head on the back of your shoulder while holding you and giving you a bit of a hugging squeeze every now and then. It’s not really spoken, but it’s apparent you and Mary are back together again, and hopefully Lawrence listens to your warning so you can someday reunite with him again as well.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You’ve just reconciled with your son you’re not leaving now, but you’re still on heightened state of agitation.

“This is my father Wolf, and his…girlfriend Mary.” Lawrence says unsure of if that’s actually the case. You and Mary look at each other, shrug and nod silently in agreement that it is.
“Wow, Lawrence, your family doesn’t keep to your own kind. Your Dad’s fucking a corpse and you’re fucking my sister. Wait, you’re also part human aren’t you? Sheesh, you Werewolves will fuck anything that isn’t another Werewolf! Can’t say I blame you though! HAR HAR HAR (BURP!) I’m kidding! I’m kidding of course. Relax. Hey Irena bring your pretty little tail over here and bring me some food too!”

Okay you are REALLY close to losing it. Mary senses this and whispers to you to just calm down. It’s very difficult though. Meanwhile you see Irena bring Oliver some food, Lawrence isn’t paying attention as he’s talking to his children, but you notice Oliver is lecherously looking at Irena the whole time. Then he begins stuffing his bloated face when Lawrence turns back around.

“Yeah, I’ll be staying here awhile Lawrence; I had a couple of job set backs. Might be awhile before I can find another one. Irena said it was okay.” Oliver says while food hangs from his mouth.


You knew it. You goddamn well knew it. Typical fucking Cat Person. Fucking sponge.

“Sure Oliver, you’re family after all, your home is my home.”
“Ah, you have my thanks Lawrence. My sister is so lucky to have such a highly motivated well to do man such as yourself. Don’t know why our family disapproved so much of you, but hey at least I was at the wedding, right Irena? There to give you away, right Irena?”
“Um, yes Oliver.” Irena says nervously and quickly goes back into the kitchen.

Something is seriously WRONG here. You’ve hung around with some shady characters and known several creepy ones, and Oliver is just oozing with both traits. Even his sister doesn’t seem to like him; she seems more scared of him than anything. Like an abuse victim. You don’t understand why Lawrence is letting him talk like that. You ask to see Lawrence in the next room privately.

“What’s up Dad?” he asks.
“What’s up with you? Why are you letting Oliver talk shit like that?”
“What Oliver? He’s harmless. That’s just how he is. Don’t pay any attention.”
“Yeah well I’m having a very hard time doing that. Look fuck all my personal feelings about what you think of your relationship with Irena, but if that’s the woman you love, then you need to put Oliver in his place right now. I know damn well you HAD to inherit that trait from me.”
“Dad I know your answer to everything is to kick everyone’s ass that looks at you sideways, but sometimes you have to let things go. Besides Oliver’s the only family member on EITHER side who supported our wedding you know. He even paid for it. He might make comments every now and then, but I know he’s supportive of us.”
“Lawrence, I know about letting things go, I’ve been doing it all damn night, but I’m telling you I can sense that he’s up to no fucking good. He’s been staring at his sister’s tits and ass since he got here! It’s like he’s a psychotic stalker ex-boyfriend. I noticed Irena acting nervous around him, I’m telling you something weird went on between them and I don’t think it was consensual.”
“Dad! You know what the fuck you’re saying?”
“Hell yes I know what the fuck I’m saying. I’m saying he’s a fucking sicko and a moocher to boot. Doesn’t have a job and it’ll be awhile? You know what that translates into? A permanent squatter.”
“Geez Dad, not all Cat People are decadent lazy inbreeders.”
“Maybe not, but I’m saying HE is!”
“I don’t think he is. Irena’s never told me that he’s ever done anything to her and I’m sure she would’ve, and as for the job thing, he’s just been having a string of bad luck. I mean come on; you should be able to identify with how hard the job market is right now. Look Dad, I hope you can put your bigotry aside, because I wanted you to stay awhile. Even stay here for the night.”
> You stay for the night
You’ve come this far, you might as well go a little further.

“Alright…alright…I’ll stay around, but just direct me to your spare bedroom or something because I refuse to be in the same room with Oliver. His mere presence sickens me.”
“Very well, just go upstairs turn left and straight ahead. It’s a blue room. I hope you’re in better spirits tomorrow, I want to talk with you some more.”
“Yeah, well I hope you heed my warning Lawrence. See ya tomorrow.”

You head to the bedroom, which is a fairly large one. You stretch out on the bed thinking about everything that’s happened today. It was going pretty well until fucking Oliver showed up. He just makes you want to rip his guts out and hang him with them until his tongue turns purple and sticks out. You’ve never had to hold in your anger like this before, but you’re trying to change. For the sake of Lawrence you’re trying damn hard to change.

An hour passes and Mary enters the room.

“So you can’t sleep, or am I correct in assuming you’re just isolating yourself so you don’t kill someone? Lawrence told everyone you were tired, but I knew better. You don’t like Oliver.”
“Can you fuckin’ blame me? I mean come on Mary, you fuckin’ saw how he acts and how he is! Tell me you don’t find SOMETHING wrong with the fucker.”
“Yeah, I know what you mean, I’ve been down there talking with everyone, and assessing him as well, and he is creepy. Especially with Irena.”
“That’s what I tried to tell Lawrence, but he thinks I’m just a bigot.”
“Well…you are, but that doesn’t mean you’re wrong.”
“I just want to fucking do massive harm to that fucking cat…”
”Whoa, easy there. We don’t actually know anything or have any proof of anything, he could just be harmlessly weird.”
“I don’t need proof when I’ve got instinct! Arrgh! Why the hell isn’t Lawrence using his?!”
“Calm down, you’re pretty tense, I think you need to work off some of that excess energy. Come on we worry about this tomorrow, for right now let’s continue to discuss those movie rewrites.”

Mary seductively hops on your lap and begins to kiss you all over.

“Mmm, I was wondering if you still wanted to be with me after what happened back at the studio.”
“What you mean that little argument we had? Please, I’ve heard worse from you remember? I know you were just doing a lot of prideful macho posturing, which is kind of sexy actually. Beside I know damn well you want to be with me again, your actions of changing your views on Lawrence have proven that, not to mention your body is telling me right now.”

Four hours later, Mary is fast asleep, but you’re still wide awake. This pleasant diversion still hasn’t calmed you down. You slide out of bed to get a drink and go for a walk. On your way to the bathroom, you hear to whispering and mumbling from another bedroom. You listen closely.

“You know Isis, you’re growing into a pretty young feline, thank God you take after your beautiful mother.”
“Thank you Uncle Oliver, but why’d you wake me up?”
“Just to tell you that and to play a game with you. You see me and your mother used to play a game when we were younger, but it was a secret game. We didn’t tell anyone, and you can’t tell anyone either, especially not your Dad.”
“Um I don’t like the way you’re rubbing my leg Uncle Oliver...”
“But that’s how the game is played, now let me just…”

You immediately burst through the door; Oliver’s fat frame is lurching over Isis when he turns his head in your direction. His eyes wide open like a deer caught in the headlights.

“YOU’RE DEAD, YOU SICK PIECE OF SHIT!” you bellow and grab Oliver and throw him against the wall. Isis goes running and screaming from the room while you pound Oliver’s face into a bloody pulp. He tries to bat you with his claws, but they don’t even phase you, you’re too angry and you’ve been wanting to do this all fucking night. You throw him out of the room and into the hallway where you kick the hell out of him as he coughs up puke and blood. Mary arrives wondering what’s going on.

“WOLF! STOP!”
“NO! He was trying to molest Isis! I caught him right in the fucking act! I knew I was fucking right!” you bend down and speak in his ear. “And I’m gonna make sure you don’t ever try that shit on my granddaughter again, you fuck!”

You begin shredding his balls and dick into pieces and howl of pain is sounded throughout the house, Tom at this point has woken up, but Mary takes him back to his own room and tells him to stay there.

Now you’re lurching over Oliver’s bloody body ready to deliver the killing strike, when Lawrence and Irena arrive from downstairs. They look at you, they look at Oliver, then Irena says something you don’t expect, but the look in her eye doesn’t entirely surprise you.

“Do it Wolf.”

And you do, you drive your claws deep into his throat effectively decapitating him. After the deed is done, you and Lawrence dump the body (and head) in a nearby woods where nature can take care of it. Lawrence then speaks.

“When Isis told us what happened exactly, all I could think about is that I should’ve listened to you. I’m a fucking idiot, and failed you and my children.”
“Look nevermind all that now son, what’s important is the problem has been dealt with. YOU, just be on guard more in the future. Remember, you’re the protector of this family, you have to suspect everything and everyone. If something doesn’t feel right, trust your fucking instinct, its never wrong. Let’s get back home, I gotta wash this cat blood off of me, I think he pissed on me too, ugh.”

The following day you decide to leave, Lawrence wants you to stick around, but you tell Lawrence he needs to spend time with his family right now, not you. This time he listens to you. You and Mary get on your Harley, while Lawrence, Irena, Isis and Tom all say their good byes to you.

“Bye Grandpa!” Isis and Tom say in unison.
“Bye you two. Remember, if someone starts trying to do something you don’t like to you, scratch their eyes out!” you reply patting them both on the head.
“Thank you Wolf, for what you did…you don’t know how much it means to me…”
“Think nothing of it, Irena, but you’re welcome.”
“Bye Dad, I do hope we’ll see you again.”
“You will.”

You start up the cycle and you and Mary zoom off.

On the trip home Mary rests her head on the back of your shoulder while holding you and giving you a bit of a hugging squeeze every now and then.

“So are we going to actually get to those rewrites when we get back home, or are we going to just fuck our brains out again?” you ask Mary jokingly.
“How about we do the latter, I don’t think the movie needs any rewrites now.”
”What?! Dammit I told you I’m not playing that cranky old grandpa part!”
“Why not? You do an excellent job of it in real life.” Mary taunts.
“Hey don’t joke like that! I got a public image to maintain!”
“Ha ha! Don’t worry; we’re still making the changes. Your image of being a distrusting combative asshole will be maintained…and don’t ever change that trait.” Mary says while kissing you on the cheek.

“No need to ever worry about that Mary, some things will never change.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your interest is overriding your loathing; you decide to question Mary further.

“What the fuck are you doing talking to Lawrence?”
“It’s not like he’s a complete stranger to me you know, we did meet several times on the set when you and I were seeing each other. We got along remember?”
“Yeah, I remember, so what, were you fucking him too at the time?”
“(Sigh) No Wolf, though I wouldn’t have minded that since he was less of an asshole and a more open minded sort than you! In fact had he not been so in love with Irena, I might’ve tried, but I saw theirs was a true love and I wasn’t going to break that up…”
“Hold just a goddamn minute! He told YOU about Irena before me?! You were keeping secrets from me?!”
“No! In fact I was the one who told him to tell you about Irena because I knew you’d find out eventually, though he should’ve picked a better time than in the middle of your divorce to do it. I didn’t tell you because it wasn’t my place and it was between you and him. He wanted to keep it secret since he was so afraid that you’d be disappointed in him…”
”Hah! Disappointment isn’t a strong enough word!”
“Yeah, I guess that was a mistake on my part. I figured you’d be able to look past it and I told him you would because he was your son and you were so proud of him…huh. I see your mind hasn’t changed on the subject though.”
“Never will either, now that was fucking years ago what the hell are you doing still talking to him?”
“Wolf, just because I wasn’t with you, doesn’t mean I couldn’t talk to Lawrence! Maybe by staying in contact with him, I felt like I was still in contact with you. Goddammit Wolf, I’m a free woman, I can talk to who I want! Besides, you disowned him anyway, what do you care?! I always kept in contact with Lawrence AND Irena. I even see them both every now and then…I bet I know more about Lawrence now than you do…hell I bet you don’t even know they have children! You got MORE grandchildren you don’t even know about!”

You stand in utter shock; you didn’t even know such a pairing would produce off spring. You didn’t really want to think about it really.

“He’s got children?” you say dumbfounded.
“Yeah a few of them, they’re a bit funny looking, but they’re very cute! (Sigh) I always wished I was able to have children…” Mary says wistfully. “You know Wolf you really should see Lawrence. It would mean so much to him.”

You don’t know, maybe all this information has bewildered you a bit, maybe Mary laid down the lovin’ really good, maybe you’re getting soft in your old age or maybe, just MAYBE you do want to see Lawrence.

“…Alright…alright Mary, I’ll go see him, but I’m not promising anything!”

Mary smiles and hugs you.

“You will?”
“Yeah, but if his cat bitch starts anything, I’m outta there!”
“Oh Irena’s nice! You should get to know her too! She isn’t at all like you think Cat People are! I’ll go get ready!”
“What?! You’re coming too?”
“Of course, someone’s gotta keep you on a leash so you don’t end up destroying something, besides I know where they live and you don’t, so I’m going with you.”

Soon you and Mary get on your Harley and are on your way. Mary tells you how to get your son’s house. You didn’t even realize he lived in the same state. You park your bike outside a fairly nice looking house. Your son’s been doing something right.

You take a deep breath when you get to the door and stand there for a few seconds preparing yourself, and then ring the bell.

The door opens almost immediately and a feline face stands before you, this must be Irena. It’s obvious she recognizes you, but predictably she doesn’t look happy to see you.

“You? What do you want?” she demands, while Mary looks at you a little concerned about what you’re going to say.
> You be an asshole
So much for civility…

“Peeyew! It smells like a fucking litter box emanating from the house!”
“Wolf! You said you’d be civil!” Mary remarks.
“Doesn’t sound like something I’d say.”
“Mary, why’d you bring this dick here?” Irena asks.
“Because I THOUGHT he wanted to reunite with his son, not be obnoxious!”

Just then your son comes to the door. He’s even more surprised to see you.

“Dad? What, what’re you doing here?”
“Insulting your wife so far.” Irena answers.
“I don’t need to insult your feline ass; you people do a good enough job of that yourself by your mere existence.”
“Now that’s enough Wolf!” Mary says hitting you.
“Fuck you, you mean old bastard!” Irena says.
“Dad, come on stop. Look let’s all go inside and…”

Now two little furballs come to the door, they look like Wolf cubs, but the unmistakable feline features are there. They look up at you with wide eyes.

“Who’s that Daddy?”
“That’s your grandfather.” Lawrence says picking one up. “Dad you’ve never even seen your own grandchildren. You want to hold them?”
“Don’t let that bastard hold them! He’s never bothered to see ANY of his grandchildren! Fuckin’ deadbeat!” Irena says.
“Shit, they’d be safer with me than they are with you! You better watch your kids Lawrence, she’ll be trying to molest them soon, if she isn’t already, you know how those fuckin’ cats are!”

Oooh boy you really crossed the line that time.

“WOLF!” Mary shouts.
“How fucking DARE you! Fuck you! I don’t need to be insulted on my own property! Get the fuck out!”
“Dad, you’re out of line! You can’t just come here and insult my wife and family like this!”
“Oh so that’s how it is eh? I’ve been hearing about how you want to see me so bad, but now you’re showing your true colors. You’re gonna side with your wife, instead of your blood. Shit, I knew you were whipped. I wasted my fucking time all those years ago trying to groom you to take my place and there’s no point in wasting my time here, I’m fuckin’ done. Enjoy your fuckin’ life with your cat bitch and your halfcat brats.” As you turn around you address Mary. “Yeah, this was a great idea Mary. If you want a ride back home, I’ll be on my bike waiting a few minutes, if not, you can get a ride from either the inbreeder or the traitor.”

You get on your bike and wait awhile for Mary, but it’s apparent she isn’t following, so you take off and leave. Fuck her too and if she doesn’t want to work on the movie idea with you; then fuck that as well, you’ll survive somehow, you always have. It’s what you do best. You had a temporary moment of weakness, but when it came down to it, you stuck by your principles. You might be an old and broke, but at least you’re not fucking a cat thing.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Eh, you let it slide this once, Mary can’t really help being so ignorant of a Werewolf’s pride, she’s just a fucking patchwork of corpse parts, besides you need the money from this job, and who knows, maybe you can jump start your career again…

But there’s still no way you’re going to play in this movie the way it is! Time to turn on that charm.

“Mary, look I know you mean well and all, but come on, you can’t seriously expect me to play this character! It’s insulting! Make it a comedy if you must, but make a dark one at least, not some family shit. Maybe I’m some fucking relic of the past trying to hold on to days gone by, but just about all I got left in this shitty world is my balls and my pride and I’m not losing either of them!”

Mary stares at you a bit, then she addresses the wolfings.

“Alright you guys that’s a wrap for today! I’ll call you back when I need you, there’s going to be some script rewrites, and before someone bites my head off, don’t worry nobody’s lost their jobs.”

After the set is completely clear, Mary addresses you and strokes your facial fur.

“That was a very passionate little speech you just gave, and almost halfway civilized for you. I especially liked the part about your balls.” At this point she gently caresses the twins with her other hand. “Mmm yes, I don’t think I’d like you to lose those either, or THIS!”

At this point Mary grabs your big fully erect dick.

“How about you and I discuss those script changes now, Wolfie?”
“Alright, but its going to be hard for you to talk with your mouth full…”

Four hours later, you and Mary have expended your sexual energy and are in a more talkative mood.

“…and that’s how I think the movie should go.” You finish explaining.
“Actually that’s not a bad idea; I’ll certainly incorporate some of the changes you suggested. See, and that’s why you’ll always hold a place in my heart, Wolfie.” Mary says lying next to you.
“Well, the patchwork heart that was given to you anyways Mary.”
“Damn Wolf, you were doing so well there for awhile and you revert right back to asshole mode.”
“It’s a gift.”
“Hmm, it’s also why you’re all alone.”
“So what? I’ve always been a loner.”
“And you’re happy living like that?”
“Its worked pretty well so far, don’t see any reason to change now.”
“Oh come on, surely you’d like someone around as opposed to the fast ass girls I hear you still bed every now and then.”
“What? You mean like a wife? Yeah right! Tried that remember, you were part of the reason why I ultimately got divorced…ah fuck it. I was having problems with that bitch and fucking around on her before we started seeing each other. Nobody’s fault except my own for being stupid enough for getting married in the first place.”
“Well maybe you just made the wrong choice in woman…”
“No, I didn’t. I made the wrong choice period. I wasn’t meant to be married, and it’s not the idea of just fucking one female forever, I just value my freedom too much.”
“Well I don’t see how you can be happy without someone special in your life.”
“Jesus fuckin’ Christ, Mary what is with you getting all into my fucking business? What about you? You ain’t married and you seem to be doing alright! …Or are you trying to tell me something?”

Mary looks at you with a solemn expression on her face and touches your hand.

“Wolf, things are different for me now. I spent years searching and while I’ve had lots of exciting and pleasant experiences in my life, but I’ve never felt as close to someone as I have during our time together. I might be made up of parts, but I’ve always felt a piece was missing when I wasn’t with you. No matter where I was, you were always in my mind.”
“Oh so that’s what this is huh? You’re feeling that something is missing in your existence so you figure you can just waltz back into ol’ Wolf’s life because hey he doesn’t have anything going on and pick back up where we left off? Fuck that, I can say you literally and figuratively screwed the pooch on that one, baby. You ended up running off with that half a fag Dracula while I was getting all my shit taken away from me by my bitch ex-wife and sued by your goddamn no talent father!” you say and move your hand away.
“It was a confusing time for me Wolf! You know how I was, I had all these hormones injected into me and I was initially created for the sole purpose of being a sex toy! Yes, I managed to overcome, but I couldn’t fight all of my initial feelings, I was also so curious about everything and anything! Dracula was a well traveled person and yes he WAS charming, I learned a lot while I was with him. I saw the world and more. You think I wanted to leave you? I loved you! Yes and I know you find that hard to believe that something Undead is capable of love, but I LOVED you!”
“Oh yeah, well if you loved me so fucking much, why the fuck did you leave?”
“Because I had to! You were stuck in your own little world, never wanting to mix with anyone, never wanting to do anything that didn’t interest you, I’m a social being! I need to be around people. I don’t know, maybe its because I was originally made to just stay locked in that fucking castle for that sicko Frankie and I spent so much time alone that I never wanted to be alone again. If stayed with you EVEN after your divorce and mine, I would’ve been trading a neglective mate, for an overly possessive one. Come on Wolf I know you. You would’ve been alienating everyone who looked at me with a hint of attraction. I had to let you go so I could be independent and find myself.”
“Yeah, yeah, you’re the fucking victim as always right Mary? Tell someone who gives a shit. Fuck this, I’m not working on this movie with you, I don’t care what rewrites you do. I’m out.”

You storm off, but as always Mary gets the last word.

“I can’t be a victim, because you’ve already taken that job! You carry a chip on your shoulder the size of Gibraltar and act like the goddamn World owes you something, well it doesn’t! You can’t let shit go! It’s why you’re all by yourself! Okay Wolf, fuck me then, I was no good fucking cheating bitch that did you wrong. Fine. You talk to any of your children lately? At least the ones you know about? You got fucking sons and daughters Wolf and you’ve alienated ALL of them with your inflexibility and assholiness! Even Lawrence, who you once were so proud of remember? He was following in your footsteps remember? But what happened? He disappointed you by following his heart instead of YOUR bigotry!”

The name “Lawrence” is one you haven’t heard in a long time and one you hoped you’d never hear again. You have to stop yourself from seriously damaging Mary for even mentioning him. Instead you just slowly turn around and attempt to calm yourself.

“Mary, you will NOT fucking utter that name again. He’s fucking dead to me. You got that? He’s as fucking dead as your fucking flesh! He’s not a son, he’s not a relative, he’s not a friend!”
“Yeah, I knew you’d say something like that, I told LAWRENCE that when we talked the last time and it’s so sad because he’s always just wanted your approval.”

What the hell? What is Mary doing talking to your fucking no good disappointment of a son who dishonored the family by marrying Irena…one of the Cat People.
> You smack her and leave
“I warned you about saying that name again!” you say and back hand Mary across the face, if she was human, she’d have a nice red welt there now and be on the floor, but Mary’s made of stronger stuff, in fact she starts hitting you back, which you attempt to deflect.

“YOU BASTARD! How fucking dare you! Get the fuck out, I was an idiot thinking I could get you to change! You can forget about being in the movie too! Go back to your shithole cabin and be fucking alone since that’s what you want so bad!”
“Yeah, yeah. Fuck you too.” You say turning around to leave while taking a few punches to your back.

You return to your cabin and brood in the darkness, muttering to yourself.

“I don’t need them; I don’t need any of them. I don’t need anybody. Never did. I’m not a pussy ass whiney weakling. I’m the fucking Alpha Wolf. That’s why I’m still here and everyone else is gone or fallen by the wayside. I got my fuckin’ pride. That’s all I need…that’s all I’ll ever need…” you say falling asleep.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Eh, you let it slide this once, Mary can’t really help being so ignorant of a Werewolf’s pride, she’s just a fucking patchwork of corpse parts, besides you need the money from this job, and who knows, maybe you can jump start your career again…

But there’s still no way you’re going to play in this movie the way it is! Time to turn on that charm.

“Mary, look I know you mean well and all, but come on, you can’t seriously expect me to play this character! It’s insulting! Make it a comedy if you must, but make a dark one at least, not some family shit. Maybe I’m some fucking relic of the past trying to hold on to days gone by, but just about all I got left in this shitty world is my balls and my pride and I’m not losing either of them!”

Mary stares at you a bit, then she addresses the wolfings.

“Alright you guys that’s a wrap for today! I’ll call you back when I need you, there’s going to be some script rewrites, and before someone bites my head off, don’t worry nobody’s lost their jobs.”

After the set is completely clear, Mary addresses you and strokes your facial fur.

“That was a very passionate little speech you just gave, and almost halfway civilized for you. I especially liked the part about your balls.” At this point she gently caresses the twins with her other hand. “Mmm yes, I don’t think I’d like you to lose those either, or THIS!”

At this point Mary grabs your big fully erect dick.

“How about you and I discuss those script changes now, Wolfie?”
“Alright, but its going to be hard for you to talk with your mouth full…”

Four hours later, you and Mary have expended your sexual energy and are in a more talkative mood.

“…and that’s how I think the movie should go.” You finish explaining.
“Actually that’s not a bad idea; I’ll certainly incorporate some of the changes you suggested. See, and that’s why you’ll always hold a place in my heart, Wolfie.” Mary says lying next to you.
“Well, the patchwork heart that was given to you anyways Mary.”
“Damn Wolf, you were doing so well there for awhile and you revert right back to asshole mode.”
“It’s a gift.”
“Hmm, it’s also why you’re all alone.”
“So what? I’ve always been a loner.”
“And you’re happy living like that?”
“Its worked pretty well so far, don’t see any reason to change now.”
“Oh come on, surely you’d like someone around as opposed to the fast ass girls I hear you still bed every now and then.”
“What? You mean like a wife? Yeah right! Tried that remember, you were part of the reason why I ultimately got divorced…ah fuck it. I was having problems with that bitch and fucking around on her before we started seeing each other. Nobody’s fault except my own for being stupid enough for getting married in the first place.”
“Well maybe you just made the wrong choice in woman…”
“No, I didn’t. I made the wrong choice period. I wasn’t meant to be married, and it’s not the idea of just fucking one female forever, I just value my freedom too much.”
“Well I don’t see how you can be happy without someone special in your life.”
“Jesus fuckin’ Christ, Mary what is with you getting all into my fucking business? What about you? You ain’t married and you seem to be doing alright! …Or are you trying to tell me something?”

Mary looks at you with a solemn expression on her face and touches your hand.

“Wolf, things are different for me now. I spent years searching and while I’ve had lots of exciting and pleasant experiences in my life, but I’ve never felt as close to someone as I have during our time together. I might be made up of parts, but I’ve always felt a piece was missing when I wasn’t with you. No matter where I was, you were always in my mind.”
“Oh so that’s what this is huh? You’re feeling that something is missing in your existence so you figure you can just waltz back into ol’ Wolf’s life because hey he doesn’t have anything going on and pick back up where we left off? Fuck that, I can say you literally and figuratively screwed the pooch on that one, baby. You ended up running off with that half a fag Dracula while I was getting all my shit taken away from me by my bitch ex-wife and sued by your goddamn no talent father!” you say and move your hand away.
“It was a confusing time for me Wolf! You know how I was, I had all these hormones injected into me and I was initially created for the sole purpose of being a sex toy! Yes, I managed to overcome, but I couldn’t fight all of my initial feelings, I was also so curious about everything and anything! Dracula was a well traveled person and yes he WAS charming, I learned a lot while I was with him. I saw the world and more. You think I wanted to leave you? I loved you! Yes and I know you find that hard to believe that something Undead is capable of love, but I LOVED you!”
“Oh yeah, well if you loved me so fucking much, why the fuck did you leave?”
“Because I had to! You were stuck in your own little world, never wanting to mix with anyone, never wanting to do anything that didn’t interest you, I’m a social being! I need to be around people. I don’t know, maybe its because I was originally made to just stay locked in that fucking castle for that sicko Frankie and I spent so much time alone that I never wanted to be alone again. If stayed with you EVEN after your divorce and mine, I would’ve been trading a neglective mate, for an overly possessive one. Come on Wolf I know you. You would’ve been alienating everyone who looked at me with a hint of attraction. I had to let you go so I could be independent and find myself.”
“Yeah, yeah, you’re the fucking victim as always right Mary? Tell someone who gives a shit. Fuck this, I’m not working on this movie with you, I don’t care what rewrites you do. I’m out.”

You storm off, but as always Mary gets the last word.

“I can’t be a victim, because you’ve already taken that job! You carry a chip on your shoulder the size of Gibraltar and act like the goddamn World owes you something, well it doesn’t! You can’t let shit go! It’s why you’re all by yourself! Okay Wolf, fuck me then, I was no good fucking cheating bitch that did you wrong. Fine. You talk to any of your children lately? At least the ones you know about? You got fucking sons and daughters Wolf and you’ve alienated ALL of them with your inflexibility and assholiness! Even Lawrence, who you once were so proud of remember? He was following in your footsteps remember? But what happened? He disappointed you by following his heart instead of YOUR bigotry!”

The name “Lawrence” is one you haven’t heard in a long time and one you hoped you’d never hear again. You have to stop yourself from seriously damaging Mary for even mentioning him. Instead you just slowly turn around and attempt to calm yourself.

“Mary, you will NOT fucking utter that name again. He’s fucking dead to me. You got that? He’s as fucking dead as your fucking flesh! He’s not a son, he’s not a relative, he’s not a friend!”
“Yeah, I knew you’d say something like that, I told LAWRENCE that when we talked the last time and it’s so sad because he’s always just wanted your approval.”

What the hell? What is Mary doing talking to your fucking no good disappointment of a son who dishonored the family by marrying Irena…one of the Cat People.
> You memories (Lawrence)
The Wolfman: Lawrence Talbot

One of your halfbreed sons by a human woman, however as long as the father is a werewolf then the child is still considered a werewolf. (Yes Werewolf society is patriarchal) Besides any seed of yours can’t be anything else BUT a werewolf!

At least that’s what you’ve always believed, until Lawrence. Its true some of your other sons and daughters have disappointed you in some way for your strict ideology of how a “True Werewolf” is supposed to act, but Lawrence stepped over a line that can’t be dismissed as simple weakness, if anything its treason at worst and perverted mental illness at best, especially since you had such high hopes for him.

When Lawrence was a cub, he did everything he could to emulate you. You weren’t in his life growing up of course since you’d long moved on before you even knew he was born, but he did everything he could to learn about you and eventually seek you out when he grew up. You remember he first arrived on one of the sets he punched out two security guards who tried to escort him off. You knew then he was one of yours. He was very excited to finally meet you and for your part you liked him too. Here he was, wanting to model his life after yours, as opposed to complaining and whining about how you weren’t there for him. Truly the survival instinct mindset was strong in this one. You spent time with him when you could. Indeed you wanted to. He didn’t ask for hand outs either, he wanted to prove he could do everything himself. And when his first movie opened up to glowing reviews, you were bursting with pride.

It looked like everything was going good; Lawrence might’ve eventually replaced you as the “Alpha Wolf” which you didn’t even mind. He was worthy. You had the idea of him having cubs of his own and how one of them would also replace him when he got too old. It would’ve been a good legacy to be proud of…but then love got in the way.

You don’t even like thinking about that dark day. The day he met that cat THING! Needless to say everything fell apart; it was also around the time of your divorce so you were really in no mood to hear his pleas for you to “understand”. You disowned him immediately. He wasn’t even a fucking werewolf anymore as far as you were concerned; you didn’t even dirty your hands beating the shit out of him since he disgusted you so much. Eventually he faded out of sight in the movie industry, disheartened by your harsh and brutal decision, but continued his abominable relationship with that cat thing.

Years later you were invited to the wedding, but you returned it to sender with the words “PUSSY WHIPPED” in big red letters on the front.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Eh, you let it slide this once, Mary can’t really help being so ignorant of a Werewolf’s pride, she’s just a fucking patchwork of corpse parts, besides you need the money from this job, and who knows, maybe you can jump start your career again…

But there’s still no way you’re going to play in this movie the way it is! Time to turn on that charm.

“Mary, look I know you mean well and all, but come on, you can’t seriously expect me to play this character! It’s insulting! Make it a comedy if you must, but make a dark one at least, not some family shit. Maybe I’m some fucking relic of the past trying to hold on to days gone by, but just about all I got left in this shitty world is my balls and my pride and I’m not losing either of them!”

Mary stares at you a bit, then she addresses the wolfings.

“Alright you guys that’s a wrap for today! I’ll call you back when I need you, there’s going to be some script rewrites, and before someone bites my head off, don’t worry nobody’s lost their jobs.”

After the set is completely clear, Mary addresses you and strokes your facial fur.

“That was a very passionate little speech you just gave, and almost halfway civilized for you. I especially liked the part about your balls.” At this point she gently caresses the twins with her other hand. “Mmm yes, I don’t think I’d like you to lose those either, or THIS!”

At this point Mary grabs your big fully erect dick.

“How about you and I discuss those script changes now, Wolfie?”
“Alright, but its going to be hard for you to talk with your mouth full…”

Four hours later, you and Mary have expended your sexual energy and are in a more talkative mood.

“…and that’s how I think the movie should go.” You finish explaining.
“Actually that’s not a bad idea; I’ll certainly incorporate some of the changes you suggested. See, and that’s why you’ll always hold a place in my heart, Wolfie.” Mary says lying next to you.
“Well, the patchwork heart that was given to you anyways Mary.”
“Damn Wolf, you were doing so well there for awhile and you revert right back to asshole mode.”
“It’s a gift.”
“Hmm, it’s also why you’re all alone.”
“So what? I’ve always been a loner.”
“And you’re happy living like that?”
“Its worked pretty well so far, don’t see any reason to change now.”
“Oh come on, surely you’d like someone around as opposed to the fast ass girls I hear you still bed every now and then.”
“What? You mean like a wife? Yeah right! Tried that remember, you were part of the reason why I ultimately got divorced…ah fuck it. I was having problems with that bitch and fucking around on her before we started seeing each other. Nobody’s fault except my own for being stupid enough for getting married in the first place.”
“Well maybe you just made the wrong choice in woman…”
“No, I didn’t. I made the wrong choice period. I wasn’t meant to be married, and it’s not the idea of just fucking one female forever, I just value my freedom too much.”
“Well I don’t see how you can be happy without someone special in your life.”
“Jesus fuckin’ Christ, Mary what is with you getting all into my fucking business? What about you? You ain’t married and you seem to be doing alright! …Or are you trying to tell me something?”

Mary looks at you with a solemn expression on her face and touches your hand.

“Wolf, things are different for me now. I spent years searching and while I’ve had lots of exciting and pleasant experiences in my life, but I’ve never felt as close to someone as I have during our time together. I might be made up of parts, but I’ve always felt a piece was missing when I wasn’t with you. No matter where I was, you were always in my mind.”
“Oh so that’s what this is huh? You’re feeling that something is missing in your existence so you figure you can just waltz back into ol’ Wolf’s life because hey he doesn’t have anything going on and pick back up where we left off? Fuck that, I can say you literally and figuratively screwed the pooch on that one, baby. You ended up running off with that half a fag Dracula while I was getting all my shit taken away from me by my bitch ex-wife and sued by your goddamn no talent father!” you say and move your hand away.
“It was a confusing time for me Wolf! You know how I was, I had all these hormones injected into me and I was initially created for the sole purpose of being a sex toy! Yes, I managed to overcome, but I couldn’t fight all of my initial feelings, I was also so curious about everything and anything! Dracula was a well traveled person and yes he WAS charming, I learned a lot while I was with him. I saw the world and more. You think I wanted to leave you? I loved you! Yes and I know you find that hard to believe that something Undead is capable of love, but I LOVED you!”
“Oh yeah, well if you loved me so fucking much, why the fuck did you leave?”
“Because I had to! You were stuck in your own little world, never wanting to mix with anyone, never wanting to do anything that didn’t interest you, I’m a social being! I need to be around people. I don’t know, maybe its because I was originally made to just stay locked in that fucking castle for that sicko Frankie and I spent so much time alone that I never wanted to be alone again. If stayed with you EVEN after your divorce and mine, I would’ve been trading a neglective mate, for an overly possessive one. Come on Wolf I know you. You would’ve been alienating everyone who looked at me with a hint of attraction. I had to let you go so I could be independent and find myself.”
“Yeah, yeah, you’re the fucking victim as always right Mary? Tell someone who gives a shit. Fuck this, I’m not working on this movie with you, I don’t care what rewrites you do. I’m out.”

You storm off, but as always Mary gets the last word.

“I can’t be a victim, because you’ve already taken that job! You carry a chip on your shoulder the size of Gibraltar and act like the goddamn World owes you something, well it doesn’t! You can’t let shit go! It’s why you’re all by yourself! Okay Wolf, fuck me then, I was no good fucking cheating bitch that did you wrong. Fine. You talk to any of your children lately? At least the ones you know about? You got fucking sons and daughters Wolf and you’ve alienated ALL of them with your inflexibility and assholiness! Even Lawrence, who you once were so proud of remember? He was following in your footsteps remember? But what happened? He disappointed you by following his heart instead of YOUR bigotry!”

The name “Lawrence” is one you haven’t heard in a long time and one you hoped you’d never hear again. You have to stop yourself from seriously damaging Mary for even mentioning him. Instead you just slowly turn around and attempt to calm yourself.

“Mary, you will NOT fucking utter that name again. He’s fucking dead to me. You got that? He’s as fucking dead as your fucking flesh! He’s not a son, he’s not a relative, he’s not a friend!”
“Yeah, I knew you’d say something like that, I told LAWRENCE that when we talked the last time and it’s so sad because he’s always just wanted your approval.”

What the hell? What is Mary doing talking to your fucking no good disappointment of a son who dishonored the family by marrying Irena…one of the Cat People.
> You memories (Irena)
The Cat People: Irena Reed

To be quite honest you don’t know a whole hell of a lot about your son’s wife Irena, and you don’t really want to. All you know is she’s a fucking cat person and that’s enough to disown him by association.

While you’re openly vocal about your extreme dislike for the undead and vampires in particular, you’d grudgingly admit while under duress and in a hopeless state of drunkenness, you have met a few that you’ve been able to get along with. Hell you’ve been known to fuck the occasional Vamp chick every now and then (Not to mention Mary). Not being natural creatures, you don’t really expect anything better from them, so whatever sneaky arrogant shit they pull doesn’t really surprised you.

However, there is ONE group of people you absolutely WILL NOT tolerate on any level, and those are those damn Cat People. You just can’t stand the scent of them. They’re a decadent perverted race that sickens you. The Cat People are lycanthrope predators much like Werewolves, but that’s where the similarities end, and they aren’t even good predators anymore. Werewolves favor a survivalistic mindset. Even the young pups today who you normally frown upon as being spoiled go around trying to hone their skills and maintain that fighting spirit. Cat People do no such thing. They sponge, scam, scavenge and are just outright lazy bastards, even those overgrown leeches you call Vampires are less of a drain on society in your opinion.

It’s partly why you’re such a hard ass when it comes to the “old ways’ and harass young werewolves about not living up to them like they should. Because you see that Cat People USED to be like Werewolves but then they completely gave into civilization and allowed themselves to become soft, fat and weak, and as long as you draw breathe on this shitty World you will NOT allow the Werewolf race to follow in their paw prints. Cat People are a hated reminder of what “civilization” can do to anyone if they aren’t careful.

Another unsavory characteristic that they have that repulses you is that they’ve been rumored to indulge in incest; a loathsome practice that only serves to destroy and weaken a gene line, all of which gives further reason why they have fallen so far from what they used to be.

Not to mention fucking lazy. You mean sheesh, they can’t even be bothered to look for a mate outside their goddamn house?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Oh boo fucking hoo, your latest Opera hasn’t been doing too well lately. At least people are paying to see the goddamn thing! As bad of a composer, and musician you are, you oughta be glad anyone’s even paying to see the goddamn thing! People don’t want to see anything with me in it! And at least you’ve got another job to fall back on LIKE BEING AN AGENT THAT’S SUPPOSED TO BE GETTING ME A FUCKING JOB!” you snarl.

There’s some dead air briefly and then Erik begins talking again.

“You’re right. I shouldn’t be complaining about my problems to you. You of course know all about torment. A war that wages within you, a beast that…”
“Erik I’ve got no time and I’m in no mood to hear how we’re supposed to be kindred spirits, you just better tell me you found something for me and it better not be another guest speaker spot at a comic convention!”
“Well let’s see…I dunno. Werewolves aren’t popular anymore you know…there might be something…here it is! It’s called Wolf Pack.”
“Pack? That implies more than one wolf on the set there Erik. Well I suppose I can share the spotlight with some others. As long as I’m in charge of course.” You say.
“Er…well according to this, you’d be the old cranky grandpa wolf that makes a bunch of rude remarks.”
“What?! What kind of stupid shit is that?”
“Yeah that’s the stuff.” Erik replies not catching on.
“I mean what the hell kind of movie is this?”
“Its uh…let’s see…oh here. It’s a horror comedy about a werewolf family and how they
adjust to human society. Looks like you’ll be playing with a lot of young pups as you’d call them.”
“WHAT?! NO! What the fuck Erik? I’m a fucking monster not something to be fucking laughed at! And they already did a movie like that a long time ago and it sucked!”
“Well that’s all I got. Maybe you could talk to the director to make changes since they also wrote it. I’m sure you and her are familiar with each other. You had an affair with her for quite some time.”
“Uh, you wanna narrow that list down Erik?”
“It’s Mary. You know, the one who used to be married to Frankie, until your affair broke up both of your marriages?”

Erik’s new information didn’t exactly make you any more enthusiastic to want to take the job.
> You insist that Erik give you something else
No, no, no, no! The movie sounds like it sucks and you’re not going to deal with Mary after all the shit you got yourself into last time with her.

“Fuck that Erik, there’s gotta be something else!”
“Well there’s a comic convention that needs another guest speaker…”

You slam the phone down. You need to get out of the house. You decide to go for a walk in the forest.
You wander around in the calmness of the forest and nature in general. Sometimes you wonder if you shouldn’t just go back to living in the wild. Things were certainly simpler then. While you’re thinking about the nostalgia of the old days, you see a very large hairy body lying prone in the distance.

“What the fuck…how the hell…” you mumble to yourself while going over to investigate. When you arrive, its exactly who you thought it was, though you don’t understand how you couldn’t have heard him lumbering through the forest given how big he is, let alone seen him.

“Hey Kong! You alive? Wake up!” you shout. Kong stirs a little and then sits up to yawn. He scratches his now silverback and looks over at you.
“Wolf? What’re you doing here?”
“Me? I live just a few miles away! What’re you doing here and how is it that I didn’t see or hear you crashing through the forest?”
“Oh I can be pretty silent when I want to be.”
“Okay, but what’re you doing here?”
“Back to nature my friend. Nancy kicked me out of the house. For good this time, she said she can’t put up with my chauvinism any more. All I told her was to get her ass back in the kitchen and make me a banana split and serve it to me naked.”
“Sounds like a reasonable request, so what happened?”
“She went into the kitchen, came back out with a frying pan of hot grease, threw the shit on me and kicked me in the balls, before shoving me out the door and calling me a fucking backward primate.”

You hold back some laughter, before speaking again.

“Tough break there Kong, but I guess you could look on the bright side, you’re back to your roots with no more cares anymore. Living free in the wild and all.”
“Are you on fucking crack Wolf? It sucks! You know when I lived on Skull Island I didn’t know any better, but in the last few days I’ve come to realize living in a warm HOUSE and sleeping in a bed is way better than living in the cold wild and sleeping on the ground where bugs crawl all over you!”

Kong’s remarks certainly have made you reconsider your previous nostalgia of the old days.

“Well, can’t you just make up with Nancy? Surely if she’s put up with you this long and if you apologized and did all that romantic crap she’d let you back in.”
“Don’t think so Wolf, I never was good at that, besides she’s got a restraining order on me too.”
”What else did you do to her?”
“Nothing! She’s just being a crazy bitch, that’s unwilling to listen to reason. Well unwilling to listen to me anyway. Hey Wolf, you’ve always been a smooth talker with ladies. Maybe you could talk some sense into her for me.”
“Uh, I dunno Kong I don’t really like getting into the middle of shit like this, don’t you have someplace else to stay, hey what about your cousin Joe?”
“I’m not staying with him! He’s a fucking fag!”
“Well, beggars can’t be chooser Kong, besides he’s your cousin it’s not like you have worry about him trying any ass pirate shit on you. I’m sure he’s got a nice house too.”
“Yeah, I guess…but I’d still prefer to go back to my own home, and I’m not sure if Joe would let me stay anyway. You gotta help me out Wolf, Nancy kicked me out with nothing, and I don’t even have any money in the bank. I don’t want to be living in the fucking wilderness again!”

You normally aren’t one to help someone for no reason, but there’s the fact that you don’t want him living that close to you, you don’t relish the idea of him taking big healthy dumps in a forest you live near, so to avoid wearing a clothespin on your nose for the rest of your time living here, you decide to help Kong.
> You go talk to Nancy
“Alright Kong I’ll go talk to Nancy.”
“Cool. You always had a better way with words than I did, more diplomatic.”
“That’s gotta be the first time I’ve ever heard someone call me diplomatic, but I’ll see what I can do, I’m not guaranteeing anything though.”

Kong gives you the address and you head back to your cabin where you get on you Harley and drive off. You have no plan whatsoever. You’re just going to fumble your way through and try to turn on the charm.

Eventually you get to the house which is huge, but then it would have to be to accommodate a couple of giants. You can’t even reach the doorbell, so you just kick the door and howl as loud as you can. A few minutes pass and you think you haven’t been heard, but eventually a colossal bald man with a towel wrapped around his waist opens the door, its Glenn. Well this was certainly unexpected. He looks down with a perturbed stare.

“Yeah, whadda you want?” he booms.
“Is Nancy home?”
“Whadda ya want with Nancy, hairball?”
“I have to talk to her, its important.”
“Yeah, well I say it isn’t, now get the fuck outta here!”
“Look, I’m not looking for trouble, just let me talk to Nancy it won’t take long.”
“It won’t take long because you ain’t gonna do it, now get the fuck outta here you fucking mutt!”
“Do you even know who I am?” you say starting to lose your temper.
“Yeah I do, and if you don’t get the fuck outta here I’m gonna know who you WERE!”

While you study his foot, and deciding which one of those big veins you’re going rip into before running off to hide, Nancy comes to the door in a silk robe. She’s kept herself in pretty good condition, either that, or the alien ray that hit her slowed down her aging process.

“Glenn, what’s going on…oh hello Wolf. What bring you here?”
“Hello Nancy, I need to talk to you for a moment.”
“Nancy you want me to get rid of this hairball?”
“No Glenn that’s not necessary, be nice.”
“Yeah whatever, look I’m leaving, I’ll be back later tonight so you be ready for another round of the amazing colossal dick! Har har har har!” Glenn at this point slaps Nancy hard on her ass, and walks out the door and down the street with just the towel around him!

“Uh, isn’t he forgetting something?”
“Yes, but its not the first time. One time he left without even a towel.”
“Yikes, that must’ve been a sight.”
“(Sigh) Not really, he’s isn’t nearly as colossal as he thinks…but anyway come on in.”

You enter the house and follow Nancy into the kitchen who makes herself some coffee. You look up at the table trying to figure out the best way to climb up there; Nancy unexpectedly picks you up and puts on it.

“Ohh your fur is so soft.” She says brushing her finger against your back. “So what did you have to tell me?”

“Its about Kong, he’s taken residence in a forest not too far away from my cabin, he says you kicked him out and he wants to come back home.”
“You have my sympathies, for getting him as a neighbor, but I’m not taking him back. I’ve put up with his shit for too long. I was an idiot thinking I could change him. Sometimes I don’t know what the fuck is wrong with me.”

Nancy’s pleasant demeanor has changed. This is a delicate situation, say the wrong thing and you could be in real danger.
> You ask her about Glenn
“So I see you’ve hooked up with Glenn, how’s that working out?” you ask.
“Oh its great…” she says. Her demeanor didn’t change.
“So is Glenn treating you any better?” you ask
“Well…uh…yeah! Yes he is…”
“That didn’t sound very convincing Nancy.”
“Okay, so he’s a dickhead too, but at least with him he goes home and I don’t have to slave over him on a regular basis.”
“Oh no, you just get treated like a cum bucket whenever he wants some pussy.”
“EXCUSE ME?!”
“Hey look, I’m just tellin’ it like it is. From what I can tell he isn’t exactly Mr. Right. Sheesh don’t you know the guy’s past? He’s fucking crazy.”
“Yeah, but I can change him…”
”This again? Look honey, your track record isn’t good as far as that goes. Besides you can’t change the insane.”
”(Sob!) I know! Why the hell do I keep doing this to myself! (Sob!)”

Oh shit, you just got yourself into some drama you didn’t want to; you try to change the subject back to Kong.

“Look, obviously Kong can’t be as bad as Colossal Asshole.”
“(Sniff) Oh no? He doesn’t do shit around the house and this is MY house! MY money paid for everything in here! If it wasn’t for me picking him up all those years ago he wouldn’t have a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out! Fuck him! I’m sick of him taking me for granted. I just jumped from one abusive marriage to another!”
“Erm…Kong doesn’t beat you does he? Because if that’s the case then…”
“Oh no, he’s never done that. If that ever had happened, I would’ve kicked him out a long time ago.”
“Well, maybe I was wrong and you did change him a little then. I mean if you knew Kong back in the day, he had real temper problems. It seems like you did have some effect on him.”
“Maybe…”
“Look how about I go back and talk to…”

Suddenly the doorbell rings.

“Hold on Wolf let me get that.”

While you wait for Nancy to come back, you think you’re on the right track to convincing her to take back Kong. Then she arrives in the kitchen with some big ass roses and happily reading a card.

“Where the hell did you get those things? Hey are those from Kong?” you say hopefully.
“No.”
“They aren’t from Glenn are they?” you ask a little more worried.
“Pfft, yeah right.”
“So who are they from?”
“Oh they’re from Ymir, he probably had Joe specially grow them for me…he’s so sweet and sensitive.”
”You’re fucking Ymir too?!” you exclaim.
“No, he just leaves me presents with cards on my doorstep. He’s so shy, I wish he wasn’t though, because I wouldn’t mind seeing him. He writes the most romantic things…”

Nancy begins to day dream about Ymir and now you’re back at square one again. Still, you do wonder if she shouldn’t be with Ymir. Nancy does seem like a nice girl and she probably deserves better than Kong, and certainly deserves better than Glenn.
> You be a good Samaritan
Here’s your good deed for…well you can’t remember the last time you did one, but you’re doing one now.

“Nancy, you want me to find Ymir and talk to him?”
“You’d do that? Why yes! But how are you going to find him?”
“Please, I got an excellent sense of smell. I could find him if he was 20 miles from this house.”
“Well okay then, tell him I’m interested and he needn’t be shy.”

Nancy puts you down on the floor and opens the door for you. You know where the hell he’s at, Venusian isn’t a common smell on this planet and you aren’t going to have to go too far to find him. You walk around the corner of the house and see him hiding in the overgrown bushes looking into one of the windows. Big enough to hide him from Nancy, but not you since you can walk right in the things.

“So Ymir, are you actually ever going to talk to Nancy, or are you going to stalk her forever?”
“Argh! Wolf! I thought you were in the house! Um…did she get my roses?” Ymir asks surprised.
“Yeah she got them and she likes them, so why don’t you just talk to her already?”
“I dunno, she’s taller than me and…”
“Don’t mean shit! I went out with Mary and she was taller than me, and that wasn’t even including that ridiculous beehive hairstyle she had! Look I know for a fact she likes you, she told me to tell you as much. Now I was originally here to hook her back up with Kong…so are you gonna let me do that? Or are you gonna fuckin’ man up and go talk to the girl, because she’s got that Colossal asshole coming by later too.”
“Well, I guess I’ll try.”
“Dammit! Don’t try! Do! There is no try! You gotta go in there with all the confidence that you say in your love poems or whatever the hell you’ve been writing to her. Obviously you’ve got the words, now just say the shit to her in person.”

Ymir puffs up with pride.

“I’ll do it!”
“That’s the spirit. Now go in there and get your woman.”
“Hey wait, you think I’ll be big enough to um…”
”What? To fuck her? Shit I dunno, just lick her pussy a lot, she’ll be happy trust me.”

As you leave Ymir knocks on the door and Nancy opens it and gives him a big hug immediately. Looks like your work is done here. You drive back home.

You get back and walk to where Kong is. He’s sleeping again.

“Hey Kong wake up!”
“Hmm? Yeah, I’m up. So did you do it?”
“Nope, sorry. Couldn’t convince her.”
“Ah well it was a long shot. Guess we’re neighbors.”
“Guess so, see ya.”

Kong rolls over back to sleep and you go back to your cabin. A few days pass and just as you thought, a new “aroma” invades the area. You’re happy to take the damn comic convention job just to get away from the stink.

Just goes to show what you’ve always known:

“No good deed goes unpunished.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“So I see you’ve hooked up with Glenn, how’s that working out?” you ask.
“Oh its great…” she says. Her demeanor didn’t change.
“So is Glenn treating you any better?” you ask
“Well…uh…yeah! Yes he is…”
“That didn’t sound very convincing Nancy.”
“Okay, so he’s a dickhead too, but at least with him he goes home and I don’t have to slave over him on a regular basis.”
“Oh no, you just get treated like a cum bucket whenever he wants some pussy.”
“EXCUSE ME?!”
“Hey look, I’m just tellin’ it like it is. From what I can tell he isn’t exactly Mr. Right. Sheesh don’t you know the guy’s past? He’s fucking crazy.”
“Yeah, but I can change him…”
”This again? Look honey, your track record isn’t good as far as that goes. Besides you can’t change the insane.”
”(Sob!) I know! Why the hell do I keep doing this to myself! (Sob!)”

Oh shit, you just got yourself into some drama you didn’t want to; you try to change the subject back to Kong.

“Look, obviously Kong can’t be as bad as Colossal Asshole.”
“(Sniff) Oh no? He doesn’t do shit around the house and this is MY house! MY money paid for everything in here! If it wasn’t for me picking him up all those years ago he wouldn’t have a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out! Fuck him! I’m sick of him taking me for granted. I just jumped from one abusive marriage to another!”
“Erm…Kong doesn’t beat you does he? Because if that’s the case then…”
“Oh no, he’s never done that. If that ever had happened, I would’ve kicked him out a long time ago.”
“Well, maybe I was wrong and you did change him a little then. I mean if you knew Kong back in the day, he had real temper problems. It seems like you did have some effect on him.”
“Maybe…”
“Look how about I go back and talk to…”

Suddenly the doorbell rings.

“Hold on Wolf let me get that.”

While you wait for Nancy to come back, you think you’re on the right track to convincing her to take back Kong. Then she arrives in the kitchen with some big ass roses and happily reading a card.

“Where the hell did you get those things? Hey are those from Kong?” you say hopefully.
“No.”
“They aren’t from Glenn are they?” you ask a little more worried.
“Pfft, yeah right.”
“So who are they from?”
“Oh they’re from Ymir, he probably had Joe specially grow them for me…he’s so sweet and sensitive.”
”You’re fucking Ymir too?!” you exclaim.
“No, he just leaves me presents with cards on my doorstep. He’s so shy, I wish he wasn’t though, because I wouldn’t mind seeing him. He writes the most romantic things…”

Nancy begins to day dream about Ymir and now you’re back at square one again. Still, you do wonder if she shouldn’t be with Ymir. Nancy does seem like a nice girl and she probably deserves better than Kong, and certainly deserves better than Glenn.
> You convince her to take Kong back
Nope you were here to help Kong and that’s what you’re going to do, for good or bad.

“See? See what I’m saying Nancy? You’re doing it again! You’re falling for the romantic bit. Ymir’s just saying all that shit to get on your good side.”
“You think so?”
“Hell yeah! A lot of guys do it; you should know that by now! Look, I’ve used the same damn routine on several occasions until I just got too fucking lazy and decided it was too much trouble!”
“I suppose you’re right, but why would he be too shy to show up? Surely it can’t all be an act.”
“Hey, guy can do anything to get the pussy. Of course maybe it isn’t an act, and he’s just a creepy stalker type. You ever think of that? Maybe hiding and secretly spying on you! He is smaller than you, you know.”

Nancy looks a bit worried by that revelation.

“Eek! I never even thought of that!”
”See? That’s why you shouldn’t even consider getting with Ymir and should go back with Kong, at least you know where you stand with him.”
“Maybe…but what about Glenn?”
“What?! Hell no! You don’t want him, he’s a fucking nutball! Maybe Kong’s not the most sensitive, but at least you can reason with him. He can’t be all bad; you have stayed married all these years.”
“I guess you’re right. Maybe I overreacted…okay you can tell Kong he can come back, but he’s going to have to stop saying some of the shit he says to me!”
“I’ll tell him.”

Nancy puts you back on the floor and opens the door for you to leave. You get back on your bike and ride back home to where Kong is munching on some leaves in a bored fashion.

“Hey Kong…what the fuck man? You eat every leaf in the fucking forest?”
“Just the ones in the immediate area…what? I was hungry!”
”Well, you can get yourself a home cooked meal now, Nancy’s willing to take you back, BUT you need to at least act a little less like an asshole. Tell her you love her and all that shit every now and then.”
“Aw man…”
”Jesus fuckin’ Christ Kong it ain’t that hard! Hell she’s doing everything for your broke ass. I wish I was that fuckin’ lucky! You oughta be a little bit appreciative! She’s got other giants after her already.”
“What?! Oh shit! I guess I better watch myself.”
“Guess you better, okay then off you go.”
“Hey thanks Wolf, I won’t forget this, when Nancy gives me my weekly allowance I’ll make sure to have a check sent to you.”

He takes his leave and you head back home, not really expecting anything from Kong, a few days later when you’re dreading having to take that comic convention job, you get a check in the mail, its from Kong just like he promised.

Hooray, you can avoid being a guest speaker for a bunch of nerds for at least another year!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“So I see you’ve hooked up with Glenn, how’s that working out?” you ask.
“Oh its great…” she says. Her demeanor didn’t change.
“So is Glenn treating you any better?” you ask
“Well…uh…yeah! Yes he is…”
“That didn’t sound very convincing Nancy.”
“Okay, so he’s a dickhead too, but at least with him he goes home and I don’t have to slave over him on a regular basis.”
“Oh no, you just get treated like a cum bucket whenever he wants some pussy.”
“EXCUSE ME?!”
“Hey look, I’m just tellin’ it like it is. From what I can tell he isn’t exactly Mr. Right. Sheesh don’t you know the guy’s past? He’s fucking crazy.”
“Yeah, but I can change him…”
”This again? Look honey, your track record isn’t good as far as that goes. Besides you can’t change the insane.”
”(Sob!) I know! Why the hell do I keep doing this to myself! (Sob!)”

Oh shit, you just got yourself into some drama you didn’t want to; you try to change the subject back to Kong.

“Look, obviously Kong can’t be as bad as Colossal Asshole.”
“(Sniff) Oh no? He doesn’t do shit around the house and this is MY house! MY money paid for everything in here! If it wasn’t for me picking him up all those years ago he wouldn’t have a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out! Fuck him! I’m sick of him taking me for granted. I just jumped from one abusive marriage to another!”
“Erm…Kong doesn’t beat you does he? Because if that’s the case then…”
“Oh no, he’s never done that. If that ever had happened, I would’ve kicked him out a long time ago.”
“Well, maybe I was wrong and you did change him a little then. I mean if you knew Kong back in the day, he had real temper problems. It seems like you did have some effect on him.”
“Maybe…”
“Look how about I go back and talk to…”

Suddenly the doorbell rings.

“Hold on Wolf let me get that.”

While you wait for Nancy to come back, you think you’re on the right track to convincing her to take back Kong. Then she arrives in the kitchen with some big ass roses and happily reading a card.

“Where the hell did you get those things? Hey are those from Kong?” you say hopefully.
“No.”
“They aren’t from Glenn are they?” you ask a little more worried.
“Pfft, yeah right.”
“So who are they from?”
“Oh they’re from Ymir, he probably had Joe specially grow them for me…he’s so sweet and sensitive.”
”You’re fucking Ymir too?!” you exclaim.
“No, he just leaves me presents with cards on my doorstep. He’s so shy, I wish he wasn’t though, because I wouldn’t mind seeing him. He writes the most romantic things…”

Nancy begins to day dream about Ymir and now you’re back at square one again. Still, you do wonder if she shouldn’t be with Ymir. Nancy does seem like a nice girl and she probably deserves better than Kong, and certainly deserves better than Glenn.
> You memories (Ymir)
The Beast From Space: Ymir

You don’t know too much about Ymir, all you mainly know is he’s originally from Venus. He never really fit in with the rest of the monsters mainly due to his height, he wasn’t small enough to hang out with the likes of you and Fagula, but he wasn’t big enough to hang out with the giants like Kong.

It was because of this, he tried a little harder to prove he could be just as destructive as the bigger giants in movies, but as far as his private life was concerned he didn’t cause any mayhem at all.

Most directors loved working with him.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Alright Kong I’ll go talk to Nancy.”
“Cool. You always had a better way with words than I did, more diplomatic.”
“That’s gotta be the first time I’ve ever heard someone call me diplomatic, but I’ll see what I can do, I’m not guaranteeing anything though.”

Kong gives you the address and you head back to your cabin where you get on you Harley and drive off. You have no plan whatsoever. You’re just going to fumble your way through and try to turn on the charm.

Eventually you get to the house which is huge, but then it would have to be to accommodate a couple of giants. You can’t even reach the doorbell, so you just kick the door and howl as loud as you can. A few minutes pass and you think you haven’t been heard, but eventually a colossal bald man with a towel wrapped around his waist opens the door, its Glenn. Well this was certainly unexpected. He looks down with a perturbed stare.

“Yeah, whadda you want?” he booms.
“Is Nancy home?”
“Whadda ya want with Nancy, hairball?”
“I have to talk to her, its important.”
“Yeah, well I say it isn’t, now get the fuck outta here!”
“Look, I’m not looking for trouble, just let me talk to Nancy it won’t take long.”
“It won’t take long because you ain’t gonna do it, now get the fuck outta here you fucking mutt!”
“Do you even know who I am?” you say starting to lose your temper.
“Yeah I do, and if you don’t get the fuck outta here I’m gonna know who you WERE!”

While you study his foot, and deciding which one of those big veins you’re going rip into before running off to hide, Nancy comes to the door in a silk robe. She’s kept herself in pretty good condition, either that, or the alien ray that hit her slowed down her aging process.

“Glenn, what’s going on…oh hello Wolf. What bring you here?”
“Hello Nancy, I need to talk to you for a moment.”
“Nancy you want me to get rid of this hairball?”
“No Glenn that’s not necessary, be nice.”
“Yeah whatever, look I’m leaving, I’ll be back later tonight so you be ready for another round of the amazing colossal dick! Har har har har!” Glenn at this point slaps Nancy hard on her ass, and walks out the door and down the street with just the towel around him!

“Uh, isn’t he forgetting something?”
“Yes, but its not the first time. One time he left without even a towel.”
“Yikes, that must’ve been a sight.”
“(Sigh) Not really, he’s isn’t nearly as colossal as he thinks…but anyway come on in.”

You enter the house and follow Nancy into the kitchen who makes herself some coffee. You look up at the table trying to figure out the best way to climb up there; Nancy unexpectedly picks you up and puts on it.

“Ohh your fur is so soft.” She says brushing her finger against your back. “So what did you have to tell me?”

“Its about Kong, he’s taken residence in a forest not too far away from my cabin, he says you kicked him out and he wants to come back home.”
“You have my sympathies, for getting him as a neighbor, but I’m not taking him back. I’ve put up with his shit for too long. I was an idiot thinking I could change him. Sometimes I don’t know what the fuck is wrong with me.”

Nancy’s pleasant demeanor has changed. This is a delicate situation, say the wrong thing and you could be in real danger.
> You continue to talk to her about Kong
“Look he says he’s really sorry. Why don’t you just give him a second chance?” you continue to press the issue.
“I said NO and if he sent you here to convince me then you can go right back and tell him you fuckin’ failed!”
“Oh so Glenn’s such a better choice huh? I though you were supposed to be a feminist. Usually those types are smart, you’re about as bright as a fucking busted nightlight!”
“Get the fuck outta my house, you fuckin’ males are all alike! Trying to boss us around and tell us what to do!”
“Yeah, yeah fine I’m outta here, enjoy bein’ Glenn’s fuck toy. I swear you bitches never know what the fuck you want…”

That last remark gets you a hard slap from Nancy. You go flying from the table and through the window and continue flying until you hit a tree. You then fall to the ground in a heap. You attempt to stand back up, but you’re very woozy. You see Kong sitting nearby watching you try to regain your balance. She must’ve knocked you back to where you started!

“Well let me guess, she’s not taking me back.” He says
“Got it in one Kong.” You say and then fall unconscious.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Alright Kong I’ll go talk to Nancy.”
“Cool. You always had a better way with words than I did, more diplomatic.”
“That’s gotta be the first time I’ve ever heard someone call me diplomatic, but I’ll see what I can do, I’m not guaranteeing anything though.”

Kong gives you the address and you head back to your cabin where you get on you Harley and drive off. You have no plan whatsoever. You’re just going to fumble your way through and try to turn on the charm.

Eventually you get to the house which is huge, but then it would have to be to accommodate a couple of giants. You can’t even reach the doorbell, so you just kick the door and howl as loud as you can. A few minutes pass and you think you haven’t been heard, but eventually a colossal bald man with a towel wrapped around his waist opens the door, its Glenn. Well this was certainly unexpected. He looks down with a perturbed stare.

“Yeah, whadda you want?” he booms.
“Is Nancy home?”
“Whadda ya want with Nancy, hairball?”
“I have to talk to her, its important.”
“Yeah, well I say it isn’t, now get the fuck outta here!”
“Look, I’m not looking for trouble, just let me talk to Nancy it won’t take long.”
“It won’t take long because you ain’t gonna do it, now get the fuck outta here you fucking mutt!”
“Do you even know who I am?” you say starting to lose your temper.
“Yeah I do, and if you don’t get the fuck outta here I’m gonna know who you WERE!”

While you study his foot, and deciding which one of those big veins you’re going rip into before running off to hide, Nancy comes to the door in a silk robe. She’s kept herself in pretty good condition, either that, or the alien ray that hit her slowed down her aging process.

“Glenn, what’s going on…oh hello Wolf. What bring you here?”
“Hello Nancy, I need to talk to you for a moment.”
“Nancy you want me to get rid of this hairball?”
“No Glenn that’s not necessary, be nice.”
“Yeah whatever, look I’m leaving, I’ll be back later tonight so you be ready for another round of the amazing colossal dick! Har har har har!” Glenn at this point slaps Nancy hard on her ass, and walks out the door and down the street with just the towel around him!

“Uh, isn’t he forgetting something?”
“Yes, but its not the first time. One time he left without even a towel.”
“Yikes, that must’ve been a sight.”
“(Sigh) Not really, he’s isn’t nearly as colossal as he thinks…but anyway come on in.”

You enter the house and follow Nancy into the kitchen who makes herself some coffee. You look up at the table trying to figure out the best way to climb up there; Nancy unexpectedly picks you up and puts on it.

“Ohh your fur is so soft.” She says brushing her finger against your back. “So what did you have to tell me?”

“Its about Kong, he’s taken residence in a forest not too far away from my cabin, he says you kicked him out and he wants to come back home.”
“You have my sympathies, for getting him as a neighbor, but I’m not taking him back. I’ve put up with his shit for too long. I was an idiot thinking I could change him. Sometimes I don’t know what the fuck is wrong with me.”

Nancy’s pleasant demeanor has changed. This is a delicate situation, say the wrong thing and you could be in real danger.
> You memories (Glenn)
The Amazing Colossal Man: Glenn Manning

Glenn was just another normal human who got “monsterized” through technology. A common theme during the 1950s. In this case it was a good old nuclear explosion and radiation that steadily caused him to grow into a giant.

Given that he was soldier, the army was hoping to use him as some kind of weapon, but that was quickly dismissed due to his growing mental instability. Glenn, hadn’t been known to be stable anyway, he’d come close to a Section 8 a couple times before becoming a giant. It was only due to his coming from a proud military family that he’d avoided such a dismissal. Now that he was a 50ft freak, he just went crazier than a shithouse rat sitting in the hot sun. He wreaked havoc and again, it was only because of his influential family that he wasn’t killed and merely captured and heavily drugged instead.

He was ultimately institutionalized and kept heavily doped up for a majority of his life, and let out for periods of time. A few agents wanted to use him in a series of movies, but most attempts were failures. He was either too doped up to act properly, or not doped up enough to act civilized.

In his later years he became a little more subdued and was released permanently, but still had to take medication.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No, no, no, no! The movie sounds like it sucks and you’re not going to deal with Mary after all the shit you got yourself into last time with her.

“Fuck that Erik, there’s gotta be something else!”
“Well there’s a comic convention that needs another guest speaker…”

You slam the phone down. You need to get out of the house. You decide to go for a walk in the forest.
You wander around in the calmness of the forest and nature in general. Sometimes you wonder if you shouldn’t just go back to living in the wild. Things were certainly simpler then. While you’re thinking about the nostalgia of the old days, you see a very large hairy body lying prone in the distance.

“What the fuck…how the hell…” you mumble to yourself while going over to investigate. When you arrive, its exactly who you thought it was, though you don’t understand how you couldn’t have heard him lumbering through the forest given how big he is, let alone seen him.

“Hey Kong! You alive? Wake up!” you shout. Kong stirs a little and then sits up to yawn. He scratches his now silverback and looks over at you.
“Wolf? What’re you doing here?”
“Me? I live just a few miles away! What’re you doing here and how is it that I didn’t see or hear you crashing through the forest?”
“Oh I can be pretty silent when I want to be.”
“Okay, but what’re you doing here?”
“Back to nature my friend. Nancy kicked me out of the house. For good this time, she said she can’t put up with my chauvinism any more. All I told her was to get her ass back in the kitchen and make me a banana split and serve it to me naked.”
“Sounds like a reasonable request, so what happened?”
“She went into the kitchen, came back out with a frying pan of hot grease, threw the shit on me and kicked me in the balls, before shoving me out the door and calling me a fucking backward primate.”

You hold back some laughter, before speaking again.

“Tough break there Kong, but I guess you could look on the bright side, you’re back to your roots with no more cares anymore. Living free in the wild and all.”
“Are you on fucking crack Wolf? It sucks! You know when I lived on Skull Island I didn’t know any better, but in the last few days I’ve come to realize living in a warm HOUSE and sleeping in a bed is way better than living in the cold wild and sleeping on the ground where bugs crawl all over you!”

Kong’s remarks certainly have made you reconsider your previous nostalgia of the old days.

“Well, can’t you just make up with Nancy? Surely if she’s put up with you this long and if you apologized and did all that romantic crap she’d let you back in.”
“Don’t think so Wolf, I never was good at that, besides she’s got a restraining order on me too.”
”What else did you do to her?”
“Nothing! She’s just being a crazy bitch, that’s unwilling to listen to reason. Well unwilling to listen to me anyway. Hey Wolf, you’ve always been a smooth talker with ladies. Maybe you could talk some sense into her for me.”
“Uh, I dunno Kong I don’t really like getting into the middle of shit like this, don’t you have someplace else to stay, hey what about your cousin Joe?”
“I’m not staying with him! He’s a fucking fag!”
“Well, beggars can’t be chooser Kong, besides he’s your cousin it’s not like you have worry about him trying any ass pirate shit on you. I’m sure he’s got a nice house too.”
“Yeah, I guess…but I’d still prefer to go back to my own home, and I’m not sure if Joe would let me stay anyway. You gotta help me out Wolf, Nancy kicked me out with nothing, and I don’t even have any money in the bank. I don’t want to be living in the fucking wilderness again!”

You normally aren’t one to help someone for no reason, but there’s the fact that you don’t want him living that close to you, you don’t relish the idea of him taking big healthy dumps in a forest you live near, so to avoid wearing a clothespin on your nose for the rest of your time living here, you decide to help Kong.
> You go talk to Joe
“Well, I think it’s a lost cause with your wife, and to be quite honest I don’t want to get caught up in the drama, but I can go talk with your cousin Joe if you want.” You say.

Kong looks disappointed by your remark, and agonizes over making a decision, but finally gives you the okay.

“Alright Wolf, but I don’t like this.”
“You’ll like it even less, if you have to live out here, now gimme the address.”

Kong gives you the address and you go back to your cabin, start up your Harley and ride off. You don’t really have a plan, you’re just going to fumble through as usual, and you just hope Joe doesn’t hit on you.

When you get to the house its very large like you expected, but not overly so. You notice the exterior is kept in very good condition, you have no doubt the inside looks like that as well. You get to the door and ring a doorbell that has been conveniently placed at your height level for normal sized guests.

Joe opens the door and looks down.

“Wolf? Well this IS a pleasant surprise! What brings you here, you perfect specimen of male?”

Well no such luck of him not hitting on you.

“Settle down there Joe, I’m just here to talk about your cousin Kong.”
“Oh. Well what about him?”
“He got kicked out by wife Nancy and now he’s living in a forest near my cabin, so can he stay here?”
“So, Nancy finally threw that scrub to the curb eh? It’s about time girlfriend did that! Even I told her it was a bad idea for her to marry him. Well you have my sympathies Wolf, but I’m not having that homophobe living here! Though if you like YOU can live here!”
“Uh, no. Besides I’m a homophobe too.”
“Yes, but you’re a cute one!”
“So all the GIRLS tell me. Look isn’t there anyway you’d reconsider? I mean he is family and all. I could tell him to behave himself, and he probably would since he really doesn’t want to be living in the wilderness again.”
“Well…I guess, but surely you’ve noticed this place really isn’t built to accommodate his size. He’s a lot bigger than me you know.”

You could kick yourself for not realizing that before. You sigh, but ask if there are any arrangements that could be made.

“Isn’t there anywhere here he could stay?”
“Not unless I had a giant addition built on to my house and I’m not about to do that, I have this house just perfect the way it is.”
“How about your backyard? Don’t you have a large backyard with a garden?”
“Yes I do, and I’m not about to have that lug crushing all my flowers! However there is a nearby cave that’s in the backyard that could accommodate him. But I’m having problems with my backyard in general which I’m trying to fix as we speak.”
“What kind of problems?”
“My garden has been infested with those awful Triffids! Horrid things, making that noise and killing my workers! It’s really ruining my business at this point. I’d get rid of them, but they’re much too nasty for me! Those stingers hurt!”

You already know what he’s going to ask you, so you beat him to it.

“If I get rid of these things can Kong stay in the cave?”
“You’d do that? Oh thank you! And yes, if you saved my garden I’d take my cousin in.”

Well that’s settled, get rid of the Triffids and Kong can stay, now you just have to figure out how to do it.
> You rip them out yourself
You figure Joe wants his garden still intact hence the reason he never used toxic chemicals, you prepare yourself for battle and enter the backyard which is littered here and there with dead human workers. The Triffids instantly sense you and begin to crawl slowly over towards you.

Fighting them isn’t really that hard, Joe probably kept getting stung due to the fact that he’s a larger target and isn’t as fast as you. You easily avoid their stingers and carefully avoid getting surrounded as you turn them into Caesar salad. Soon you’re finished! You knock on the back door and Joe answers.

“All finished Joe.”
“What already? Wow, you’re efficient! Maybe you should stick around to help me on a regular basis.”
“Don’t think so, but nice try. So Kong can stay then?”
“Of course, I keep my word, (Sigh) I’m going to have to hire all new workers though, I’m really going to take a loss this year.”

You turn briefly around and see someone coming out of the cave.

“Hey Joe, looks like you won’t have to hire all new workers, there’s one coming out of the cave, guess some of them were hiding in there huh?”

Joe looks over and another one comes out, then another.

“That’s weird…I thought he was…now wait I know he’s…I saw!”
“What? What’s going on?” You ask.
“I saw those workers die! I saw the damn Triffids kill them right before my eyes! How can they be over there alive!?”

At first you think zombies, but that can’t be it. Then you notice one of the dead bodies looks very similar to one of the ones coming out of the caves, and that’s when you know what you’re dealing with.

“Uh Joe, you got something worse than just a Triffid infestation, you got fucking Body Snatchers! Fucking Pod People man!” you exclaim.

At this point a bunch of them have just come out of the cave and they all look in your direction and let out an ear piecing screech while pointing at you.

“Oh no! Wolf can you kill them too?” Joe asks as they advance.
> You kill the Body Snatcher yourself
“What?! Oh for fuck’s sake, alright you big pussy.” You say and walk towards them while Joe hides in his house.

You clobber a couple of them, and think this is going to be an easy fight, that is until one of them starts talking about the intricacies of tax forms, then another talks about the topic of lint collecting and the details about it. Yet another discusses the fascinating subject of the history of cabinet making…

You’ve never been overwhelmed by such mind-numbing matter! Your energy begins to leave you and your lids begin to get heavy. You fall into a deep slumber which you never wake up from. Soon a doppelganger of you is hatched.

The Boring Snatchers have claimed another victim.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You figure Joe wants his garden still intact hence the reason he never used toxic chemicals, you prepare yourself for battle and enter the backyard which is littered here and there with dead human workers. The Triffids instantly sense you and begin to crawl slowly over towards you.

Fighting them isn’t really that hard, Joe probably kept getting stung due to the fact that he’s a larger target and isn’t as fast as you. You easily avoid their stingers and carefully avoid getting surrounded as you turn them into Caesar salad. Soon you’re finished! You knock on the back door and Joe answers.

“All finished Joe.”
“What already? Wow, you’re efficient! Maybe you should stick around to help me on a regular basis.”
“Don’t think so, but nice try. So Kong can stay then?”
“Of course, I keep my word, (Sigh) I’m going to have to hire all new workers though, I’m really going to take a loss this year.”

You turn briefly around and see someone coming out of the cave.

“Hey Joe, looks like you won’t have to hire all new workers, there’s one coming out of the cave, guess some of them were hiding in there huh?”

Joe looks over and another one comes out, then another.

“That’s weird…I thought he was…now wait I know he’s…I saw!”
“What? What’s going on?” You ask.
“I saw those workers die! I saw the damn Triffids kill them right before my eyes! How can they be over there alive!?”

At first you think zombies, but that can’t be it. Then you notice one of the dead bodies looks very similar to one of the ones coming out of the caves, and that’s when you know what you’re dealing with.

“Uh Joe, you got something worse than just a Triffid infestation, you got fucking Body Snatchers! Fucking Pod People man!” you exclaim.

At this point a bunch of them have just come out of the cave and they all look in your direction and let out an ear piecing screech while pointing at you.

“Oh no! Wolf can you kill them too?” Joe asks as they advance.
> You tell Joe to help you
“Hey look, there’s a lot of them and I just expended energy fighting a bunch of Triffids! This is your business at stake here. Hell you’re two times bigger than me, the least you can do is help!”
“Erm…well…okay, I guess you’re right. I just don’t like violence, I’m a lover not a fighter.” Joe says.

You both walk towards them and get into it. You clobber a couple of them, and think this
is going to be an easy fight, that is until one of them starts talking about the intricacies of insurance forms, then another talks about the topic of button collecting and the details about it. Yet another discusses the fascinating subject of the history of chamber pot making…

You’ve never been overwhelmed by such mind-numbing matter! Your energy begins to leave you and your lids begin to get heavy. Fortunately Joe is there to help you from falling asleep.

“Wake up Wolf! Don’t listen to them!” he shouts while punches out three of them at the same time.
“Huh? Yeah!” you say getting yourself back into the fight.

Eventually you both pound all the pod people back into mulch.

“Man, what a boring fight.” You say.
“I’m just glad its over, I think I ruined my manicure, I’ll have to make an appointment to get another one.”
“Yeah anyway, that should be the end of your plant problems now. You’re not a bad fighter, for someone who claims to be a lover. I’ll just tell Kong he can come over.”
“Hold on Wolf, you did help a lot, I didn’t even know about the Body Snatcher hiding in the cave. Good thing you were here, before they got too powerful. Here’s some money for your help.”
“Hey, thanks Joe. Glad this hasn’t been for nothing.”

You leave Joe to his clean up and ride back home. You then walk back to where Kong is.

“Okay I think you can stay at Joe’s, he’s got a cave in his backyard, you can take up residence in, it’s better than nothing.”
“I suppose so; I just hope he doesn’t pitch a bitch at me if I accidentally step on a couple of his faggot ass flowers.”
“Hey, if you know what’s good for you, you won’t be talking like that around him or else you’ll be getting kicked out again.” You remind Kong.
“Yeah, yeah, I know, well thanks for helping me out. I almost didn’t think you would when I first asked you.”
“What can I say; it’s been that kind of day for me…and it won’t be again for a long ass time if I have anything to do about it.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You figure Joe wants his garden still intact hence the reason he never used toxic chemicals, you prepare yourself for battle and enter the backyard which is littered here and there with dead human workers. The Triffids instantly sense you and begin to crawl slowly over towards you.

Fighting them isn’t really that hard, Joe probably kept getting stung due to the fact that he’s a larger target and isn’t as fast as you. You easily avoid their stingers and carefully avoid getting surrounded as you turn them into Caesar salad. Soon you’re finished! You knock on the back door and Joe answers.

“All finished Joe.”
“What already? Wow, you’re efficient! Maybe you should stick around to help me on a regular basis.”
“Don’t think so, but nice try. So Kong can stay then?”
“Of course, I keep my word, (Sigh) I’m going to have to hire all new workers though, I’m really going to take a loss this year.”

You turn briefly around and see someone coming out of the cave.

“Hey Joe, looks like you won’t have to hire all new workers, there’s one coming out of the cave, guess some of them were hiding in there huh?”

Joe looks over and another one comes out, then another.

“That’s weird…I thought he was…now wait I know he’s…I saw!”
“What? What’s going on?” You ask.
“I saw those workers die! I saw the damn Triffids kill them right before my eyes! How can they be over there alive!?”

At first you think zombies, but that can’t be it. Then you notice one of the dead bodies looks very similar to one of the ones coming out of the caves, and that’s when you know what you’re dealing with.

“Uh Joe, you got something worse than just a Triffid infestation, you got fucking Body Snatchers! Fucking Pod People man!” you exclaim.

At this point a bunch of them have just come out of the cave and they all look in your direction and let out an ear piecing screech while pointing at you.

“Oh no! Wolf can you kill them too?” Joe asks as they advance.
> You memories (Body Snatchers)
The Pod People: Body Snatchers

Out of all the Alien races you’ve come across, or ANY race you’ve come across for that matter, the Body Snatchers have to be without a doubt the most BORING bunch of beings you’ve ever had the displeasure of meeting. They have no emotions whatsoever and talk in a monotone voice. They are not fun in any sense of the word and worse they want to turn everyone else like them as well. They’re like intergalactic religious missionaries, but even more boring if such a thing was possible. You can’t imagine what their home planet is like; it must be filled with bureaucrats, accountants and insurance agents.

It’s not even any fun fighting them. They just fall down and die when you kill them. No screams, no yelling, nothing. At most they might say “Ow.” and keel over.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Well, I think it’s a lost cause with your wife, and to be quite honest I don’t want to get caught up in the drama, but I can go talk with your cousin Joe if you want.” You say.

Kong looks disappointed by your remark, and agonizes over making a decision, but finally gives you the okay.

“Alright Wolf, but I don’t like this.”
“You’ll like it even less, if you have to live out here, now gimme the address.”

Kong gives you the address and you go back to your cabin, start up your Harley and ride off. You don’t really have a plan, you’re just going to fumble through as usual, and you just hope Joe doesn’t hit on you.

When you get to the house its very large like you expected, but not overly so. You notice the exterior is kept in very good condition, you have no doubt the inside looks like that as well. You get to the door and ring a doorbell that has been conveniently placed at your height level for normal sized guests.

Joe opens the door and looks down.

“Wolf? Well this IS a pleasant surprise! What brings you here, you perfect specimen of male?”

Well no such luck of him not hitting on you.

“Settle down there Joe, I’m just here to talk about your cousin Kong.”
“Oh. Well what about him?”
“He got kicked out by wife Nancy and now he’s living in a forest near my cabin, so can he stay here?”
“So, Nancy finally threw that scrub to the curb eh? It’s about time girlfriend did that! Even I told her it was a bad idea for her to marry him. Well you have my sympathies Wolf, but I’m not having that homophobe living here! Though if you like YOU can live here!”
“Uh, no. Besides I’m a homophobe too.”
“Yes, but you’re a cute one!”
“So all the GIRLS tell me. Look isn’t there anyway you’d reconsider? I mean he is family and all. I could tell him to behave himself, and he probably would since he really doesn’t want to be living in the wilderness again.”
“Well…I guess, but surely you’ve noticed this place really isn’t built to accommodate his size. He’s a lot bigger than me you know.”

You could kick yourself for not realizing that before. You sigh, but ask if there are any arrangements that could be made.

“Isn’t there anywhere here he could stay?”
“Not unless I had a giant addition built on to my house and I’m not about to do that, I have this house just perfect the way it is.”
“How about your backyard? Don’t you have a large backyard with a garden?”
“Yes I do, and I’m not about to have that lug crushing all my flowers! However there is a nearby cave that’s in the backyard that could accommodate him. But I’m having problems with my backyard in general which I’m trying to fix as we speak.”
“What kind of problems?”
“My garden has been infested with those awful Triffids! Horrid things, making that noise and killing my workers! It’s really ruining my business at this point. I’d get rid of them, but they’re much too nasty for me! Those stingers hurt!”

You already know what he’s going to ask you, so you beat him to it.

“If I get rid of these things can Kong stay in the cave?”
“You’d do that? Oh thank you! And yes, if you saved my garden I’d take my cousin in.”

Well that’s settled, get rid of the Triffids and Kong can stay, now you just have to figure out how to do it.
> You use more chemical means
You have no idea why the hell Joe hasn’t just gotten some heavy duty weed killer. You tell Joe you’ll be back and zoom off to the nearest hardware store, where you buy a big tank of the stuff with what little money you have.

When you come back you head straight to the backyard where the Triffids sense new fertilizer and begin to slowly scuttle towards you. You put on a mask and begin to spray the area. The toxic gas does its work and the Triffids begin to die, along with every other plant in the backyard, you’ve just destroyed Joe’s garden!

Just then, Joe comes out to see why there’s a toxic cloud in his yard and is horrified by what you’ve done.

“MY GARDEN! WHAT DID YOU DO!?!” Joe cries.
“I killed the Triffids just like you wanted.”
“YOU KILLED MY GARDEN! You fucking idiot! Why the hell did you use poison?! You were supposed to rip them out by hand!”
“Oh so it was okay for me to get stung right? Fuck that, you never said how I was supposed to kill them.”
“It should’ve been obvious not to use poison you goddamn moron!”
”Well shit, I’m not a botanist, how the fuck was I supposed to know.”
“Oh God! My business is ruined! I’m finished! (Sob!)”
“Yeah, um, sorry about that. Look I’m just going to leave now…okay then.”

You leave Joe to his tears and ride back home. You then walk back to where Kong is.

“Okay I think you can stay at Joe’s, he’s got a cave in his backyard, you can take up residence in, it’s better than nothing.”
“I suppose so; I just hope he doesn’t pitch a bitch at me if I accidentally step on a couple of his faggot ass flowers.”
“I don’t think you’ll ever have to be worrying about that Kong.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Well, I think it’s a lost cause with your wife, and to be quite honest I don’t want to get caught up in the drama, but I can go talk with your cousin Joe if you want.” You say.

Kong looks disappointed by your remark, and agonizes over making a decision, but finally gives you the okay.

“Alright Wolf, but I don’t like this.”
“You’ll like it even less, if you have to live out here, now gimme the address.”

Kong gives you the address and you go back to your cabin, start up your Harley and ride off. You don’t really have a plan, you’re just going to fumble through as usual, and you just hope Joe doesn’t hit on you.

When you get to the house its very large like you expected, but not overly so. You notice the exterior is kept in very good condition, you have no doubt the inside looks like that as well. You get to the door and ring a doorbell that has been conveniently placed at your height level for normal sized guests.

Joe opens the door and looks down.

“Wolf? Well this IS a pleasant surprise! What brings you here, you perfect specimen of male?”

Well no such luck of him not hitting on you.

“Settle down there Joe, I’m just here to talk about your cousin Kong.”
“Oh. Well what about him?”
“He got kicked out by wife Nancy and now he’s living in a forest near my cabin, so can he stay here?”
“So, Nancy finally threw that scrub to the curb eh? It’s about time girlfriend did that! Even I told her it was a bad idea for her to marry him. Well you have my sympathies Wolf, but I’m not having that homophobe living here! Though if you like YOU can live here!”
“Uh, no. Besides I’m a homophobe too.”
“Yes, but you’re a cute one!”
“So all the GIRLS tell me. Look isn’t there anyway you’d reconsider? I mean he is family and all. I could tell him to behave himself, and he probably would since he really doesn’t want to be living in the wilderness again.”
“Well…I guess, but surely you’ve noticed this place really isn’t built to accommodate his size. He’s a lot bigger than me you know.”

You could kick yourself for not realizing that before. You sigh, but ask if there are any arrangements that could be made.

“Isn’t there anywhere here he could stay?”
“Not unless I had a giant addition built on to my house and I’m not about to do that, I have this house just perfect the way it is.”
“How about your backyard? Don’t you have a large backyard with a garden?”
“Yes I do, and I’m not about to have that lug crushing all my flowers! However there is a nearby cave that’s in the backyard that could accommodate him. But I’m having problems with my backyard in general which I’m trying to fix as we speak.”
“What kind of problems?”
“My garden has been infested with those awful Triffids! Horrid things, making that noise and killing my workers! It’s really ruining my business at this point. I’d get rid of them, but they’re much too nasty for me! Those stingers hurt!”

You already know what he’s going to ask you, so you beat him to it.

“If I get rid of these things can Kong stay in the cave?”
“You’d do that? Oh thank you! And yes, if you saved my garden I’d take my cousin in.”

Well that’s settled, get rid of the Triffids and Kong can stay, now you just have to figure out how to do it.
> You memories (Triffids)
Killer Plants: Triffids

There isn’t much to know about Triffids, they’re basically intelligent plants that like to kill people with their stingers and then use them for fertilizer. There have been questions if they came from spores from a crashed meteor or if they were yet another genetic experiment gone wrong. Given your past dealings with Mad Scientist types and humans in general, you’d say the latter.

Fucking humans never know when to leave shit alone.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No, no, no, no! The movie sounds like it sucks and you’re not going to deal with Mary after all the shit you got yourself into last time with her.

“Fuck that Erik, there’s gotta be something else!”
“Well there’s a comic convention that needs another guest speaker…”

You slam the phone down. You need to get out of the house. You decide to go for a walk in the forest.
You wander around in the calmness of the forest and nature in general. Sometimes you wonder if you shouldn’t just go back to living in the wild. Things were certainly simpler then. While you’re thinking about the nostalgia of the old days, you see a very large hairy body lying prone in the distance.

“What the fuck…how the hell…” you mumble to yourself while going over to investigate. When you arrive, its exactly who you thought it was, though you don’t understand how you couldn’t have heard him lumbering through the forest given how big he is, let alone seen him.

“Hey Kong! You alive? Wake up!” you shout. Kong stirs a little and then sits up to yawn. He scratches his now silverback and looks over at you.
“Wolf? What’re you doing here?”
“Me? I live just a few miles away! What’re you doing here and how is it that I didn’t see or hear you crashing through the forest?”
“Oh I can be pretty silent when I want to be.”
“Okay, but what’re you doing here?”
“Back to nature my friend. Nancy kicked me out of the house. For good this time, she said she can’t put up with my chauvinism any more. All I told her was to get her ass back in the kitchen and make me a banana split and serve it to me naked.”
“Sounds like a reasonable request, so what happened?”
“She went into the kitchen, came back out with a frying pan of hot grease, threw the shit on me and kicked me in the balls, before shoving me out the door and calling me a fucking backward primate.”

You hold back some laughter, before speaking again.

“Tough break there Kong, but I guess you could look on the bright side, you’re back to your roots with no more cares anymore. Living free in the wild and all.”
“Are you on fucking crack Wolf? It sucks! You know when I lived on Skull Island I didn’t know any better, but in the last few days I’ve come to realize living in a warm HOUSE and sleeping in a bed is way better than living in the cold wild and sleeping on the ground where bugs crawl all over you!”

Kong’s remarks certainly have made you reconsider your previous nostalgia of the old days.

“Well, can’t you just make up with Nancy? Surely if she’s put up with you this long and if you apologized and did all that romantic crap she’d let you back in.”
“Don’t think so Wolf, I never was good at that, besides she’s got a restraining order on me too.”
”What else did you do to her?”
“Nothing! She’s just being a crazy bitch, that’s unwilling to listen to reason. Well unwilling to listen to me anyway. Hey Wolf, you’ve always been a smooth talker with ladies. Maybe you could talk some sense into her for me.”
“Uh, I dunno Kong I don’t really like getting into the middle of shit like this, don’t you have someplace else to stay, hey what about your cousin Joe?”
“I’m not staying with him! He’s a fucking fag!”
“Well, beggars can’t be chooser Kong, besides he’s your cousin it’s not like you have worry about him trying any ass pirate shit on you. I’m sure he’s got a nice house too.”
“Yeah, I guess…but I’d still prefer to go back to my own home, and I’m not sure if Joe would let me stay anyway. You gotta help me out Wolf, Nancy kicked me out with nothing, and I don’t even have any money in the bank. I don’t want to be living in the fucking wilderness again!”

You normally aren’t one to help someone for no reason, but there’s the fact that you don’t want him living that close to you, you don’t relish the idea of him taking big healthy dumps in a forest you live near, so to avoid wearing a clothespin on your nose for the rest of your time living here, you decide to help Kong.
> You memories (Kong)
King of Skull Island: King Kong

Not King of the Monsters (That honor belongs to Godzilla) but Kong certainly ranks close. In some ways he has a similar background to yours, he was living in the wilderness before civilization came calling, but was exploited financially more by humans. (Whereas you just blew all your money on wine, women and divorce) Kong never was the sharpest knife in the drawer and from day one when those humans convinced him he could become a star; they milked the gravy train as much as they could. After all monkeys plus movie always equal big bucks (Okay he was really an ape, but nobody cares about technicalities) so Kong being the biggest means he would bring in even more.

Kong did become very popular and famous, but he wasn’t making nearly as much money as he should’ve been. That still wasn’t enough to lead to his ruin, what did that was his self destructive personality. He knew he couldn’t hold his fucking liquor yet he went and did it anyway which would always result in him paying out millions in reconstruction fees and his own hospital bills from multiple biplane wounds. While you’ve never been one to fit into “polite society” your normal size didn’t cause you to commit damage on a massive scale when you got drunk. (Though there was that one time in LA when you were on a two week drinking binge…)

There was also the fact if he thought some woman was pretty, he’d just grab her, which resulted in more legal trouble. He just had a hard time of grasping the concept of dating.

Finally all this trouble was too much even for his agents and all the other humans exploiting him to put up with and they abandoned him finding out that sticking with normal sized monkeys was much easier, so Kong’s career was pretty much finished. He didn’t even have enough money to go back to Skull Island, not that he would’ve been able to live there, since it got turned into an amusement park.

Things looked bleak for Kong until he struck lucky and Nancy took an interest in him and the two eventually married.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No, no, no, no! The movie sounds like it sucks and you’re not going to deal with Mary after all the shit you got yourself into last time with her.

“Fuck that Erik, there’s gotta be something else!”
“Well there’s a comic convention that needs another guest speaker…”

You slam the phone down. You need to get out of the house. You decide to go for a walk in the forest.
You wander around in the calmness of the forest and nature in general. Sometimes you wonder if you shouldn’t just go back to living in the wild. Things were certainly simpler then. While you’re thinking about the nostalgia of the old days, you see a very large hairy body lying prone in the distance.

“What the fuck…how the hell…” you mumble to yourself while going over to investigate. When you arrive, its exactly who you thought it was, though you don’t understand how you couldn’t have heard him lumbering through the forest given how big he is, let alone seen him.

“Hey Kong! You alive? Wake up!” you shout. Kong stirs a little and then sits up to yawn. He scratches his now silverback and looks over at you.
“Wolf? What’re you doing here?”
“Me? I live just a few miles away! What’re you doing here and how is it that I didn’t see or hear you crashing through the forest?”
“Oh I can be pretty silent when I want to be.”
“Okay, but what’re you doing here?”
“Back to nature my friend. Nancy kicked me out of the house. For good this time, she said she can’t put up with my chauvinism any more. All I told her was to get her ass back in the kitchen and make me a banana split and serve it to me naked.”
“Sounds like a reasonable request, so what happened?”
“She went into the kitchen, came back out with a frying pan of hot grease, threw the shit on me and kicked me in the balls, before shoving me out the door and calling me a fucking backward primate.”

You hold back some laughter, before speaking again.

“Tough break there Kong, but I guess you could look on the bright side, you’re back to your roots with no more cares anymore. Living free in the wild and all.”
“Are you on fucking crack Wolf? It sucks! You know when I lived on Skull Island I didn’t know any better, but in the last few days I’ve come to realize living in a warm HOUSE and sleeping in a bed is way better than living in the cold wild and sleeping on the ground where bugs crawl all over you!”

Kong’s remarks certainly have made you reconsider your previous nostalgia of the old days.

“Well, can’t you just make up with Nancy? Surely if she’s put up with you this long and if you apologized and did all that romantic crap she’d let you back in.”
“Don’t think so Wolf, I never was good at that, besides she’s got a restraining order on me too.”
”What else did you do to her?”
“Nothing! She’s just being a crazy bitch, that’s unwilling to listen to reason. Well unwilling to listen to me anyway. Hey Wolf, you’ve always been a smooth talker with ladies. Maybe you could talk some sense into her for me.”
“Uh, I dunno Kong I don’t really like getting into the middle of shit like this, don’t you have someplace else to stay, hey what about your cousin Joe?”
“I’m not staying with him! He’s a fucking fag!”
“Well, beggars can’t be chooser Kong, besides he’s your cousin it’s not like you have worry about him trying any ass pirate shit on you. I’m sure he’s got a nice house too.”
“Yeah, I guess…but I’d still prefer to go back to my own home, and I’m not sure if Joe would let me stay anyway. You gotta help me out Wolf, Nancy kicked me out with nothing, and I don’t even have any money in the bank. I don’t want to be living in the fucking wilderness again!”

You normally aren’t one to help someone for no reason, but there’s the fact that you don’t want him living that close to you, you don’t relish the idea of him taking big healthy dumps in a forest you live near, so to avoid wearing a clothespin on your nose for the rest of your time living here, you decide to help Kong.
> You memories (Nancy)
The 50ft Woman: Nancy Archer

If you were gigantic freak, you certainly would’ve tried to tap that ass, hell if you just had a freakishly gigantic dick, you would’ve tried to tap that ass, but some things just aren’t meant to be.

Nancy was just a normal rich human woman who was stuck in a bad marriage with an abusive cheating husband. The intelligent thing for her to have done would’ve been to leave him, but she had incredibly low self esteem due to his verbal abuse as well. So she just took all his abuse with a smile.

Then one day some alien teenagers were fucking around with their toys on humans as usual and she got hit with some “Giant Ray”. She was horrified at first, but yet liberated. Her new size predictably had given her confidence. She didn’t waste any time, she immediately squashed her two timing abusive hubby and started a new life for herself. She did a few movies, but her main thing was modeling, mainly on those big billboards. Cancer sticks were popular back then so she had all kinds of contracts with cigarette companies. She was also a supporter of women’s’ rights and was also a big feminist.
She invented the slogan “You’ve come a long way baby”

However, despite all her new found freedom and her new life, she was still deep down unfulfilled. For whatever reason, she still wanted someone in her life, she had some suitors, but turned them all down and it was around that time when Kong was down on his luck and they met. It seems strange that Nancy would be interested in him, as he wasn’t the most “enlightened male” (Compared to him, you were considered pretty “forward thinking”) however that might’ve been why she fell for Kong. She felt that she failed at her past marriage by not trying hard enough to change him and just avoided the problem by stomping it into a bloody pulp. Kong was a chauvinist dick, and had problems controlling his anger. This would be her second chance! Apparently Nancy still had some issues.

All of which goes to confirm what you’ve known all along, they can talk all they want about how they want a sensitive guy that does all that romantic shit 24/7, but more often than not chicks always fall for the dick.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No, no, no, no! The movie sounds like it sucks and you’re not going to deal with Mary after all the shit you got yourself into last time with her.

“Fuck that Erik, there’s gotta be something else!”
“Well there’s a comic convention that needs another guest speaker…”

You slam the phone down. You need to get out of the house. You decide to go for a walk in the forest.
You wander around in the calmness of the forest and nature in general. Sometimes you wonder if you shouldn’t just go back to living in the wild. Things were certainly simpler then. While you’re thinking about the nostalgia of the old days, you see a very large hairy body lying prone in the distance.

“What the fuck…how the hell…” you mumble to yourself while going over to investigate. When you arrive, its exactly who you thought it was, though you don’t understand how you couldn’t have heard him lumbering through the forest given how big he is, let alone seen him.

“Hey Kong! You alive? Wake up!” you shout. Kong stirs a little and then sits up to yawn. He scratches his now silverback and looks over at you.
“Wolf? What’re you doing here?”
“Me? I live just a few miles away! What’re you doing here and how is it that I didn’t see or hear you crashing through the forest?”
“Oh I can be pretty silent when I want to be.”
“Okay, but what’re you doing here?”
“Back to nature my friend. Nancy kicked me out of the house. For good this time, she said she can’t put up with my chauvinism any more. All I told her was to get her ass back in the kitchen and make me a banana split and serve it to me naked.”
“Sounds like a reasonable request, so what happened?”
“She went into the kitchen, came back out with a frying pan of hot grease, threw the shit on me and kicked me in the balls, before shoving me out the door and calling me a fucking backward primate.”

You hold back some laughter, before speaking again.

“Tough break there Kong, but I guess you could look on the bright side, you’re back to your roots with no more cares anymore. Living free in the wild and all.”
“Are you on fucking crack Wolf? It sucks! You know when I lived on Skull Island I didn’t know any better, but in the last few days I’ve come to realize living in a warm HOUSE and sleeping in a bed is way better than living in the cold wild and sleeping on the ground where bugs crawl all over you!”

Kong’s remarks certainly have made you reconsider your previous nostalgia of the old days.

“Well, can’t you just make up with Nancy? Surely if she’s put up with you this long and if you apologized and did all that romantic crap she’d let you back in.”
“Don’t think so Wolf, I never was good at that, besides she’s got a restraining order on me too.”
”What else did you do to her?”
“Nothing! She’s just being a crazy bitch, that’s unwilling to listen to reason. Well unwilling to listen to me anyway. Hey Wolf, you’ve always been a smooth talker with ladies. Maybe you could talk some sense into her for me.”
“Uh, I dunno Kong I don’t really like getting into the middle of shit like this, don’t you have someplace else to stay, hey what about your cousin Joe?”
“I’m not staying with him! He’s a fucking fag!”
“Well, beggars can’t be chooser Kong, besides he’s your cousin it’s not like you have worry about him trying any ass pirate shit on you. I’m sure he’s got a nice house too.”
“Yeah, I guess…but I’d still prefer to go back to my own home, and I’m not sure if Joe would let me stay anyway. You gotta help me out Wolf, Nancy kicked me out with nothing, and I don’t even have any money in the bank. I don’t want to be living in the fucking wilderness again!”

You normally aren’t one to help someone for no reason, but there’s the fact that you don’t want him living that close to you, you don’t relish the idea of him taking big healthy dumps in a forest you live near, so to avoid wearing a clothespin on your nose for the rest of your time living here, you decide to help Kong.
> You memories (Joe)
The Sensitive Ape: Mighty Joe Young

After Kong destroyed his own career, some of the humans that exploited him still wanted to go with the giant monkey theme so they had to find a substitute. Someone suggested Kong’s cousin Joe. He seemed like the perfect candidate, maybe he wasn’t as big as Kong, but he was certainly a lot more manageable and calm. He’d do, they were sure of it.

This plan was doomed from the start. First of all Joe wasn’t really interested in acting, he’d rather just live his life in the wilderness. This wasn’t too much of a problem, after all they’d convinced Kong to “embrace” civilization, they could do it with Joe. However, it was apparent that Joe didn’t really want to play a brute similar to Kong. He felt he should be portrayed as a more sensitive being. As a compromise the humans told him that the movie would be made in such a way that the audience would feel sympathy like they did with Kong, but Joe wasn’t buying it. Rewrites and recasts plagued the productions. Joe was also a lot smarter than Kong, they couldn’t exploit him like they could with Kong, he over looked everything they ever tried to make him sign and if he didn’t like it then he’d tell them as much.

The third thing was it was apparent that Joe was erm…a bit light on his feet and it was coming through on the screen. They quite correctly though the public wouldn’t accept this, so they tried to “toughen” up his image by putting the word “Mighty” in front of his name. It didn’t really help since Joe made no effort to hide who he was in public and didn’t really understand why he should. Though nobody was going to say anything, since he was still an incredibly strong 12ft ape, the public wasn’t ready for a “sensitive” monkey. His movies bombed, but he didn’t mind, he made his money and invested it well. The joke was on the humans that tried to take advantage of him.

Last you heard he bought himself a nice home and spends most of time in his private garden tending to his exotic flowers which he grows for his own florist business.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Oh boo fucking hoo, your latest Opera hasn’t been doing too well lately. At least people are paying to see the goddamn thing! As bad of a composer, and musician you are, you oughta be glad anyone’s even paying to see the goddamn thing! People don’t want to see anything with me in it! And at least you’ve got another job to fall back on LIKE BEING AN AGENT THAT’S SUPPOSED TO BE GETTING ME A FUCKING JOB!” you snarl.

There’s some dead air briefly and then Erik begins talking again.

“You’re right. I shouldn’t be complaining about my problems to you. You of course know all about torment. A war that wages within you, a beast that…”
“Erik I’ve got no time and I’m in no mood to hear how we’re supposed to be kindred spirits, you just better tell me you found something for me and it better not be another guest speaker spot at a comic convention!”
“Well let’s see…I dunno. Werewolves aren’t popular anymore you know…there might be something…here it is! It’s called Wolf Pack.”
“Pack? That implies more than one wolf on the set there Erik. Well I suppose I can share the spotlight with some others. As long as I’m in charge of course.” You say.
“Er…well according to this, you’d be the old cranky grandpa wolf that makes a bunch of rude remarks.”
“What?! What kind of stupid shit is that?”
“Yeah that’s the stuff.” Erik replies not catching on.
“I mean what the hell kind of movie is this?”
“Its uh…let’s see…oh here. It’s a horror comedy about a werewolf family and how they
adjust to human society. Looks like you’ll be playing with a lot of young pups as you’d call them.”
“WHAT?! NO! What the fuck Erik? I’m a fucking monster not something to be fucking laughed at! And they already did a movie like that a long time ago and it sucked!”
“Well that’s all I got. Maybe you could talk to the director to make changes since they also wrote it. I’m sure you and her are familiar with each other. You had an affair with her for quite some time.”
“Uh, you wanna narrow that list down Erik?”
“It’s Mary. You know, the one who used to be married to Frankie, until your affair broke up both of your marriages?”

Erik’s new information didn’t exactly make you any more enthusiastic to want to take the job.
> You memories (Frankie)
The Monster: Frankie

Dr. Victor Frankenstein made Frankie out of the parts of dead bodies as everyone knows, but what wasn’t so well known at the time was he was using many of the parts from a graveyard where they buried insane asylum patients. The brain of an unstable sexual psychopath probably wasn’t the best choice. Even Igor tried to tell him it was a bad idea, but of course Victor knew it all so he went ahead with playing God. Victor probably wouldn’t have named his creation after himself if he knew what Frankie was going to do.

Frankie had a… let’s say unhealthy interest in little girls.

He also was an idiotic bully who would try to push anyone around who was smaller. You’re all for the survival of the fittest ideology and might makes right. Hell you live by it. But you didn’t like the way he acted since he was a real pussy when someone actually stood up to him. You also didn’t like him because when he came on the scene, all of a sudden he was number two. It was bad enough you had to play second fiddle to that fucking bloodsucker, but NOW you were getting pushed out of the spotlight from some child molesting, walking stitch work of corpses. Fortunately he tripped up his popularity somewhat when the public became suspicious of his little “secret”. Yet despite being a sicko, he still somehow managed to draw in the money, you hated even being in the same “rank” as him.

You’ve never liked the undead as a rule, but Frankie was particularly loathsome to you. He always claimed he was “misunderstood” and couldn’t help the way he was. He couldn’t understand why some people hated him and chased him away with pitchforks and attempted to set him on fire.

“Duh, it’s because you’re a goddamn pedophile you sick fuck.” as you so delicately explained one time.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Oh boo fucking hoo, your latest Opera hasn’t been doing too well lately. At least people are paying to see the goddamn thing! As bad of a composer, and musician you are, you oughta be glad anyone’s even paying to see the goddamn thing! People don’t want to see anything with me in it! And at least you’ve got another job to fall back on LIKE BEING AN AGENT THAT’S SUPPOSED TO BE GETTING ME A FUCKING JOB!” you snarl.

There’s some dead air briefly and then Erik begins talking again.

“You’re right. I shouldn’t be complaining about my problems to you. You of course know all about torment. A war that wages within you, a beast that…”
“Erik I’ve got no time and I’m in no mood to hear how we’re supposed to be kindred spirits, you just better tell me you found something for me and it better not be another guest speaker spot at a comic convention!”
“Well let’s see…I dunno. Werewolves aren’t popular anymore you know…there might be something…here it is! It’s called Wolf Pack.”
“Pack? That implies more than one wolf on the set there Erik. Well I suppose I can share the spotlight with some others. As long as I’m in charge of course.” You say.
“Er…well according to this, you’d be the old cranky grandpa wolf that makes a bunch of rude remarks.”
“What?! What kind of stupid shit is that?”
“Yeah that’s the stuff.” Erik replies not catching on.
“I mean what the hell kind of movie is this?”
“Its uh…let’s see…oh here. It’s a horror comedy about a werewolf family and how they
adjust to human society. Looks like you’ll be playing with a lot of young pups as you’d call them.”
“WHAT?! NO! What the fuck Erik? I’m a fucking monster not something to be fucking laughed at! And they already did a movie like that a long time ago and it sucked!”
“Well that’s all I got. Maybe you could talk to the director to make changes since they also wrote it. I’m sure you and her are familiar with each other. You had an affair with her for quite some time.”
“Uh, you wanna narrow that list down Erik?”
“It’s Mary. You know, the one who used to be married to Frankie, until your affair broke up both of your marriages?”

Erik’s new information didn’t exactly make you any more enthusiastic to want to take the job.
> You memories (Mary)
The Bride: Mary

That entire wedding was an abomination.

After the supposed “accidental” death of a little girl, Victor attempted to correct the problem by creating Mary. He figured if Frankie had a bride he could fuck her instead. Of course she was better made since Victor learned from the mistakes he made in Frankie. (This time he had Igor raid a regular graveyard)

The marriage was brief and embarrassing. Mary hadn’t been alive that long and it was obvious that she didn’t want anything to do with Frankie even though Victor created her with an increased sex drive. And since Victor could be considered the “father” of them both, and he married them to each other…well that just a bit twisted.

Mary didn’t have an identity. She didn’t even have the name “Mary” at that time. She was created solely as a sex toy for Frankie, an unused one to boot, since Frankie still had his sick fetish and didn’t take any interest in her at all. She was very unhappy in her role and pursued intellectual hobbies in her vast spare time. Eventually she took the name Mary after one of her favorite authors.

However, she still had that BIG sex drive. She fucked everyone she could get her hands on behind Frankie’s back. It was only a matter of time before she got to you. And well, despite your prejudice against the undead, and the fact that you were married, and the fact she had a really bad hair-do, she was hot and you’re a big dog…

You and her had very long and passionate affair. You even looked past the fact that she was Undead.
Of course it just happened to be your bad luck to be the one that actually got caught in the act, by Frankie himself one day. Now while Frankie didn’t have any interest in her, he didn’t want anyone else to have her either and since he didn’t like you too much anyway all hell broke loose.

Long story short. You beat the shit out of Frankie, depriving him of some of his vital parts. Victor sued you for vandalizing his “property”. Your bitch divorced you and took everything. And Mary left Frankie for good for that damn bloodsucking bastard until they broke up later as well.

You really don’t like the undead.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up in your cabin in the woods. You sit up and scratch some fleas that have infested your body. You also realize its still daylight. You hate waking up early.

You lope into the bathroom and look in the mirror where you see a canine face covered in gray fur, you remember a time when your fur was completely brown.

“You’re getting old Wolf” you say to yourself like you always do while trying to look on the bright side that at least you don’t have the mange. You think you’d just put a silver bullet in your head if you ever started to go bald.

After eating some left over mutton in the fridge and some Gummy Blobs (for the sugar “pick me up”) you ponder how you’re going to pay this month’s rent on your cabin. You call your agent Erik and see if that little pissant has found any work for you. Hopefully it’s an actual job and not just a guest speaker spot at a comic convention.

“Erik! It’s me Wolf! Pick up the fucking phone! I know you’re there!” you say when you get the answering machine.

“Erik! Get on the phone NOW, or I’m gonna go over there and shove a pipe organ up your ass!”

That got his attention.

“Wolf, I’m sorry, but I fear I’m in a deep depression.”
“What else is new? Look I need some work, got anything? I don’t even care if it’s straight to video. I just need some of the green stuff!”
“Sadly, I don’t think I do, but then I haven’t really checked…I’m so depressed. I’ve been wondering if I made the right decisions in my life…and now it’s too late for me to do anything about it, because I’m old…”
“Join the fucking club Erik! Look do you…”
“But my art, my music, that is my love and its failing me again. My latest opera isn’t doing well. I wonder if I chose the wrong thing to love and pursue. Just like I did with Christine. Oh Christine WHY couldn’t you have loved me? I loved you…”

Wonderful, he’s in full blown tortured artist mode. He can go on like this forever. You can either give up, or persist in getting something out of him.
> You hang up and go to the bar in town
Fuck it, you don’t feel like putting up with Erik’s whining. You’ll talk to him later when you’re in the mood. You hang up and decide to engage in one of your favorite past time ever since you became part of “society”. Drink. You head down to the bar in town.

When you enter you see it nearly empty. Usually there’s someone here that you don’t like which gives you an excuse to get into a fight. You sit down and order a Scotch. The bartender tends to let you just drink and cleans up the mess you make afterwards, but today turns out a little differently.

“Hey Wolf, some people have been wanting to see you.” The bartender says nervously.
“Oh? Do these people have a name?” you ask downing your drink.
“Well they’re in the bar right now actually, I think they’re old acquaintances of yours.”

You scan the bar, which doesn’t take long considering its almost empty. And you’ll be damned you see not one, but THREE people from the old days; you’re surprised you didn’t notice them before.

At a nearby table you see Dr. Henry Jekyll and Dr. Jack Griffin. Jack normally would be difficult to see in this dark lighting at the best of times, since he’s invisible, but he’s perfectly noticeable enough when he wears clothing. They see you and wave you to come over.

At a table in the far corner you see Dr. Alphonse Moreau. He looks like a wreck. He’s obviously been chain smoking cigarettes and drinking a lot since he got here. He sees you and desperately signals you over like he needs your help severely.

While you’re not surprised to see all these humans still alive (Mad scientists ALWAYS figure out how to extend their life spans past the normal human limit) you’re just surprised that they all want to see you and it makes you suspicious. You’ve always been mistrustful of Mad Scientist types ever since your run in with Dr. Victor Frankenstein.

You turn to the bartender for more information.

“What the hell, is there a Mad Scientist convention in town or some shit? Why are they all here and why do they want me?”
“I dunno Wolf. I think its just coincidence. Henry and Jack say they got some sort of experiment going on and want your help on it. They know you’ve been needing some money lately and they’re willing to pay you for your time. I think Henry wants to play catch up with you as well.”
“Hmm, speaking of catch, there probably is one. So why’s Moreau here? Same thing?”
“He wouldn’t elaborate too much. He says he REALLY needs help with something, and it’s not an experiment. He says he gave up trying to play God. I dunno what’s wrong though you’ll have to ask him yourself. He just said, he’s willing to do anything for you if you help him.

Well this venture to the bar seems to have become potentially lucrative; the problem is you have to deal with a bunch of humans with God complexes. (You doubt what the bartender told you about Moreau, his type never gets out of the game completely) You decide to throw caution to the wind and take one of their jobs; you feel you’ll be up to the challenge. After all its common knowledge of what you did to Victor when he tried to take advantage of you once.

All it comes down to is who you want to deal with.
> You go sit with Jekyll and Griffin
Well despite your distrust of Jack, Henry’s always been alright and you could use the easy money. If it doesn’t sound like a good deal to you, you can always decline. You sit down with them both, keeping a constant eye on Jack, well his clothing anyway.

“Hey Wolf, glad to see you, it’s been awhile. I remember when we used to tear up places like this back in the day.” Henry says.
“Yeah, the good old days.” You say agreeing.
“When we were young and a lot more active.”
“Speak for yourself Henry.” You stand up and start punching and kicking. “I’m still active and I’m only as old as I feel which isn’t old at all! I can still… OW!” you get a slight sprain in your back when attempting to demonstrate your “youthful” combat abilities.
“No, Wolf you’re not old at all.” Jack snickers.
“Shut the fuck up Jack, I just haven’t been in a proper fight in awhile, I’m a little out of practice. Say, how about I practice on YOU?”
“Uh, okay calm down Wolf! Jack! We’re not here to antagonize anyone!”
“You’re right so let’s get all this catch up shit out of the way. Wolf, we got an experiment for you that should be right up your alley. It involves you testing those skills you claim you still have.”
“Oh yeah? What kind of experiment is this?”

Henry interjects before Jack can continue.

“Well the government hired us to develop something that increased combat ability. We’ve been testing it on humans and the results have been good so far, however we want to see how good it is, so we wanted to test them against non-human opponents, you came to mind since well you ARE the Alpha Wolf and despite your age, you are probably the best the Werewolf race has to offer as far as combat skills. I figure you’re still worth 10 of the cubs nowadays. Plus I know you like to kick ass and get paid for doing it. You know how the government likes to throw money around when it comes to new weapons, so I figure we can spare five thousand for your help.”
> You accept the job
“I guess you always did know me pretty well Henry. Count me in.” you say.
“Great! I knew you’d be game.”
“Let’s get going, I’m ready.”

You, Henry and Jack enter his car and drive to some nondescript building. The ground floor resembles just a normal abandoned warehouse, but of course you three enter a secret room with an elevator that takes you to a lab area, then you pass through a gym area where you see quite a few ugly overly muscular humans doing some rigorous training while doing a lot of shouting and yelling A lot of them look like they have severe ‘roid rage and that includes the females.

“Huh, sure they all look pretty, but can they fight?” you mockingly ask Henry.
“Well that’s what we’re going to find out. Now the arena area is through that door, you can just enter and the testing will begin. Jack and I will be watching from an upper room. I’ll see you when you’re ready.”

Henry leaves with the rest of the humans and you’re about to enter the arena, but a hand grabs you causing you pull away in a defensive stance. It’s Jack.

“Don’t fucking touch me Jack!” you growl.
“Sheesh, calm down there, I just have to tell you something. Something important.”
“What Jack? I don’t have time for your shit.”
“Yeah, well you’ll be thanking me later. You need to take this.” Jack takes a bottle out of his jacket and hands it to you.
“What’s this?”
“It’s MY invention. Henry hasn’t been telling you the entire truth. He’s setting you up to be killed. He doesn’t have any intention of letting you out that arena until one of his super soldiers kills you, and I guarantee it’ll happen eventually. He’s already got most of them hopped up to the point of being uncontrollable. He’ll probably start increasing the dosage if you start winning against the initial barrage. However if you drink my invention you’ll be able to survive. It’s just like what Henry’s been feeding his Super Soldiers, but without all the side effects. Surely you noticed how ugly and distorted all those subjects were. All he did was make alterations to his original Hyde formula instead creating something new from scratch like I did, yet he claims my invention isn’t good enough.”
“This all smells like bullshit Jack, but assuming you’re telling the truth, why’s Henry doing it and why in this way?”
“I dunno, because he’s a Mad Scientist, and prone to be dramatic I suppose, its just one of our endearing qualities. Plus we really are testing this shit for the government, so its still good research even if it’s doubling as murder. If you want deeper reasons the only other explanation I can give is he’s ALWAYS been jealous of you. Yes, it’s true he did admire you, but he was always jealous of your natural abilities which he had to get artificially, and even then it wasn’t entirely successful as you well know. I can personally vouch for having to hear him rag on you over the years.”

This all sounds pretty suspicious especially coming from Jack who’s known for his double dealing and sneaky ways. The bottle might contain poison for all you know, or maybe he’s just angry at Henry for snubbing his invention and he’s using you as a subject to test it which may or may not be as great as he says. Still, Mad Scientist types have tried to fuck you over before; you can’t help but wonder if Henry is planning what Jack’s claiming.
> You drink the bottle
As much as you don’t trust him, you have to admit Jack has never really done anything against you in all the time you’ve known him. If anything he’s always attempted to be friendly. Is it possible you’ve just been an asshole to him, for no good reason?

Probably, but it wouldn’t be the first time and that’s all in the past. You take the bottle and down its contents.

“(BURP!) I don’t feel any different.”
“Oh you will trust me.”
“I’ve put more than enough trust in you already, better not be trying anything Jack, because I swear I WILL get my revenge on you, if this is a fucking trick!”
“Not a trick, everything I’ve told you is the truth, you’ll see.”
“Yeah, we’ll see.”

When you enter the arena area, it’s just a big empty white room with another door on the other side of it. High above you can see Henry on an upper floor with a clipboard behind some glass. He waves to you and speaks into a microphone.

“Okay Wolf, we’re going to start off slow, this subject hasn’t been injected with as much of the formula so I’m guessing you shouldn’t have any problems with him. Try not to kill him though, since we DO want some of them to survive!”
“No killing eh? Well I suppose there’s a first time for everything, alright Henry, send in the victim.”

No sooner has the human entered the room, and you’ve already run up and drop kicked him in the face! You don’t allow him to get back up, and end up breaking one of his legs by totally destroying his knee. He’s in extreme pain and expresses it vocally.

“Damn Wolf! What the hell!?” Henry shouts.
“Hey you said not to kill him, you didn’t say anything about not breaking bones.”
“Alright, drag him out, and bring in the next one.”

This goes on for the next five fights. If the subjects are supposed to be getting tougher, you haven’t noticed. All you’ve notice is a severe change in the subjects, mainly being bigger and more vicious, they’re starting to not even resemble humans anymore, and in fact they resemble “Mr. Hyde” but even more out of control. But you haven’t even broken a sweat during all of this, it’s like you’re in your prime again. It must be Jack’s formula. Looks like he didn’t lie. You look up where Henry is located and you notice he seems to be ranting and yelling at Jack. He addresses you again.

“How are you doing Wolf?”
“Great! I haven’t felt this good in years!”
“Hmm, well I guess I haven’t been trying hard enough! Wolf, I’m sending three of them in there, try to beat that!”
“Hey, you’re supposed to be testing their fighting skills not mine.”
“No Wolf, I’m supposed to be KILLING you, but you’re too fucking stupid to die properly! Well that ends now!”

Looks like Jack was telling the truth about that too, you attempt to leave the way you came in but, a solid metal door slides from a hidden panel to block your way. Even your increased combat abilities can’t make more than a dent in it. Henry then begins to laugh maniacally and three lumbering hulks come through the opposite door all intent on doing you massive harm.

However, you don’t have any fear about this situation, you’re confident that you can take them and you do just that! You’re literally a whirlwind of fury and violence. Bones are broken, flesh is ripped, faces are bitten and balls are stomped and happily none of them are yours. As you stand over the three large mutilated corpses you look up at the observation area and see only Jack standing there to address you.

“Hey Jack! Let me outta here, I got a score to settle with that fucking pussy Henry!”
“Uh, Wolf, you might want to prepare yourself, Henry said he’s coming down to handle you himself.”
“What as Mr. Hyde? Pfft! Yeah, I’m really worried. He’s nowhere near as vicious as these fucktards were. I had to bail him out of most of the fights he started in the past. Sure he looked scary, still couldn’t fight worth a shit though.”

Suddenly a very large figure smashes through the wall opposite you, its Mr. Hyde and he’s a LOT bigger and uglier than the last time you saw him. He’s easily larger than the last three subjects you just put down.

“WOLF!!!” he bellows.

Okay somebody just overdosed on the “formula”.
> You fight
Yeah, you might be feeling in your “prime” and all, but Mr. Hyde is severely out of your weight class right now. You might be quicker, but all he has to do is hit you once and you’re not that good to completely avoid being hit entirely…

And when you inevitably feel that pile driver like fist breaking every bone simultaneously in your body you know you’ve been hit. You don’t feel the next one reducing you into a thin red furry paste.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As much as you don’t trust him, you have to admit Jack has never really done anything against you in all the time you’ve known him. If anything he’s always attempted to be friendly. Is it possible you’ve just been an asshole to him, for no good reason?

Probably, but it wouldn’t be the first time and that’s all in the past. You take the bottle and down its contents.

“(BURP!) I don’t feel any different.”
“Oh you will trust me.”
“I’ve put more than enough trust in you already, better not be trying anything Jack, because I swear I WILL get my revenge on you, if this is a fucking trick!”
“Not a trick, everything I’ve told you is the truth, you’ll see.”
“Yeah, we’ll see.”

When you enter the arena area, it’s just a big empty white room with another door on the other side of it. High above you can see Henry on an upper floor with a clipboard behind some glass. He waves to you and speaks into a microphone.

“Okay Wolf, we’re going to start off slow, this subject hasn’t been injected with as much of the formula so I’m guessing you shouldn’t have any problems with him. Try not to kill him though, since we DO want some of them to survive!”
“No killing eh? Well I suppose there’s a first time for everything, alright Henry, send in the victim.”

No sooner has the human entered the room, and you’ve already run up and drop kicked him in the face! You don’t allow him to get back up, and end up breaking one of his legs by totally destroying his knee. He’s in extreme pain and expresses it vocally.

“Damn Wolf! What the hell!?” Henry shouts.
“Hey you said not to kill him, you didn’t say anything about not breaking bones.”
“Alright, drag him out, and bring in the next one.”

This goes on for the next five fights. If the subjects are supposed to be getting tougher, you haven’t noticed. All you’ve notice is a severe change in the subjects, mainly being bigger and more vicious, they’re starting to not even resemble humans anymore, and in fact they resemble “Mr. Hyde” but even more out of control. But you haven’t even broken a sweat during all of this, it’s like you’re in your prime again. It must be Jack’s formula. Looks like he didn’t lie. You look up where Henry is located and you notice he seems to be ranting and yelling at Jack. He addresses you again.

“How are you doing Wolf?”
“Great! I haven’t felt this good in years!”
“Hmm, well I guess I haven’t been trying hard enough! Wolf, I’m sending three of them in there, try to beat that!”
“Hey, you’re supposed to be testing their fighting skills not mine.”
“No Wolf, I’m supposed to be KILLING you, but you’re too fucking stupid to die properly! Well that ends now!”

Looks like Jack was telling the truth about that too, you attempt to leave the way you came in but, a solid metal door slides from a hidden panel to block your way. Even your increased combat abilities can’t make more than a dent in it. Henry then begins to laugh maniacally and three lumbering hulks come through the opposite door all intent on doing you massive harm.

However, you don’t have any fear about this situation, you’re confident that you can take them and you do just that! You’re literally a whirlwind of fury and violence. Bones are broken, flesh is ripped, faces are bitten and balls are stomped and happily none of them are yours. As you stand over the three large mutilated corpses you look up at the observation area and see only Jack standing there to address you.

“Hey Jack! Let me outta here, I got a score to settle with that fucking pussy Henry!”
“Uh, Wolf, you might want to prepare yourself, Henry said he’s coming down to handle you himself.”
“What as Mr. Hyde? Pfft! Yeah, I’m really worried. He’s nowhere near as vicious as these fucktards were. I had to bail him out of most of the fights he started in the past. Sure he looked scary, still couldn’t fight worth a shit though.”

Suddenly a very large figure smashes through the wall opposite you, its Mr. Hyde and he’s a LOT bigger and uglier than the last time you saw him. He’s easily larger than the last three subjects you just put down.

“WOLF!!!” he bellows.

Okay somebody just overdosed on the “formula”.
> You escape
Even with your renewed “youth”, you know you’re not going to be able to take Mr. Hyde, not head on at least. You still need to get the hell out of here though and he’s blocking the only exit, but you have a plan. Mr. Hyde predictably charges at you, and puts his giant fist through the wall behind you, collapsing most of it when you dodge out of the way.

Well there was your plan! When he unsuccessfully tries to hit you again, you roll out of the way and run out the opening Mr. Hyde just provided for you. You quickly take a few bricks and chuck them at Mr. Hyde’s face when he attempts to squeeze through, of course that doesn’t do anything except causing a few gashes and making him madder.

“YOU DIE TODAY WOLF!” he says collapsing more of the building in an attempt to get you. You just realized you’re underground, if he continues with this destruction he’s going to end up burying the both of you. You make your way to the elevator with Mr. Hyde in pursuit.

When you get to where the elevator is in sight, you see Jack with a briefcase, busily fiddling with the buttons, he turns to face you.

“Wolf! Watch out behind you!” he yells pointing in your direction.
> You immediately dive to the floor
You don’t think you just act and dive face first in the floor and roll attempting to avoid whatever Mr. Hyde has just thrown at you. The only problem is, he didn’t throw anything; in fact he’s still trying to squeeze through the corridor that’s just a bit too small for him. Meanwhile you were rolling on the floor; Jack nipped inside the elevator and closed the door!

“SONOFABITCH!” You shout and quickly pry the doors open with all your might, but the elevator is already on its way up. Fortunately there is an emergency ladder on the side you can still use, or if you want to risk it the elevator has only just started to ascend, you could grab on to the bottom of it and take it up.
> You grab the bottom
You jump up and grab the bottom as the elevator doors snap shut behind you. You hold on for dear life as you hear the building shake from Hyde destroying yet another load bearing pillar no doubt. The elevator is shaking as well which does concern you since if it suddenly starts to drop, you’re going to be in a BAD position! As you dangle high above, you look down and see the elevator doors you came through being smashed through. Hyde sticks his head in first, then his massive body, and looks up, he sees you.

“DIE WOLF!”

His single mindedness on your death causes him to start digging his massive fingers in the shaft walls to climb after you! To make matters worse the elevator has just stopped, you hear Jack cursing above you. As you look up you notice a service panel on the bottom of the elevator. You could either open and go through that, or attempt to leap to the emergency ladder.
> You leap for the ladder
You leap for the ladder and just barely make it from your awkward position. Hyde is still in pursuit and closing fast. When you start your ascent, the see the figure of Jack jumping on the ladder just above you, he must’ve used the service panel in the roof of the elevator to escape. He must’ve left the briefcase behind in the elevator too since he’s not carrying it anymore. He looks down and pulls out a pistol. He fires several times, but fortunately only hits you in the arm. Unfortunately those bullets are silver and it fucking hurts like hell!

“Argh! Shit! I should’ve known not to trust you, you goddamned invisible bastard!” you yell.

Jack stops firing at you and then starts firing at the main elevator cord hitting it. The elevator is now dangerously dangling by a weakened cord. You quickly climb past the elevator before it falls which it inevitably does. You’re safe, but Mr. Hyde isn’t so lucky. The elevator drops at a good speed that even he can’t stop in his position and knocks him off his shaft climb. Hyde makes a deafening roar as the elevator crushes his body when they both hit the bottom. You don’t know if he’s dead yet, but he soon will be, in any case its one less problem to worry about.

You continue your ascent after Jack, who is now at the top, trying to open the elevator doors. Too bad for him, he doesn’t have enhanced strength like you and is struggling to open them up, while still balancing on the ladder.

“Ha ha, should’ve used your own formula Jack!” you say and grab his leg, digging your claws deeply in.
“Arrrgh! Let go you mangy dog!”
“You shouldn’t have double crossed me Jack!”
“I can see my formula’s made you stronger than I thought, I’ll have to make a note of that after I put an end to you!”

Jack pulls out his pistol again which was a big mistake, as now he’s not holding on to anything and is merely balancing on his legs, one of which you’re holding on to…

You wrench the leg you’ve dug your claws into and pull hard, causing him to fall off.

“NOOOOOOOOO!” he screams as he falls into the dark shaft to his imminent demise.

You continue your escape by prying the elevator doors open and crawl through panting heavily. You lie face up on the ground for awhile just resting. You think the effects of the formula are wearing off. Too bad, you liked feeling “young” again. You do realize the folly of going against your instinct though; you knew you weren’t just being an asshole to Jack for all these years for no reason. You knew he was shady. He might’ve been telling the truth about Henry, but he was just using you as a “subject” just to test his invention and to hopefully kill Henry in the process. Oh well you came out alive and they’re both dead, you won. Though one thing pisses you off.

“Fuck. The money’s buried down there.” You say to yourself.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You jump up and grab the bottom as the elevator doors snap shut behind you. You hold on for dear life as you hear the building shake from Hyde destroying yet another load bearing pillar no doubt. The elevator is shaking as well which does concern you since if it suddenly starts to drop, you’re going to be in a BAD position! As you dangle high above, you look down and see the elevator doors you came through being smashed through. Hyde sticks his head in first, then his massive body, and looks up, he sees you.

“DIE WOLF!”

His single mindedness on your death causes him to start digging his massive fingers in the shaft walls to climb after you! To make matters worse the elevator has just stopped, you hear Jack cursing above you. As you look up you notice a service panel on the bottom of the elevator. You could either open and go through that, or attempt to leap to the emergency ladder.
> You go through the panel
As soon as you open up the panel, you feel a boot to the head. This wouldn’t be able to stop you, but the pistol with silver bullets does. After kicking you in the head, Jack unloads six silvers into your head killing you instantly before your body drops down the elevator shaft, hitting Mr. Hyde and then bouncing off him and continuing to fall until it crashes to the bottom.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You don’t think you just act and dive face first in the floor and roll attempting to avoid whatever Mr. Hyde has just thrown at you. The only problem is, he didn’t throw anything; in fact he’s still trying to squeeze through the corridor that’s just a bit too small for him. Meanwhile you were rolling on the floor; Jack nipped inside the elevator and closed the door!

“SONOFABITCH!” You shout and quickly pry the doors open with all your might, but the elevator is already on its way up. Fortunately there is an emergency ladder on the side you can still use, or if you want to risk it the elevator has only just started to ascend, you could grab on to the bottom of it and take it up.
> You take the ladder
You start climbing the ladder as quickly as you can, its not quick enough though. Hyde eventually bashes the elevator doors open and squeezes into the shaft, upon seeing you on the ladder he climbs up the shaft by digging his massive fingers into the walls. He climbs high enough to grab you off the ladder and squeeze the life out of you until you explode into a mass of blood like a bloated tick.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Even with your renewed “youth”, you know you’re not going to be able to take Mr. Hyde, not head on at least. You still need to get the hell out of here though and he’s blocking the only exit, but you have a plan. Mr. Hyde predictably charges at you, and puts his giant fist through the wall behind you, collapsing most of it when you dodge out of the way.

Well there was your plan! When he unsuccessfully tries to hit you again, you roll out of the way and run out the opening Mr. Hyde just provided for you. You quickly take a few bricks and chuck them at Mr. Hyde’s face when he attempts to squeeze through, of course that doesn’t do anything except causing a few gashes and making him madder.

“YOU DIE TODAY WOLF!” he says collapsing more of the building in an attempt to get you. You just realized you’re underground, if he continues with this destruction he’s going to end up burying the both of you. You make your way to the elevator with Mr. Hyde in pursuit.

When you get to where the elevator is in sight, you see Jack with a briefcase, busily fiddling with the buttons, he turns to face you.

“Wolf! Watch out behind you!” he yells pointing in your direction.
> You sprint for the elevator
You lower your head and make a sprint to the elevator which opens up just as you leap into it. Jack moves out of your way when you do this and then follows you into the elevator.

“Wow Wolf, you just missed getting nailed in the head.” Jack says pressing the button up. He might be invisible, but you can tell by the movement of his clothing that he’s fidgeting a lot. The building is shaking, not to mention the elevator, from Mr. Hyde’s destructive rampage, you seriously hope it makes it to the top.

As the elevator ascends upward, you both can hear Mr. Hyde below bashing the elevator door open.

“YOU WON’T ESCAPE ME WOLF!” you can hear him yell. He’s definitely in the shaft at this point, you can hear scraping and the twisting of metal. It sounds like he’s climbing after you through the shaft, not the emergency ladder!

Suddenly the elevator creaks to a halt. Jack frantically presses the buttons, but nothing works.

“NO! Shit! No! This can’t be happening! He must’ve knocked some sort of power out some how! Wolf there’s a service panel up top, open it up and we’ll escape out that way.”
> You open up the panel
While you turn around to reach the panel, Jack reaches into his coat pocket for a pistol. One loaded with silver bullets. He fires three into your back, then when you fall to the floor in a heap, he puts the final one into your head.

“Sorry Wolf, but you never were anything more than a test subject for my invention. Glad to see it worked very well, you have my thanks… I suppose you can keep this briefcase of money, I’ll make a fortune with my formula after I dispose of your friend Mr. Hyde of course.”

Jack dumps the briefcase on your dead body and climbs through the service panel and hops to the emergency elevator where he fires his pistol at the main elevator cable, hitting it and causing it to dangle a bit and then finally falling. This of course kills Mr. Hyde since even he can’t withstand such a heavy force at such a speed when it knocks him off and then finally crushes him when they both reach the bottom of the shaft.

Jack makes his good escape, makes up a story about you and Henry to discredit him and his work, and finally makes millions of dollars from his formula.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You lower your head and make a sprint to the elevator which opens up just as you leap into it. Jack moves out of your way when you do this and then follows you into the elevator.

“Wow Wolf, you just missed getting nailed in the head.” Jack says pressing the button up. He might be invisible, but you can tell by the movement of his clothing that he’s fidgeting a lot. The building is shaking, not to mention the elevator, from Mr. Hyde’s destructive rampage, you seriously hope it makes it to the top.

As the elevator ascends upward, you both can hear Mr. Hyde below bashing the elevator door open.

“YOU WON’T ESCAPE ME WOLF!” you can hear him yell. He’s definitely in the shaft at this point, you can hear scraping and the twisting of metal. It sounds like he’s climbing after you through the shaft, not the emergency ladder!

Suddenly the elevator creaks to a halt. Jack frantically presses the buttons, but nothing works.

“NO! Shit! No! This can’t be happening! He must’ve knocked some sort of power out some how! Wolf there’s a service panel up top, open it up and we’ll escape out that way.”
> You punch out Jack
You remember an old saying, “A liar is still a liar even when he’s telling the truth.” And despite Jack telling you the truth about Henry, you can tell he still had his own agenda. In fact it’s obvious he was trying to leave you here to rot.

“Hey Jack what’s that?” you say pointing in his direction
“Huh?” Jack replies looking down and around himself.

POW!

You clock Jack in his bandaged face, cracking his sunglasses and knocking him to the floor. You quickly rummage through his coat and find a pistol and check the clip.

“Well, well, silver bullets. I always knew you weren’t to be trusted! Hell, you sold out Henry pretty quickly. You were using me as a test subject for your formula and were probably were hoping me and Henry would end up killing each other. I knew I wasn’t being an asshole to you for all these years for no reason! I bet this is the money I was never going to receive either right?” you open the briefcase and close it when you see it contains the money.
“Alright fine Wolf you got me, but what use is there in really killing me? You can have the money, you can escape. Just let me live, besides you owe me a life! Self serving it may have been; if it wasn’t for my formula, you wouldn’t have survived the arena!”

You better make up your mind either way; you can hear Mr. Hyde climbing closer to your location.
> You kill Jack
“Fuck you Jack, I would’ve survived the arena even without your wonder drug, now how about I make myself invisible too?” and with those words you take off Jack’s cracked sun glasses and shove two claws in where his eyes would be located, you know you got the right spot since you can feel the squish of the ocular jelly and his screams of agony.

While you’d normally finish the job you don’t have time since you hear Mr. Hyde bounding on the bottom of the elevator, making dents in it. You grab the gun and the briefcase and leap up through the service panel in the roof, leaving Jack to writhe in unbelievable pain. Still hearing Mr. Hyde trying to get in, you leap to the emergency ladder, you’re having difficulty holding on to the ladder, the gun AND the briefcase though, and guess which one you accidently drop?

The briefcase of course.

“Goddammit!” you shout as it tumbles from you. “Well someone’s paying for that!”

You point the gun at the main elevator cable and fire, hitting it a couple times. It dangles a bit and then falls onto Mr. Hyde who is in no position to be able to stop it. Eventually the elevator hits the bottom of the shaft with Jack’s dying body inside and crushing Mr. Hyde under it.

You continue your escape by prying the elevator doors open and crawl through panting heavily. You lie face up on the ground for awhile just resting. You think the effects of the formula are wearing off. Too bad, you liked feeling “young” again. You’re also pissed that you dropped the damn briefcase of money. You’d climb down and get it, but you’re honestly too damn tired and can’t be bothered. You’re starting to really feel the pain from all the physical activity you’ve been doing today.

“Damn, I really am getting too old for this shit.” You say to yourself.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You remember an old saying, “A liar is still a liar even when he’s telling the truth.” And despite Jack telling you the truth about Henry, you can tell he still had his own agenda. In fact it’s obvious he was trying to leave you here to rot.

“Hey Jack what’s that?” you say pointing in his direction
“Huh?” Jack replies looking down and around himself.

POW!

You clock Jack in his bandaged face, cracking his sunglasses and knocking him to the floor. You quickly rummage through his coat and find a pistol and check the clip.

“Well, well, silver bullets. I always knew you weren’t to be trusted! Hell, you sold out Henry pretty quickly. You were using me as a test subject for your formula and were probably were hoping me and Henry would end up killing each other. I knew I wasn’t being an asshole to you for all these years for no reason! I bet this is the money I was never going to receive either right?” you open the briefcase and close it when you see it contains the money.
“Alright fine Wolf you got me, but what use is there in really killing me? You can have the money, you can escape. Just let me live, besides you owe me a life! Self serving it may have been; if it wasn’t for my formula, you wouldn’t have survived the arena!”

You better make up your mind either way; you can hear Mr. Hyde climbing closer to your location.
> You let him live
“Alright, you got me in a generous mood, plus there really isn’t enough time for me to kill you properly, but here!” you throw the briefcase at him which he catches. “You’re making yourself useful, carry that, I’LL keep your pistol.”

You exit the elevator through the service panel in the top of the elevator with Jack following behind you. Mr. Hyde is attempting to punch his way through the bottom of the elevator.

You point the gun at the main elevator cable and fire, hitting it a couple times. It dangles a bit and then falls onto Mr. Hyde who is in no position to be able to stop it. Eventually the elevator hits the bottom of the shaft crushing Mr. Hyde under it.

You continue your escape by prying the elevator doors open and crawl through panting heavily. You then pull Jack up while holding them open. Both of you are very tired.

“Damn, I think that formula of yours is wearing off Jack.” You pant.
“Hmm, that’s interesting; I’ll have to make a note of that. Well here’s your money. I suppose this is where we part ways, I guess I should thank you for not killing me and being a good subject for my formula. I anticipate the government will be very pleased with it. More than they would’ve been with Henry’s clumsy formula at least. You really do have my eternal gratitude Wolf.”

“Yeah, yeah, you better get the hell outta here Jack before I catch my breath and change my mind about letting you live.” You say snatching the briefcase.

Jack turns to leave, but you tell him one more thing.

“And Jack…don’t let me catch your scent near me again or you’ll find that invisibility won’t be enough to protect you.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“I guess you always did know me pretty well Henry. Count me in.” you say.
“Great! I knew you’d be game.”
“Let’s get going, I’m ready.”

You, Henry and Jack enter his car and drive to some nondescript building. The ground floor resembles just a normal abandoned warehouse, but of course you three enter a secret room with an elevator that takes you to a lab area, then you pass through a gym area where you see quite a few ugly overly muscular humans doing some rigorous training while doing a lot of shouting and yelling A lot of them look like they have severe ‘roid rage and that includes the females.

“Huh, sure they all look pretty, but can they fight?” you mockingly ask Henry.
“Well that’s what we’re going to find out. Now the arena area is through that door, you can just enter and the testing will begin. Jack and I will be watching from an upper room. I’ll see you when you’re ready.”

Henry leaves with the rest of the humans and you’re about to enter the arena, but a hand grabs you causing you pull away in a defensive stance. It’s Jack.

“Don’t fucking touch me Jack!” you growl.
“Sheesh, calm down there, I just have to tell you something. Something important.”
“What Jack? I don’t have time for your shit.”
“Yeah, well you’ll be thanking me later. You need to take this.” Jack takes a bottle out of his jacket and hands it to you.
“What’s this?”
“It’s MY invention. Henry hasn’t been telling you the entire truth. He’s setting you up to be killed. He doesn’t have any intention of letting you out that arena until one of his super soldiers kills you, and I guarantee it’ll happen eventually. He’s already got most of them hopped up to the point of being uncontrollable. He’ll probably start increasing the dosage if you start winning against the initial barrage. However if you drink my invention you’ll be able to survive. It’s just like what Henry’s been feeding his Super Soldiers, but without all the side effects. Surely you noticed how ugly and distorted all those subjects were. All he did was make alterations to his original Hyde formula instead creating something new from scratch like I did, yet he claims my invention isn’t good enough.”
“This all smells like bullshit Jack, but assuming you’re telling the truth, why’s Henry doing it and why in this way?”
“I dunno, because he’s a Mad Scientist, and prone to be dramatic I suppose, its just one of our endearing qualities. Plus we really are testing this shit for the government, so its still good research even if it’s doubling as murder. If you want deeper reasons the only other explanation I can give is he’s ALWAYS been jealous of you. Yes, it’s true he did admire you, but he was always jealous of your natural abilities which he had to get artificially, and even then it wasn’t entirely successful as you well know. I can personally vouch for having to hear him rag on you over the years.”

This all sounds pretty suspicious especially coming from Jack who’s known for his double dealing and sneaky ways. The bottle might contain poison for all you know, or maybe he’s just angry at Henry for snubbing his invention and he’s using you as a subject to test it which may or may not be as great as he says. Still, Mad Scientist types have tried to fuck you over before; you can’t help but wonder if Henry is planning what Jack’s claiming.
> You don't drink the bottle
“I don’t think so Jack. I’ve never trusted you and I’m not about to start now. You can shove your invention up your ass and give yourself an enema with it, because I ain’t drinking the shit.”
“Always with the colorful and inventive vocabulary Wolf. (Sigh) Very well, it’s your funeral. You’ll see.” Jack says and walks away.

When you enter the arena area, it’s just a big empty white room with another door on the other side of it. High above you can see Henry on an upper floor with a clipboard behind some glass. He waves to you and speaks into a microphone.

“Okay Wolf, we’re going to start off slow, this subject hasn’t been injected with as much of the formula so I’m guessing you shouldn’t have any problems with him. Try not to kill him though, since we DO want some of them to survive!”
“No killing eh? Well I suppose there’s a first time for everything, alright Henry send in the victim.”

No sooner has the human entered the room, and you’ve already run up and drop kicked him in the face! You don’t allow him to get back up, and end up breaking one of his legs by totally destroying his knee. He’s in extreme pain and expresses it vocally.

“Damn Wolf! What the hell!?” Henry shouts.
“Hey you said not to kill him, you didn’t say anything about not breaking bones.”
“Alright, drag him out, and bring in the next one.”

This goes on for the next five fights. The subjects are getting tougher, but so far you haven’t had too many problems. You’ve notice a severe change in the subjects though, mainly being bigger and more vicious, they’re starting to not even resemble humans anymore, and in fact they resemble “Mr. Hyde” but even more out of control. You look up where Henry is located and you notice he seems to be laughing and joking with Jack. He addresses you again.

“How are you doing Wolf?”
“I’m a little tired, but I’m okay.”
“Okay Wolf, you’ve been doing well against one opponent, let’s see how you do against three.”
“Hey, you’re supposed to be testing their fighting skills not mine.”
“Well you’re kicking their asses, so I need to see them at least on equal footing.”
“Who are they supposed to be fighting? If they’re fighting other humans then you’ve succeeded, there’s no way a normal human can beat those steroid freaks I’ve been fighting. I don’t even think most of the alien races, humans have come in contact with could stand up to them. I’d say your formula is a success.”
“Wolf, I’m the scientist here, just a few more tests.”
“Fuck that, I’m done. I’m going home and getting some sleep, I’ll be taking my money now.”

When you try to go out the way you came in, a solid metal door slides from a hidden panel to block your way.

“Don’t think so Wolf, we’re done when I SAY we are!” Henry then begins to laugh maniacally and when a Mad Scientist does that, well it’s never good. And it’s really not looking good when three lumbering hulks come through the opposite door all intent on doing you massive harm.
> You fight
They’re already upon you, so there’s nothing else for it, you’ll have to fight, but you still have a plan to escape.

As soon as the first hulking freak is trying to bash your head in, you dodge and rake him across the eyes. This earns you a flailing backhand to the wall as it roars in pain, but you’ve effectively taken him out of the fight. Now the other two attempt to take advantage of you while you try to recover. You narrowly miss a punch that puts a large crack in the wall.

“Goddamn it, kill the fucking mongrel!” Henry screams.

You run up to the blind subject who’s still wailing and lumbering around swinging at anything. You jump up on its back and hold on as it tries to grab you. The two other freaks decide to tackle the both of you. As soon as the first one lunges into the blind one with a sickening crunch, you leap from him and on to the back of the second freak and then with all your might leap again through the glass of observation area!

“Sucks to be you Henry!” Jack says and runs off in the corner and takes off his clothing in a vain attempt to hide. Henry doesn’t say anything, he just reaches into his lab pocket for something; it’s a vial which he fully attempts to drink from.

Not wishing to deal with Mr. Hyde, you quickly knock the vial out of his hand and grab him by the throat. Henry looks helplessly over at the vial which falls to the floor and shatters leaking out all its contents.

“Got any last words before I rip your fucking spine out?”
“Urg. (Choke) Wait! Don’t you want to know why? See it from my point of view?”
“Fuck no! Besides Jack tried to warn me before all this shit went down, I thought he was lying though. Looks like you turned out to be the treacherous one. Too bad, I thought you were one of the few alright humans I knew.”
“Hold on, we can still work this out, I mean maybe I…”

You silence Henry’s pathetic pleas for mercy, with a quick snap to his neck; you don’t bother doing anything else, since you don’t really feel like wasting any more effort on him. You look down into the arena area where the three subjects have now turned on each other in a spectacularly bloody way. You can still sense someone in the room you’re in.

“Jack! I know you’re here! I might not be able to see you, but you know damn well I can smell your scent!”
”Hey, calm down Wolf, I did try to warn you!”
”Yeah I know and that’s why I’m not trying to kill you too, well that and the fact that I’m too damn tired, maybe later.”

Jack quickly changes the subject away from his possible death.

“Well I suppose you’ll be wanting your payment. You might as well have it, since you did me a favor by killing Henry anyway. Now I can test my own serum, and I won’t have to share the credit with him. There’s a briefcase under the table over there.”

You go over to pick it up, check it and head home where you collapse on your bed. You’ll be feeling the pain from all of this for days.

Still, it beats being a “guest speaker” at a comic convention.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“I don’t think so Jack. I’ve never trusted you and I’m not about to start now. You can shove your invention up your ass and give yourself an enema with it, because I ain’t drinking the shit.”
“Always with the colorful and inventive vocabulary Wolf. (Sigh) Very well, it’s your funeral. You’ll see.” Jack says and walks away.

When you enter the arena area, it’s just a big empty white room with another door on the other side of it. High above you can see Henry on an upper floor with a clipboard behind some glass. He waves to you and speaks into a microphone.

“Okay Wolf, we’re going to start off slow, this subject hasn’t been injected with as much of the formula so I’m guessing you shouldn’t have any problems with him. Try not to kill him though, since we DO want some of them to survive!”
“No killing eh? Well I suppose there’s a first time for everything, alright Henry send in the victim.”

No sooner has the human entered the room, and you’ve already run up and drop kicked him in the face! You don’t allow him to get back up, and end up breaking one of his legs by totally destroying his knee. He’s in extreme pain and expresses it vocally.

“Damn Wolf! What the hell!?” Henry shouts.
“Hey you said not to kill him, you didn’t say anything about not breaking bones.”
“Alright, drag him out, and bring in the next one.”

This goes on for the next five fights. The subjects are getting tougher, but so far you haven’t had too many problems. You’ve notice a severe change in the subjects though, mainly being bigger and more vicious, they’re starting to not even resemble humans anymore, and in fact they resemble “Mr. Hyde” but even more out of control. You look up where Henry is located and you notice he seems to be laughing and joking with Jack. He addresses you again.

“How are you doing Wolf?”
“I’m a little tired, but I’m okay.”
“Okay Wolf, you’ve been doing well against one opponent, let’s see how you do against three.”
“Hey, you’re supposed to be testing their fighting skills not mine.”
“Well you’re kicking their asses, so I need to see them at least on equal footing.”
“Who are they supposed to be fighting? If they’re fighting other humans then you’ve succeeded, there’s no way a normal human can beat those steroid freaks I’ve been fighting. I don’t even think most of the alien races, humans have come in contact with could stand up to them. I’d say your formula is a success.”
“Wolf, I’m the scientist here, just a few more tests.”
“Fuck that, I’m done. I’m going home and getting some sleep, I’ll be taking my money now.”

When you try to go out the way you came in, a solid metal door slides from a hidden panel to block your way.

“Don’t think so Wolf, we’re done when I SAY we are!” Henry then begins to laugh maniacally and when a Mad Scientist does that, well it’s never good. And it’s really not looking good when three lumbering hulks come through the opposite door all intent on doing you massive harm.
> You attempt to scale the wall
Your plan is to climb to Henry, break the glass and beat the fuck out of him. The walls are smooth, but your claws and climbing skills can certainly overcome them, they can’t overcome the three butcher shops on legs though.

As you attempt to climb, one of the subjects jumps up to grab your leg and slams you back down to the floor hard. The others then kick you about the head and frog stomp you in general. The last thing you see is a big black boot coming at your face, followed by Henry’s laughter.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Well despite your distrust of Jack, Henry’s always been alright and you could use the easy money. If it doesn’t sound like a good deal to you, you can always decline. You sit down with them both, keeping a constant eye on Jack, well his clothing anyway.

“Hey Wolf, glad to see you, it’s been awhile. I remember when we used to tear up places like this back in the day.” Henry says.
“Yeah, the good old days.” You say agreeing.
“When we were young and a lot more active.”
“Speak for yourself Henry.” You stand up and start punching and kicking. “I’m still active and I’m only as old as I feel which isn’t old at all! I can still… OW!” you get a slight sprain in your back when attempting to demonstrate your “youthful” combat abilities.
“No, Wolf you’re not old at all.” Jack snickers.
“Shut the fuck up Jack, I just haven’t been in a proper fight in awhile, I’m a little out of practice. Say, how about I practice on YOU?”
“Uh, okay calm down Wolf! Jack! We’re not here to antagonize anyone!”
“You’re right so let’s get all this catch up shit out of the way. Wolf, we got an experiment for you that should be right up your alley. It involves you testing those skills you claim you still have.”
“Oh yeah? What kind of experiment is this?”

Henry interjects before Jack can continue.

“Well the government hired us to develop something that increased combat ability. We’ve been testing it on humans and the results have been good so far, however we want to see how good it is, so we wanted to test them against non-human opponents, you came to mind since well you ARE the Alpha Wolf and despite your age, you are probably the best the Werewolf race has to offer as far as combat skills. I figure you’re still worth 10 of the cubs nowadays. Plus I know you like to kick ass and get paid for doing it. You know how the government likes to throw money around when it comes to new weapons, so I figure we can spare five thousand for your help.”
> You decline
Maybe it’s your sixth sense or mistrust in general, but you don’t really like the sound of this. Henry might be an alright guy, but you really don’t trust Jack and you’ve had problems with Mad Scientists before. Maybe if you were younger you’d take the risk, but you’re a lot wiser now and you’re not about to set yourself up into going into a bad situation that you might not be able to get out of. You’re not scared, you’re just not stupid. You decide to decline and make up an excuse.

“Well it does sound like fun, but unfortunately I’ve got a job from Erik recently that I need to see about tomorrow, so I’ll have to decline.”

Henry looks very surprised at your answer; it was almost as if he thought you’d immediately take his offer. He attempts to convince you further, but you continue to decline which makes his voice and inflections sound more desperate with a hint of anger in them.

“We were fucking friends Wolf! You’re going to leave me hanging like this?! Fucking ingrate! After all the fights I helped you in too!”
”Henry, you better just fucking mind your tone. And half those fights I distinctly remember you starting and ME having to finish them!”
“Why you fucking…” Henry stands up, which you do too daring him to do something, but naturally he realizes he isn’t in “Hyde” form, so he backs down. Jack eventually speaks up.
“Come on Henry let’s go, we can get someone else.”

Jack hands Henry his coat who’s still giving you the hard stare. Just before they leave Henry has to get another word in.

“Fucking yellow dog! You oughta be put out of your misery! The Wolf I knew would’ve jumped at this chance, I don’t know what happened, but you ain’t him! Fucking mongrel!”
“Alright Henry shut the fuck up, before he kicks your ass EEEK!”

Jack gets out of the way when he sees you charge at Henry, he doesn’t stand a chance in his human form and you beat the hell of him.

As he lies on the ground bleeding and pondering his poor choice of words, you relay a question to him.

“Is that more like the Wolf who you USED to know? And Jack get your invisible ass outta here, before I tear you a new one too! I’m not falling for whatever fucked up scheme you had planned for me!”

Jack quickly drags Henry out as quickly as possible, while you go back to drinking.

After drinking your drink, you head back home and decide to call Erik up tomorrow who’ll hopefully be less annoying and actually have a job for you. Turns out he does and you end up having to show up at a comic convention as a special guest. It’s not exactly exciting for you, but then at least you don’t have to get your head bashed in to get paid.

“Oooo! Ooo! Mr. Wolf! In Lycanthrope Terror #6, were you supposed to be immune to the silver dagger because you had sex with the witch who granted you extra powers in the beginning, or was it because you had been sent directly from Hell and thus had demon blood in your veins giving you extra powers? Because their problems with both of those things, because if…”

The nerdy human goes on for another 10 minutes pointing out plot holes when in actuality there isn’t one, since the fucking dagger wasn’t silver at all it was just really shiny steel, and if he’d paid as much attention to movie then he did his own whiney voice he’d know that.

Come to think of it, maybe getting your head bashed in might be preferable.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Fuck it, you don’t feel like putting up with Erik’s whining. You’ll talk to him later when you’re in the mood. You hang up and decide to engage in one of your favorite past time ever since you became part of “society”. Drink. You head down to the bar in town.

When you enter you see it nearly empty. Usually there’s someone here that you don’t like which gives you an excuse to get into a fight. You sit down and order a Scotch. The bartender tends to let you just drink and cleans up the mess you make afterwards, but today turns out a little differently.

“Hey Wolf, some people have been wanting to see you.” The bartender says nervously.
“Oh? Do these people have a name?” you ask downing your drink.
“Well they’re in the bar right now actually, I think they’re old acquaintances of yours.”

You scan the bar, which doesn’t take long considering its almost empty. And you’ll be damned you see not one, but THREE people from the old days; you’re surprised you didn’t notice them before.

At a nearby table you see Dr. Henry Jekyll and Dr. Jack Griffin. Jack normally would be difficult to see in this dark lighting at the best of times, since he’s invisible, but he’s perfectly noticeable enough when he wears clothing. They see you and wave you to come over.

At a table in the far corner you see Dr. Alphonse Moreau. He looks like a wreck. He’s obviously been chain smoking cigarettes and drinking a lot since he got here. He sees you and desperately signals you over like he needs your help severely.

While you’re not surprised to see all these humans still alive (Mad scientists ALWAYS figure out how to extend their life spans past the normal human limit) you’re just surprised that they all want to see you and it makes you suspicious. You’ve always been mistrustful of Mad Scientist types ever since your run in with Dr. Victor Frankenstein.

You turn to the bartender for more information.

“What the hell, is there a Mad Scientist convention in town or some shit? Why are they all here and why do they want me?”
“I dunno Wolf. I think its just coincidence. Henry and Jack say they got some sort of experiment going on and want your help on it. They know you’ve been needing some money lately and they’re willing to pay you for your time. I think Henry wants to play catch up with you as well.”
“Hmm, speaking of catch, there probably is one. So why’s Moreau here? Same thing?”
“He wouldn’t elaborate too much. He says he REALLY needs help with something, and it’s not an experiment. He says he gave up trying to play God. I dunno what’s wrong though you’ll have to ask him yourself. He just said, he’s willing to do anything for you if you help him.

Well this venture to the bar seems to have become potentially lucrative; the problem is you have to deal with a bunch of humans with God complexes. (You doubt what the bartender told you about Moreau, his type never gets out of the game completely) You decide to throw caution to the wind and take one of their jobs; you feel you’ll be up to the challenge. After all its common knowledge of what you did to Victor when he tried to take advantage of you once.

All it comes down to is who you want to deal with.
> You go sit with Moreau
You and Moreau have never had any dealings with each other before, so you’re kind of curious to as why he wanted to see you. You approach Moreau and he’s tripping over himself to thank you for seeing him. You’re a little suspicious of this treatment, especially since you’ve never been welcomed by anyone before.

“Wolf, its Wolf right? Or do you prefer Mr. Wolf?”
“Wolf is fine…will you tell me why the hell you want to see me so badly for? We’ve never had anything to do with each other before.”
“Yes. Quite correct. My Vision didn’t lead me to interact socially that much. Maybe I shouldn’t have concentrated so much on my Vision though. Maybe I should’ve been more flexible. If I had, I might not have the problems I have now.”
“Okay, so will you quit with the fucking mystery already and tell me what’s going on?”
“As you know I transformed my island into a utopia where no being harms another.”
“Pfft, some Utopia. I call it fucking with nature.”
“And you know what? I agree with you. At one time, I would’ve dismissed you as a vicious animal that only pleased his primal instincts.”
“You say it as if it’s a bad thing.” You utter.
“I once thought so…but now I’m starting to see reality for the first time. My Utopia wasn’t followed by the world…it was hated. It was despised. Most are jealous of what I’ve done and want to destroy it.”
“Duh, that’s humanity for you. So are you getting to the point anytime soon?”
“My Utopia is about to be destroyed, but NOT directly. No human nation wants to look like the bad guys so you know what they’ve done instead? They’re letting Martians do it for them!”
“What? Martians aren’t even allowed on this planet after all the unsuccessful attacks they’ve attempted on it.” You exclaim.
“See that’s just it. In exchange of a new Martian-Earthling Peace accord they’re letting the Martians put a colony here provided they don’t kill any humans. The Martians agreed and MY Island was scheduled for designation for the colony! If we stay they’ll be allowed to kill everyone since nobody on there is human except me.”
“Well that certainly does suck, but why not just move?”
“WHAT!? That’s our home! Would YOU move from your own home?”
“Eh…I suppose I can see your point. So what am I supposed to do though?”

Moreau takes another drink and looks at you with dead seriousness.

“I need you to get them all to FIGHT! I need you to get them all in touch with their animal instincts again! I know you’re more than just a werewolf. You’re the self-proclaimed Alpha. I need that viciousness, I need that aggressiveness, I need it ingrained into my people. I can’t do it. I’m not qualified, and I’d only make things worse. I can pay you all the money you want; our economy has always been good. If you like you could even live on the island and spend your remaining years there with nothing to worry about. You could mate with whoever you wanted, we could import whatever meat you wanted, or if you preferred…we could even make special arrangements just for you, to hunt living creatures. Anything…just please help us.”

This is pretty heavy shit. Moreau must be very desperate to come begging to a practical stranger. There’s no way he’s lying about this, you have heard some stuff lately about Martian-Human relations, though you don’t really pay attention to the news a lot. You can’t say Moreau’s offer isn’t appealing on some level, but as much of a badass you are, you’re not in your prime anymore. Taking on a shit load of Martians and training a bunch of genetic freaks of nature could be just a little out of your scope.
> You take the job; you always wondered what Martian meat tasted like
“Aw hell, if the past is any indication Martians ain’t shit. I don’t have anything better to do. Let’s get going.” You remark.

You and Moreau leave the next day to his island by private plane. When you arrive you can see why the place is considered a paradise, its basically untamed wilderness with some agricultural improvements and basic structures to house the citizens.

Speaking of citizens, you see them in person. They’re a motley looking bunch. You see boar boys, goat girls, manatee men, and wombat women and those are some of the regular ones. Some look like they’ve been mixed with several species of animals, so you can’t even be sure what the hell they are.

Moreau’s citizens are equally interested in you.

“Are you another citizen?” one of them asks as they all attempt to crowd you.
“What? Hell no! I’m a fucking werewolf! Not a freak of nature!” you snarl, not wanting them to touch you. Moreau take the opportunity to make sure you don’t kill anyone.
“This is Wolf. He’s different than you…in several ways. But he’s here to help us with our current problem, just like our aquatic friend who volunteered to help a few days ago.”

You stop Moreau.

“Aquatic friend? You got someone else to help you?” you ask.
“Well yes, I wasn’t sure if you’d help, so I tried to get others as well. You and he were the only takers it seems though. I’m pretty sure you and he are familiar with each other. I can’t pronounce his real name, but he goes by Gil.”

“Gil?! You got GIL?! He was almost as reclusive as you! How’d you get him to help?”
“I don’t know. It was really just a gamble. I made the same deal, but I had little hope of him accepting it since he’s not exactly fond of land dwellers. He accepted though since he’s tired of having humans intrude on his home every five minute. He already has a place set aside for himself on the island. I just hope the island is still ours after all this.”
“Where is he?”
“He keeps to himself in a nearby swamp. He likes his privacy and I respect it. You and he can talk later. I’d like you to get to the training. The Martians will be coming soon, I’m predicting in a matter of days.”
“DAYS!? You didn’t say that before! How am I supposed to train these freaks in days?”
“Please Wolf you must try! Gil tried and didn’t get very far; he may have even given up. I was hoping you might have more luck since you’re a bit closer to my citizens.”
“I’m nothing like your citizens…but I’ll see what I can do.”
> You start training the citizens
If Gil’s already given up, you see little point in involving him. He’s never liked land dwellers anyway. You call everyone to the center of the town.

“Alright I got a lot to teach you and there isn’t much time. As you all know the Martians are coming here and they won’t be interested in peace and love. They’ll be taking bets on who can blast more freaks.” You say frankly.
“That’s pretty judgmental of you. How do you know that they won’t accept us and live in peace with us?” one of the freaks asks.
“Because that’s not the Martian way! In fact it’s not ANYONE’S way! Not anyone sane anyway! The only reason why you freaks are all love and peace and shit, is because Moreau played God with your genetics and socially engineered you all to be pussies. It’s not right! But despite my disgust for your way of life, I’m here to get you back in touch with your animalistic sides. Now it’s my idea that you could evacuate the town and your other small settlements, take to the jungles, and wage a guerilla war on the Martians. A lot of you are designed for it already. The Martians are poor tacticians and weak immune systems, so the jungle diseases could have…”

And you realize you’re not convincing them.
> You keep trying
“Look I understand some of you freaks never had that predator instinct, but just because you’ve got herbivore blood doesn’t mean you can’t fight. Those antlers and horns are just for show, they’re for defense! And even if you’re a total sissy, you could at least act as scouts and shit. When the Martians approach you can neigh, whinny, baa, or uh…quack your heads off to warn the rest of us that will fight!”

They still don’t look convinced, now they’re starting to just leave. You begin to get angry.

“Damn it, don’t you freaks want to live? They’re going to kill all of you stupid bastards when they get here! Grow a fuckin’ pair and stand up for your freak existence!

“Stop calling us freaks, we are not animals!” one shouts.
“Oh ho! Struck a nerve did I? Look at you fuckin’ freaks! You’re a goddamn embarrassment to mother nature! You know what I’ll be glad when the Martians waste your sorry asses. You don’t deserve to live.”
“Fuck you! You’re no different than us you fucking hypocrite!”
“The hell I ain’t! I am a creature of nature! My mother was a werewolf and my father was a werewolf, and guess what? THEIR parents were werewolves! You know who your parents were? The DNA of some dead animals and some stupid humans that Moreau captured! Then you disgustingly mate with each other and create more freaks. Bunch of fucking mongrels!”

The crowd is beginning to get angry with you now. Good. Your plan is working.

“I can see that you’re all pissed off. You probably want to kick my ass; well that’s a bad idea, because I’m the only one who can properly train you in the short period of time, now save that anger for the Martians…”

Suddenly someone throws a rock at your head, causing you to fall. Before you can get up, you feel a strong kick to the face (Literally a mule kick) this is then followed up by the entire town attacking you. You kill quite a few, but they’re very intent on killing you, and eventually they rip you apart and even devour parts of you to make sure you won’t be regenerating back from the dead. Some of the older freaks kill Dr. Moreau as they remember the cruelty he inflicted in the past.

Their new found animal side is short lived since when the Martians arrive, they bombard the island with death beams killing most of the inhabitants before invading. The Martians then easily mop up the few survivors.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>If Gil’s already given up, you see little point in involving him. He’s never liked land dwellers anyway. You call everyone to the center of the town.

“Alright I got a lot to teach you and there isn’t much time. As you all know the Martians are coming here and they won’t be interested in peace and love. They’ll be taking bets on who can blast more freaks.” You say frankly.
“That’s pretty judgmental of you. How do you know that they won’t accept us and live in peace with us?” one of the freaks asks.
“Because that’s not the Martian way! In fact it’s not ANYONE’S way! Not anyone sane anyway! The only reason why you freaks are all love and peace and shit, is because Moreau played God with your genetics and socially engineered you all to be pussies. It’s not right! But despite my disgust for your way of life, I’m here to get you back in touch with your animalistic sides. Now it’s my idea that you could evacuate the town and your other small settlements, take to the jungles, and wage a guerilla war on the Martians. A lot of you are designed for it already. The Martians are poor tacticians and weak immune systems, so the jungle diseases could have…”

And you realize you’re not convincing them.
> You give up and try something else
You shake your head and go back to Moreau’s house. Moreau is fiddling with some large old looking radio that contains a small black and white screen in it.

“This is not going to work.” You tell him.
“You’re giving up already?!”
“Well I don’t know what to do, maybe if I had more time I could do something, but shit Moreau, you bred all the damn fight out of them.”

Just then a voice comes on the radio and an image appears on the screen, it looks like some deepsea diver…oh geez it’s Ro-Man. The bureaucratic joke of the galaxy. Its fitting that he should be working for a bunch of idiotic Martians.

“Dr. Moreau, the Martian colonist will be here soon! I hope you have made your evacuations of your island, or we shall WIPE you from it!” Ro-man says mechanically.
“Ro-Man, please can’t we talk about this? I mean we’re peaceful, we won’t cause you any trouble!” Moreau says into his microphone.
“No! My orders are clear! We will WIPE you from the island!”

You snatch the mic from Moreau and address Ro-Man.

“Hey Ro-Man, you must be really scraping the bottom of the barrel if you’re working for Martians now. What happened, all the other aliens realize what a fucking joke you are?”
“What!? Wolf?! What’re you doing there? We’re about to WIPE the island clean of all Earthlings and that includes you if you insist on staying there!” Ro-Man retorts.
“I know Martians were stupid, but fuck, didn’t they realize what a goddamn joke you were when YOU attempted to take over the Earth?”
“Shut up Wolf! Hey isn’t that island full of a bunch of pacifists? What’s a self-proclaimed badass Alpha Wolf doing there? You turn pussy too or are YOU scraping the bottom of the barrel by working for them?”
“Fuck off Ro-Man! I got an idea, how about we settle this hand to hand combat? If I win you all go home, and if you win…well you won’t win, because you’re fucking moron.”
“I don’t think so; we’re intent on colonizing this island in accordance with the new Earth-Mars cooperation treaty. Your pitiful attempts to stall for time are useless.”
“Who says I’m stalling for time? I’m just saying I could kick your ass! You think I give a shit about this island? I’m just here to see if I got one more fight left in me, I was hoping for more of a challenge, but you’ll have to do. Of course if you’re too scared…”
”Aaargh! Alright! I’ll play your little game you mangy Earth mammal! We’ll do battle when we arrive and I’ll take great pleasure in crushing your skull!”

Ro-man breaks communication, and Moreau is more than a little disturbed by your recent conversation.

“Wolf! You promised to help us! I knew you were a lot of things, but I thought you at least weren’t a liar!”
“Calm the hell down Moreau! Despite what Ro-Man thinks, I have bough you guys some time. While me and Ro-Man are bashing each others heads in, the Martians will be gathered around watching and probably taking bets. Besides unsuccessful invasions and fucking human women, there’s nothing they like better than watching a fight.”
“Okay, but what good does that do us? I mean even if you win, the Martians will still kill all of us.”
“Ah that’s where you and the hippy freak coalition come in. I know you guys are fond of your drugs here, so when the Martians are watching I want you guys to act like hosts and serve drinks laced with LSD or whatever hallucinogenics you keep stashed here. By the time I finish kicking Ro-Man’s ass, the Martians will be tripping so hard you can make quick work of them.”
“That’s not a bad plan, but I think we’ll dispense with killing them as you’re suggesting. We can just destroy their weapons.”
“(Sigh) Alright suit yourselves. But unarmed Martians are still hostile, even if they aren’t typically threatening.”
“If I can make my citizens civilized, I can do the same with Martians, now let’s get prepared. What do I serve them to drink though? Its not like we have whatever it is Martians like to drink here.”
“Sure you do. You’ve got water. Mars isn’t known for having a lot of it, so they can’t get enough of the stuff. Its one of the reasons why they wanted Earth so damn bad.”

A few days pass and Moreau prepares his citizens for the plan, while they build some risers and bleachers for the fight, meanwhile you get in some last minute training. Ro-Man might be an idiot, but you’ve got a pretty good idea that he’s very strong, you’ll have to be on the top of your game.

You watch the skies and finally the Martians arrive. They land and all come pouring out of their saucers firing their lasers in the air, and yelling about how they’re going to see a good fight. Ro-Man appears and looks as goofy as he always has. A large crowd gathers and soon it’s just you and Ro-Man in the center.

“This is going to be your biggest mistake since your infamous Plan 9 invasion attempt.” You tell Ro-Man.
> You fight aggressively
You didn’t come here to do the job half assed, so you’re going to give it your all. The only real advantage Ro-Man has is his strength, other than that you’re a better fighter in every way. You start off with a foot smash to his shin, then following it up with a claw to the crotch. Ro-Man attempts to grab you, but you roll out of the way.

You run around behind him and strike a vicious blow to his kidneys (Or at least where you think they’re located, he isn’t human after all) he swings his big gorilla like arms and back hands you in the face, knocking you a couple of feet to the ground. The Martians are cheering loudly at this point. You see Moreau’s freaks serving the drinks in the stands. You have to at least keep this up until the drugs kick in, and even then you’re not sure what will happen. For all you know it won’t even effect the Martians.

You dodge another clumsy attack by Ro-Man and bite the fuck out of his leg ripping a good chunk off. Ugh! It tastes terrible! You’ll taste that for days assuming you live through this, which Ro-Man is attempting to make sure doesn’t happen, as he finally gets a good grip on you. He grabs you from the back and places you in a crushing bear hug. You can’t get free, the thing you can do is either use the back of your head and smash his face with it in a reverse head butt, or stretch your neck a bit and attempt to bite one of his massive arms.
> You reverse head butt
On most opponents this would’ve worked, unfortunately you seem to have forgotten that Ro-Man’s head is a fucking deep sea diver’s helmet! When you hear that “KLANG!” all you do is successfully knock yourself out. Ro-Man finishes you off, by breaking your back and keeping his promise of crushing your skull with his foot.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You didn’t come here to do the job half assed, so you’re going to give it your all. The only real advantage Ro-Man has is his strength, other than that you’re a better fighter in every way. You start off with a foot smash to his shin, then following it up with a claw to the crotch. Ro-Man attempts to grab you, but you roll out of the way.

You run around behind him and strike a vicious blow to his kidneys (Or at least where you think they’re located, he isn’t human after all) he swings his big gorilla like arms and back hands you in the face, knocking you a couple of feet to the ground. The Martians are cheering loudly at this point. You see Moreau’s freaks serving the drinks in the stands. You have to at least keep this up until the drugs kick in, and even then you’re not sure what will happen. For all you know it won’t even effect the Martians.

You dodge another clumsy attack by Ro-Man and bite the fuck out of his leg ripping a good chunk off. Ugh! It tastes terrible! You’ll taste that for days assuming you live through this, which Ro-Man is attempting to make sure doesn’t happen, as he finally gets a good grip on you. He grabs you from the back and places you in a crushing bear hug. You can’t get free, the thing you can do is either use the back of your head and smash his face with it in a reverse head butt, or stretch your neck a bit and attempt to bite one of his massive arms.
> You bite his arm
It’s going to taste like shit, but you bite down on Ro-Man’s arm ripping another chunk out of him, he drops you instantly and begins to feel the effects of his wounds as he bleeds severely from his arm and leg.

And it looks like the drugs are taking effect too; you take a quick look in the stands and see them behaving strangely. A lot of them are giggling to themselves and hugging each other; some are just walking around in circles, and others are staring into the distance, pontificating about how they can hear the colors and taste sound. Fortunately none of them seem to have gotten more violent. Moreau’s freaks take their weapons away from them.

Meanwhile Ro-Man is attempting to escape back to one of the saucers, limping and leaving a blood trail behind him. You attempt to finish him off, and tackle him to the ground, but he manages to bash you in the face a few times and gets you off of him. While you’re trying to recover, he escapes in the saucer.

Oh well, it’s another loss for him and another win for you. That’s the important thing.

Moreau approaches you while you brush yourself off.

“You did it Wolf! You saved the island and with a minimum of violence!” he says.
“Unfortunately. Well at least I got to kick someone’s ass, even if it was Ro-Man.”
“So do you want to stay on this island as part of our agreement? Remember I said we’ll make special arrangements for you.”

You look at Moreau’s freaks again who are now also tripping on drugs along with the Martians. The freaks and the Martians look like they’ve gotten very close to each other too. It looks like an orgy is about the break out.

“Uh no! Living with your freaks would be bad enough, but adding Martians makes it even less attractive. I’ll be taking my reward in cash and leaving NOW!”

Moreau shrugs his shoulders, goes back to his office and returns with a briefcase of money, which should be enough to support you for a long time. He flies you back to your home, where you head back to your run down cabin in the woods.

It may not be paradise, but it’s yours and you don’t have to put up with hippy peace freaks or idiotic drug addled Martians.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You shake your head and go back to Moreau’s house. Moreau is fiddling with some large old looking radio that contains a small black and white screen in it.

“This is not going to work.” You tell him.
“You’re giving up already?!”
“Well I don’t know what to do, maybe if I had more time I could do something, but shit Moreau, you bred all the damn fight out of them.”

Just then a voice comes on the radio and an image appears on the screen, it looks like some deepsea diver…oh geez it’s Ro-Man. The bureaucratic joke of the galaxy. Its fitting that he should be working for a bunch of idiotic Martians.

“Dr. Moreau, the Martian colonist will be here soon! I hope you have made your evacuations of your island, or we shall WIPE you from it!” Ro-man says mechanically.
“Ro-Man, please can’t we talk about this? I mean we’re peaceful, we won’t cause you any trouble!” Moreau says into his microphone.
“No! My orders are clear! We will WIPE you from the island!”

You snatch the mic from Moreau and address Ro-Man.

“Hey Ro-Man, you must be really scraping the bottom of the barrel if you’re working for Martians now. What happened, all the other aliens realize what a fucking joke you are?”
“What!? Wolf?! What’re you doing there? We’re about to WIPE the island clean of all Earthlings and that includes you if you insist on staying there!” Ro-Man retorts.
“I know Martians were stupid, but fuck, didn’t they realize what a goddamn joke you were when YOU attempted to take over the Earth?”
“Shut up Wolf! Hey isn’t that island full of a bunch of pacifists? What’s a self-proclaimed badass Alpha Wolf doing there? You turn pussy too or are YOU scraping the bottom of the barrel by working for them?”
“Fuck off Ro-Man! I got an idea, how about we settle this hand to hand combat? If I win you all go home, and if you win…well you won’t win, because you’re fucking moron.”
“I don’t think so; we’re intent on colonizing this island in accordance with the new Earth-Mars cooperation treaty. Your pitiful attempts to stall for time are useless.”
“Who says I’m stalling for time? I’m just saying I could kick your ass! You think I give a shit about this island? I’m just here to see if I got one more fight left in me, I was hoping for more of a challenge, but you’ll have to do. Of course if you’re too scared…”
”Aaargh! Alright! I’ll play your little game you mangy Earth mammal! We’ll do battle when we arrive and I’ll take great pleasure in crushing your skull!”

Ro-man breaks communication, and Moreau is more than a little disturbed by your recent conversation.

“Wolf! You promised to help us! I knew you were a lot of things, but I thought you at least weren’t a liar!”
“Calm the hell down Moreau! Despite what Ro-Man thinks, I have bough you guys some time. While me and Ro-Man are bashing each others heads in, the Martians will be gathered around watching and probably taking bets. Besides unsuccessful invasions and fucking human women, there’s nothing they like better than watching a fight.”
“Okay, but what good does that do us? I mean even if you win, the Martians will still kill all of us.”
“Ah that’s where you and the hippy freak coalition come in. I know you guys are fond of your drugs here, so when the Martians are watching I want you guys to act like hosts and serve drinks laced with LSD or whatever hallucinogenics you keep stashed here. By the time I finish kicking Ro-Man’s ass, the Martians will be tripping so hard you can make quick work of them.”
“That’s not a bad plan, but I think we’ll dispense with killing them as you’re suggesting. We can just destroy their weapons.”
“(Sigh) Alright suit yourselves. But unarmed Martians are still hostile, even if they aren’t typically threatening.”
“If I can make my citizens civilized, I can do the same with Martians, now let’s get prepared. What do I serve them to drink though? Its not like we have whatever it is Martians like to drink here.”
“Sure you do. You’ve got water. Mars isn’t known for having a lot of it, so they can’t get enough of the stuff. Its one of the reasons why they wanted Earth so damn bad.”

A few days pass and Moreau prepares his citizens for the plan, while they build some risers and bleachers for the fight, meanwhile you get in some last minute training. Ro-Man might be an idiot, but you’ve got a pretty good idea that he’s very strong, you’ll have to be on the top of your game.

You watch the skies and finally the Martians arrive. They land and all come pouring out of their saucers firing their lasers in the air, and yelling about how they’re going to see a good fight. Ro-Man appears and looks as goofy as he always has. A large crowd gathers and soon it’s just you and Ro-Man in the center.

“This is going to be your biggest mistake since your infamous Plan 9 invasion attempt.” You tell Ro-Man.
> You fight defensively
You figure all you need to do is last until the drugs start affecting the Martians, Ro-Man’s not very fast so you can just stay out of his way. You don’t want to tire yourself out.

The problem with this is the Martians begin to get restless and angry at the “dodge and run” tactic, this is followed by loud booing. They came to see a fight not a dance!

One of the Martians decides to take matters into his own hands and blasts you with his incineration beam. They proceed to do the same to the rest of the inhabitants on the island.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You shake your head and go back to Moreau’s house. Moreau is fiddling with some large old looking radio that contains a small black and white screen in it.

“This is not going to work.” You tell him.
“You’re giving up already?!”
“Well I don’t know what to do, maybe if I had more time I could do something, but shit Moreau, you bred all the damn fight out of them.”

Just then a voice comes on the radio and an image appears on the screen, it looks like some deepsea diver…oh geez it’s Ro-Man. The bureaucratic joke of the galaxy. Its fitting that he should be working for a bunch of idiotic Martians.

“Dr. Moreau, the Martian colonist will be here soon! I hope you have made your evacuations of your island, or we shall WIPE you from it!” Ro-man says mechanically.
“Ro-Man, please can’t we talk about this? I mean we’re peaceful, we won’t cause you any trouble!” Moreau says into his microphone.
“No! My orders are clear! We will WIPE you from the island!”

You snatch the mic from Moreau and address Ro-Man.

“Hey Ro-Man, you must be really scraping the bottom of the barrel if you’re working for Martians now. What happened, all the other aliens realize what a fucking joke you are?”
“What!? Wolf?! What’re you doing there? We’re about to WIPE the island clean of all Earthlings and that includes you if you insist on staying there!” Ro-Man retorts.
“I know Martians were stupid, but fuck, didn’t they realize what a goddamn joke you were when YOU attempted to take over the Earth?”
“Shut up Wolf! Hey isn’t that island full of a bunch of pacifists? What’s a self-proclaimed badass Alpha Wolf doing there? You turn pussy too or are YOU scraping the bottom of the barrel by working for them?”
“Fuck off Ro-Man! I got an idea, how about we settle this hand to hand combat? If I win you all go home, and if you win…well you won’t win, because you’re fucking moron.”
“I don’t think so; we’re intent on colonizing this island in accordance with the new Earth-Mars cooperation treaty. Your pitiful attempts to stall for time are useless.”
“Who says I’m stalling for time? I’m just saying I could kick your ass! You think I give a shit about this island? I’m just here to see if I got one more fight left in me, I was hoping for more of a challenge, but you’ll have to do. Of course if you’re too scared…”
”Aaargh! Alright! I’ll play your little game you mangy Earth mammal! We’ll do battle when we arrive and I’ll take great pleasure in crushing your skull!”

Ro-man breaks communication, and Moreau is more than a little disturbed by your recent conversation.

“Wolf! You promised to help us! I knew you were a lot of things, but I thought you at least weren’t a liar!”
“Calm the hell down Moreau! Despite what Ro-Man thinks, I have bough you guys some time. While me and Ro-Man are bashing each others heads in, the Martians will be gathered around watching and probably taking bets. Besides unsuccessful invasions and fucking human women, there’s nothing they like better than watching a fight.”
“Okay, but what good does that do us? I mean even if you win, the Martians will still kill all of us.”
“Ah that’s where you and the hippy freak coalition come in. I know you guys are fond of your drugs here, so when the Martians are watching I want you guys to act like hosts and serve drinks laced with LSD or whatever hallucinogenics you keep stashed here. By the time I finish kicking Ro-Man’s ass, the Martians will be tripping so hard you can make quick work of them.”
“That’s not a bad plan, but I think we’ll dispense with killing them as you’re suggesting. We can just destroy their weapons.”
“(Sigh) Alright suit yourselves. But unarmed Martians are still hostile, even if they aren’t typically threatening.”
“If I can make my citizens civilized, I can do the same with Martians, now let’s get prepared. What do I serve them to drink though? Its not like we have whatever it is Martians like to drink here.”
“Sure you do. You’ve got water. Mars isn’t known for having a lot of it, so they can’t get enough of the stuff. Its one of the reasons why they wanted Earth so damn bad.”

A few days pass and Moreau prepares his citizens for the plan, while they build some risers and bleachers for the fight, meanwhile you get in some last minute training. Ro-Man might be an idiot, but you’ve got a pretty good idea that he’s very strong, you’ll have to be on the top of your game.

You watch the skies and finally the Martians arrive. They land and all come pouring out of their saucers firing their lasers in the air, and yelling about how they’re going to see a good fight. Ro-Man appears and looks as goofy as he always has. A large crowd gathers and soon it’s just you and Ro-Man in the center.

“This is going to be your biggest mistake since your infamous Plan 9 invasion attempt.” You tell Ro-Man.
> You memories (Ro-Man)
Robot Monster: Ro-Man

If there’s a bigger laughing stock of the galaxy, they must’ve died of shame, because it would be tough to top Ro-Man.

Ro-Man’s appearance is comical enough, but his personality takes him over the edge. For the most part he comes across as a typical unflinching bureaucratic tight ass that does everything his superiors tell him to the letter. However he does have his own ambitions and plans but he’s never competent enough to carry them through, since he can barely carry out plans of his superiors.

The incident that really destroyed his career was his failed invasion of Earth. After seeing that the Martians were so interested in the planet he convinced his superior called “The Great One” that they should invade it and that he should lead the invasion force. He said he just needed one ship to do it too. The Great One up to that point wasn’t too impressed with Ro-Man, but he indulged the fool and said he’d get a promotion if he pulled it off. Ro-Man had it all planned out, he was going to WIPE out humanity (As he liked to say) and make the way clear for his own people to colonize. He developed a big death ray and everything.

What happened next made every failed invasion by the Martians look like military genius in comparison.

After he did all his long winded speeches, the governments of Earth pretty much dismissed him for the long winded blowhard he was and ignored him as a potential threat. Ro-Man was incensed and unleashed his “Death Beam” and destroyed every Earthling on the planet…

Or at least that’s what he thought happened, what really happened is when he turned the damn thing on he caused a power outage in his ship due to his bad wiring. After fumbling around in the dark for awhile and putting in a new fuse, his lighting came back on. Unfortunately for him not all the rest of his controls went back on line, but of course this genius didn’t think to make sure. When he checked his scanners they didn’t detect any life on Earth. It never occurred to him that all Earthlings hadn’t been WIPED out and his scanners just weren’t working.

Thinking he’d succeeded in his plan he landed on Earth to check things out, but instead of landing some place that would’ve tipped him off right away like a major city, he landed in the boondocks, where he ended up running into some very frightened humans who he figured were the only survivors on Earth. He spent the next few months chasing them around trying to kill them, until he started to get a hard on for some of the young human girls and then he was just trying to commit intergalactic rape at that point.

What ultimately happened was some hunter caught sight of him and shot him in the ass with a heavy duty tranquilizer, thinking he was Bigfoot. (He wanted to capture him alive for a reward) When he woke up he was on the first saucer back home and deported in great shame. His planet was humiliated for his spectacularly idiotic failure. He was demoted several ranks after that and eventually just kicked off his planet and his citizenship revoked. Later he would go on to hire himself as a mercenary for other aliens often as an invasion consultant.

Needless to say he would get hired once and then have to find a new employer.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Aw hell, if the past is any indication Martians ain’t shit. I don’t have anything better to do. Let’s get going.” You remark.

You and Moreau leave the next day to his island by private plane. When you arrive you can see why the place is considered a paradise, its basically untamed wilderness with some agricultural improvements and basic structures to house the citizens.

Speaking of citizens, you see them in person. They’re a motley looking bunch. You see boar boys, goat girls, manatee men, and wombat women and those are some of the regular ones. Some look like they’ve been mixed with several species of animals, so you can’t even be sure what the hell they are.

Moreau’s citizens are equally interested in you.

“Are you another citizen?” one of them asks as they all attempt to crowd you.
“What? Hell no! I’m a fucking werewolf! Not a freak of nature!” you snarl, not wanting them to touch you. Moreau take the opportunity to make sure you don’t kill anyone.
“This is Wolf. He’s different than you…in several ways. But he’s here to help us with our current problem, just like our aquatic friend who volunteered to help a few days ago.”

You stop Moreau.

“Aquatic friend? You got someone else to help you?” you ask.
“Well yes, I wasn’t sure if you’d help, so I tried to get others as well. You and he were the only takers it seems though. I’m pretty sure you and he are familiar with each other. I can’t pronounce his real name, but he goes by Gil.”

“Gil?! You got GIL?! He was almost as reclusive as you! How’d you get him to help?”
“I don’t know. It was really just a gamble. I made the same deal, but I had little hope of him accepting it since he’s not exactly fond of land dwellers. He accepted though since he’s tired of having humans intrude on his home every five minute. He already has a place set aside for himself on the island. I just hope the island is still ours after all this.”
“Where is he?”
“He keeps to himself in a nearby swamp. He likes his privacy and I respect it. You and he can talk later. I’d like you to get to the training. The Martians will be coming soon, I’m predicting in a matter of days.”
“DAYS!? You didn’t say that before! How am I supposed to train these freaks in days?”
“Please Wolf you must try! Gil tried and didn’t get very far; he may have even given up. I was hoping you might have more luck since you’re a bit closer to my citizens.”
“I’m nothing like your citizens…but I’ll see what I can do.”
> You go talk with Gil
You take one look at Moreau’s citizens and shake your head. There’s no way you can whip these freaks into shape by yourself. Look at them, all peace and love and shit. There’s a damn giraffe man kissing a damn bear woman. It’s not right! You’re too disgusted right now; you have to talk to someone normal!

You go to the nearby swamp, where you see Gil catching a small lizard and eating it.

“Well its good to see someone here, who’s not a pansy ass herbivore.” You say.

Gil looks up, perturbed at first, but surprised when he sees you.

“Wolf? What’re you doing here?”
“Same thing as you, Moreau offered to set me up for life, if I help him. Though I don’t see how that’s possible with the freaks I just met.”
“I know, tell me about it. I can’t even get them to argue with me! I was calling them a bunch of ignorant land dwellers who should’ve been killed at birth like the freaks they were and they tried to do was hug me.”
“Still don’t like surfacer dwellers eh Gil?”
“Hell no! I wouldn’t even be here, but I was getting really tired of moving every five minutes because humans feel the need to build a factory near my home. At least here, I know that’s not going to happen and the freaks will know to leave me be.”
“Assuming the freaks will still be here. The Martians will be taking over soon if we don’t do anything.” You remind Gil.
“I know, I know. They would be even worse neighbors than humans assuming they would still let me live here. (Sigh) Looks like I’ll be moving again soon.”
“Oh come on Gil, we gotta think up something. The Martians are a bunch of idiots. I can’t give up just yet.”
“Ah I should’ve suspected. You’re here to prove you still got one fight left in you. The old Alpha Wolf syndrome.”
“I’m not here just for that, but maybe that is part of it. So what the hell’s wrong with that?”
“Nothing I suppose. It’s your life. I just think it’s a pointless and silly endeavor that gets you killed for no good reason.”
“Oh fuck you Gil. We’re natural born killers, we’re designed to establish our dominance and be combative! You of all should understand that. You want to die an old fish in your sleep?”
“Sounds about right. Look Wolf, I know you’ve always subscribed to natural law, survival of fittest ideology and I do too. But you take it to the fucking extreme that it’s ridiculous. Really I mean don’t you feel that in your elder years that you’d just like peace and quiet? I never picked fights for the hell of it. It didn’t make much sense. I mean shit, I’ve been fighting humans all my damn life, and I’m tired of it. I want to rest. I always just wanted to be left alone but the damn land dwellers wouldn’t leave me alone.”
“Gil, I learned a long time ago, no matter how much you try, shitheads are going to bother you. You can be a recluse like you and Moreau or be an anti-social asshole like me. It doesn’t matter. Someone is going to fuck with you; someone is going to annoy you. All you can do is deal with it head on and make the best of it. What’re you going to do Gil? Move when the Martians arrive? Then move again when some humans build yet another factory by your new home and just keep going like that until you die? You got a chance here to pretty much live your dream of a relatively peaceful undisturbed life here. It’s not going to get any better Gil. All you gotta do is stand up to the Martians. Yeah, maybe you’ll get killed, but it’s better than constantly being on the run.”

Your words have made sense to Gil. He can’t really argue with your logic. This place probably is the best he’s going to ever have it on this planet. He just needs to help get rid of the Martian threat.

“Well Wolf, I guess either way this is going to be my last fight. Alright what should we do next? Because attempting to train the freaks seems like it’s doomed to failure.”
> You ask Gil if he knows anyone else who can help
If you actually had any friends you’d ask them if they could help, but since you don’t, you ask Gil if he knows anyone.

“Not really.” He says.
“Come on Gil, I mean you must know someone! There were a ton of aquatic sea monsters!”
“Oh yeah, we ALL know each other. Damn land dweller ignorance. I bet we all look alike to too you right?” Gil says annoyed.
“And I suppose you don’t think we all look alike?” you retort.
“Alright nevermind. I don’t know though, most of the beings I know, tolerate land dwellers even less than I do. And most of them can’t even leave the water to begin with.”
“I guess giant crabs and squids are out of the question then huh?”
“You guess right.”
“Damn.”
“Okay well, I DO have a cousin that might help, but we haven’t spoken in years.”
“Would he be of much help?”
“Oh he’d be more than enough help; he doesn’t much care for aliens in general. In fact he doesn’t like anyone and is very violent.”
“Sounds like a great guy.” You say.
“Hmm, yes I’m sure you and he have a few things in common. He’s another that pointless picks fights and believes in proving his dominance whenever possible.”
“Well get his ass over here!”
“I don’t know if he’ll come, we had a fight about something a long time ago hence the reason we haven’t spoken.”
“Gil, I know Moreau has at least one phone on this island. USE IT. NOW!”
“Alright, I’ll try, but like I said I don’t know if he’ll come to help.

You and Gil make your way back to Moreau’s freak town where the freaks still give you strange looks. You knock on Moreau’s door.

“Hey Moreau! Open up, Gil’s gotta use the phone.”

Moreau looks as haggard as ever when he opens his door.

“Damn Moreau, you look like shit, you really need to take better care of yourself. Eat some fucking meat. Anyway, Gil has a bad ass cousin apparently that can help, he just needs to call him.”
“Wolf, I don’t know if he’ll come, and now that I’m thinking about it, I don’t know if I WANT him to come. He might still be pissed at me.”
”Have some faith Gil.”

Gil picks up the phone and starts pressing a million numbers.

“Where the hell does your cousin live, Gil?”
“Japan. Oh I got a tone…here he is. Hello Godzilla?”

“Your cousin is FUCKING GODZILLA?!” you ask.
“Oh even I’ve heard of him, heard he was giant lizard that routinely defeated other monsters and aliens. Surely he’ll be able to help.” Moreau says hopefully.

You look at Moreau in disbelief, he apparently has been such a recluse he hasn’t even kept up on who the fuck Godzilla really is and the extent of his power. You know damn well if Godzilla comes here, the Martians will be destroyed, but so will everything else on the island!

“It’s me. No don’t hang up! Look I’m sorry about that! I didn’t mean for that to happen! Come on I really need your help. I’m in a predicament and…”

You snatch the phone from Gil

“Dammit, no matter what shit happened between you two, you should at least know how your cousin’s mind operates by now, Gil!” you say to Gil.

“Hello, Godzilla? Big fan. My name’s Wolf you might know me, but it doesn’t matter if you don’t. Look there’s a bunch of fucking Martians coming down to Earth thinking they’re tough shit and acting like they’re going to own the place. Yeah I know you’re King of the Monsters here on Earth, but you know how all aliens are, they’re arrogant bastards. Okay. Oh why thank you! That was my favorite role; I got to kill 17 humans in that one! Glad to see you have heard of me. Alright bye.”

You turn to Moreau and Gil.

“He’s coming.” You say.
> You get the hell off the island
You respect and even admire Godzilla for his abilities, but you’re not a damn idiot! When Godzilla comes to kick ass, he goes into overkill. You don’t want to be anywhere on the island when he arrives. You ask Moreau for your money.

“Alright Moreau, you said I could have my reward in cash, I’ll be taking it now seeing as my work here is done.”
“What?! You haven’t done anything!” Moreau says.
“The hell I didn’t, I got Godzilla to come here. He’ll solve your Martian problem.”
“Okay there’s two things wrong with that statement. First of all YOU still aren’t personally doing anything. Second of all Godzilla is Gil’s cousin not yours, if anything he gets credit for this before you!”
“Yeah!” Gil remarks.
“That may be, but I’m the one who convinced Godzilla to come here! Gil was too busy stuttering and apologizing.”
“Godzilla’s not even here yet! I’m not paying you anything; you can wait until after he gets rid of the Martians.”

Looks like Moreau isn’t parting with anything until after the job is completed, but if you wait until after Godzilla does his thing there won’t be anything left on the island to part with and that’s assuming you can find some place to lay low to avoid the sheer destruction that’s sure to come. (Even though Moreau seems to be ignorant of what’s about to occur to his Utopia)
> You insist on getting paid
You begin to get angry at Moreau’s unwillingness to pay up.

“Moreau I’m going to ask you ONE last time, I want my money!” you snarl.
“You’re not getting anything from me! And you can stop threatening me, because it won’t work! I had to face angry tigermen and worse while attempting to turn this place into a Utopia! So you can just…”

You don’t let Moreau finish that sentence; you take a swipe at him with your claws, knocking him down. He slams his head into his desk and looks very still. Gil goes over to check on him.

“He’s dead.” Gil says.
“Damn, I didn’t mean to hit him so hard, I was just trying to scare him a bit.”
“You dickhead! NOW what are we supposed to do?!”
“Will you relax, I’m sure he’s got a safe or some place where he keeps the money, all we have to do is find it, it can’t be far.”
”I’m not talking about that! I’m talking about he was the only one who could fly the plane of the island! How the hell are we supposed to leave now that he’s dead?! And do I need to remind you that my cousin is coming here? I didn’t want to be here anymore than you did when he arrived especially since he’s pissed at me!”
“Oh shit, I didn’t think about that. FUCK! Wait a minute! What the hell are you worried about? All you gotta do is start swimming!”
”Hey asshole, it’s the fucking ocean! SALTWATER! I can’t survive in that shit. Not for that long anyway. I might as well be swimming in vinegar.”
“Hold on you better just calm the fuck down, and watch your tone Fishboy.”
“Fuck you mangy land dwelling dog! I should’ve never listened to you!”

Gil is just as pissed at you as you are with him right now and you both act on your anger. A fight between you both occurs in the office, and eventually out in the middle of the town. Moreau’s freaks stand in disbelief, they’re unaccustomed to seeing such violence in a long time, and the younger ones have never seen it at all. Most of them just stand out of the way as you and Gil attempt to kill one another.

You fight for a couple days, and then the Martians arrive. When they see that the island is still inhabited they go into their kill all Earthlings routine and start killing the citizens of the island with ease, until they’re all dead. Meanwhile you and Gil are still beating each others brains out. The Martians decide not to interrupt and start placing bets; you’re the odds on favorite since Gil is starting to dehydrate at this point.

Another day passes and Godzilla finally arrives. The Martians attempt to fight back, but this is fucking Godzilla. He merely sneezes at their beam weapons and their saucers. Then he crushes the remaining ones under foot, destroying most of the island in the process.

Then he notices Gil, and remembering whatever he did to piss him off, he decides to get some payback. Unfortunately you’re in the way of his “payback” and you’re both incinerated with one bellow of radioactive fire.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You respect and even admire Godzilla for his abilities, but you’re not a damn idiot! When Godzilla comes to kick ass, he goes into overkill. You don’t want to be anywhere on the island when he arrives. You ask Moreau for your money.

“Alright Moreau, you said I could have my reward in cash, I’ll be taking it now seeing as my work here is done.”
“What?! You haven’t done anything!” Moreau says.
“The hell I didn’t, I got Godzilla to come here. He’ll solve your Martian problem.”
“Okay there’s two things wrong with that statement. First of all YOU still aren’t personally doing anything. Second of all Godzilla is Gil’s cousin not yours, if anything he gets credit for this before you!”
“Yeah!” Gil remarks.
“That may be, but I’m the one who convinced Godzilla to come here! Gil was too busy stuttering and apologizing.”
“Godzilla’s not even here yet! I’m not paying you anything; you can wait until after he gets rid of the Martians.”

Looks like Moreau isn’t parting with anything until after the job is completed, but if you wait until after Godzilla does his thing there won’t be anything left on the island to part with and that’s assuming you can find some place to lay low to avoid the sheer destruction that’s sure to come. (Even though Moreau seems to be ignorant of what’s about to occur to his Utopia)
> You leave without getting paid
You don’t even care about the money or anything at this point, you just need to get off this island and Moreau’s the only one who can fly the plane.

“Alright look, forget the money, just take me home, I just don’t want to be on this island any longer the whole place sickens my sensibilities.”

Moreau looks annoyed by your comment.

“Hmm, well if you hate my Utopia so much, I certainly won’t keep you any longer. I’ll fly you home immediately. I didn’t want your kind really living here anyway. At least Gil is civilized enough to appreciate this place.”
“Uh actually I’d like to go back to the mainland as well. I don’t care about any money either, I’m not going to be living anywhere that requires rent anyway.” Gil says nervously.
“What? I thought you wanted to stay?”
“I changed my mind! Can we just leave?!”
“Alright fine, I’ll fly you both back. I’ll get the plane ready. I’m a little puzzled by all this, you’ve helped me, but now you don’t want any reward. All I can say is thanks I guess.”

After Moreau leaves to start up the plane, you ask Gil what’s up with him.

“So why are you leaving?” you ask.
“Duh! The same reason you are, because my cousin will destroy this fucking place, even though Moreau seems to be oblivious of that fact. Not to mention he still sounded pissed at me on the phone, so I don’t want to be here when he arrives! (Sigh) And I did so want to live here too.”
“Well if it wasn’t your cousin, it would’ve been the Martians so you would’ve had to leave anyway. I’m not getting anything out of this either; I gotta go back to my cabin in the woods and figure out how to raise some money again. I hope Erik’s got something lined up.”
“At least you have a home to return to, I gotta find a new one all over again.”
“Hm, well there’s a small lake in the woods I live in, you might try that for awhile. Not too many people go into the woods, especially since I tend to discourage it.”
“I might just do that since I don’t have any better ideas right now, I guess you’re not a bad sort for a land dweller. Sounds like Moreau got the plane working, let’s get the hell out of here.”

You and Gil proceed to talk about a great many of things while on the plane and become quite friendly with each other. Probably a first for the both of you. After Moreau drops you both off, you continue to discuss the old days while Gil checks out the lake you were talking about. He mentions it’s a good place as long as nobody bothers him. Gil becomes your new neighbor and you both part ways since you both still want your solitude. You do get together to watch TV when a news story comes on a couple days after you left Moreau’s island...

The Martians arrived just like they said, and so did Godzilla. A massive fight broke out, but of course the only winner could ever be Godzilla. Their flying saucers were incinerated by his radioactive breath and their troops were crushed underfoot with ease.

The entire island was also incinerated and crushed underfoot with ease! Most of Moreau’s citizens were killed in the cross fire of this battle. Dr. Moreau was found dead from a self-inflicted beam blast to the head (A weapon he picked up from a dead Martian no doubt) Some of the survivors claim his last words were “Such destruction… Why? Why? Why didn’t they tell me?!”

This massive devastation continued even after Godzilla killed all the Martians, apparently from some of the other survivor reports, he was tearing the place apart searching the entire island for something or someone. When he didn’t find it, he gave a roar and went back to Japan.

After watching the news report, you turn to Gil.

“Alright Gil what the hell did you do to your cousin? I mean what possibly could you’ve done to piss him off so bad? It’s not like you’re Rodan or Mothra.”
“Eh, it’s not something I like to talk about Wolf. I’m not too proud of doing it, but…”
“But what Gil? Out with it!”
“Well…I kind of…impregnated his wife…I know what your next question is, and it’s a bit complicated so I won’t try to explain, but we aquatics mate a little differently than…”
“Alright Gil! I don’t need to hear anymore!” you say, and then sudden you have to ask…
“So wait a minute. You mean to say Minya was…”
“Yep, he was my son. Why else would he blow smoke rings instead of radioactive fire and be so small?”
“Well I thought it was because he was young.”
“You probably haven’t kept up with Minya, but he’s STILL that size and still can’t breathe radioactive fire. My cousin knew something was rotten around Minya’s 10th birthday, since he should’ve grown a lot bigger by then as well as the fire stuff. His wife confessed everything. It’s another reason why I’m so reclusive.”

You just stare in disbelief at all this. Even with all the dirty secrets you’ve known about in this business, this one is definitely a new one for you. You don’t think you’ll be able to look at Godzilla OR Gil in the same light ever again.

Godzilla might be King of the Monsters, but you have to give some sort of props to someone who fucked his wife and got away with it.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>If you actually had any friends you’d ask them if they could help, but since you don’t, you ask Gil if he knows anyone.

“Not really.” He says.
“Come on Gil, I mean you must know someone! There were a ton of aquatic sea monsters!”
“Oh yeah, we ALL know each other. Damn land dweller ignorance. I bet we all look alike to too you right?” Gil says annoyed.
“And I suppose you don’t think we all look alike?” you retort.
“Alright nevermind. I don’t know though, most of the beings I know, tolerate land dwellers even less than I do. And most of them can’t even leave the water to begin with.”
“I guess giant crabs and squids are out of the question then huh?”
“You guess right.”
“Damn.”
“Okay well, I DO have a cousin that might help, but we haven’t spoken in years.”
“Would he be of much help?”
“Oh he’d be more than enough help; he doesn’t much care for aliens in general. In fact he doesn’t like anyone and is very violent.”
“Sounds like a great guy.” You say.
“Hmm, yes I’m sure you and he have a few things in common. He’s another that pointless picks fights and believes in proving his dominance whenever possible.”
“Well get his ass over here!”
“I don’t know if he’ll come, we had a fight about something a long time ago hence the reason we haven’t spoken.”
“Gil, I know Moreau has at least one phone on this island. USE IT. NOW!”
“Alright, I’ll try, but like I said I don’t know if he’ll come to help.

You and Gil make your way back to Moreau’s freak town where the freaks still give you strange looks. You knock on Moreau’s door.

“Hey Moreau! Open up, Gil’s gotta use the phone.”

Moreau looks as haggard as ever when he opens his door.

“Damn Moreau, you look like shit, you really need to take better care of yourself. Eat some fucking meat. Anyway, Gil has a bad ass cousin apparently that can help, he just needs to call him.”
“Wolf, I don’t know if he’ll come, and now that I’m thinking about it, I don’t know if I WANT him to come. He might still be pissed at me.”
”Have some faith Gil.”

Gil picks up the phone and starts pressing a million numbers.

“Where the hell does your cousin live, Gil?”
“Japan. Oh I got a tone…here he is. Hello Godzilla?”

“Your cousin is FUCKING GODZILLA?!” you ask.
“Oh even I’ve heard of him, heard he was giant lizard that routinely defeated other monsters and aliens. Surely he’ll be able to help.” Moreau says hopefully.

You look at Moreau in disbelief, he apparently has been such a recluse he hasn’t even kept up on who the fuck Godzilla really is and the extent of his power. You know damn well if Godzilla comes here, the Martians will be destroyed, but so will everything else on the island!

“It’s me. No don’t hang up! Look I’m sorry about that! I didn’t mean for that to happen! Come on I really need your help. I’m in a predicament and…”

You snatch the phone from Gil

“Dammit, no matter what shit happened between you two, you should at least know how your cousin’s mind operates by now, Gil!” you say to Gil.

“Hello, Godzilla? Big fan. My name’s Wolf you might know me, but it doesn’t matter if you don’t. Look there’s a bunch of fucking Martians coming down to Earth thinking they’re tough shit and acting like they’re going to own the place. Yeah I know you’re King of the Monsters here on Earth, but you know how all aliens are, they’re arrogant bastards. Okay. Oh why thank you! That was my favorite role; I got to kill 17 humans in that one! Glad to see you have heard of me. Alright bye.”

You turn to Moreau and Gil.

“He’s coming.” You say.
> You sit back and watch the show
No way are you going to miss a front row seat to watch the master do his work! You just need a good place to be at that’s out of the way of the destruction.

“Okay so now that that’s settled, is there any place on the island that’s relatively uninhabited?” you ask
“As you can see the island is mostly still in its natural state, but I’m assuming you’re talking about areas that aren’t visited or traveled very often, well there’s a peninsula on the island that’s pretty much avoided since it just consists of a rocky plateau. Nothing grows there and it’s barren.”
”Good that’s where I’ll be then.” You say.
Moreau looks at you wondering why you’re acting strangely, then he wonders the same thing about Gil when he starts asking to leave.

“Uh…Moreau can you take me back to the mainland? I don’t care; just drop me off at the nearest swamp.” Gil asks.
“What?! I can’t leave right now, the Martians will be here soon and so will your cousin, I have to look out for my people! Why do you want to leave anyway? I thought you were going to live here.”
“I changed my mind! Look it won’t take that long, I just need to leave!”
“Well I’m not leaving now, you’ll have to wait until this blows over. Or if you really want to leave I’m sure you can swim.”
”It’s the fucking ocean you dick! I can’t be swimming in saltwater for extended periods of time! I can’t wait either! My cousin still sounded like he was pissed at me! He’ll destroy this whole island and me with it!”
“What?!” Moreau says startled.
“Uh, Gil’s exaggerating! Nothing to worry about!” you say attempting to shut Gil up.
“Wait a minute! What the hell have you two brought to my island!?”
“Dammit Moreau, if you don’t know who the fuck Godzilla is it’s your own damn fault! Look just keep your freaks out of the way and everything will be fine.” You say.

Now Moreau looks as green as Gil, who’s looking even greener if such a thing was possible. They’re looking very worried.
> You come up with another plan
“Hey look I got an idea…”
“SHUT UP! JUST SHUT UP WOLF!” Moreau screams.
“I can’t believe I let you talk me into calling my cousin!” Gil says and then attacks you!

You and Gil start wailing on each other pretty good, eventually your fighting brings you both in the middle of the town where Moreau’s freaks look on in wide eyed wonder. They’re even more surprised when Moreau comes out with a silver fork and stabs you in the back with it.

“Agh! What the fuck? Fuckin’ silverware? You’re gonna have to do better than that Freakmaker!” you say turning around, and slashing Moreau a couple times across the throat, killing him. Unfortunately you turned your back on Gil, who takes advantage of the fork in your back and drives it in deeper, puncturing vital organs.

You fall to the ground in extreme pain attempting to catch your breath, as Gil smashes your face into some rocks and reenacting a psycho killer tactic by repeatedly stabbing the shit out of you with the silver fork, until he’s sure you’re dead.

Gil’s revenge is short lived though. He’s killed in the big battle between the Martians and his cousin a few days later. In fact nothing on the island survives the battle except Godzilla.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No way are you going to miss a front row seat to watch the master do his work! You just need a good place to be at that’s out of the way of the destruction.

“Okay so now that that’s settled, is there any place on the island that’s relatively uninhabited?” you ask
“As you can see the island is mostly still in its natural state, but I’m assuming you’re talking about areas that aren’t visited or traveled very often, well there’s a peninsula on the island that’s pretty much avoided since it just consists of a rocky plateau. Nothing grows there and it’s barren.”
”Good that’s where I’ll be then.” You say.
Moreau looks at you wondering why you’re acting strangely, then he wonders the same thing about Gil when he starts asking to leave.

“Uh…Moreau can you take me back to the mainland? I don’t care; just drop me off at the nearest swamp.” Gil asks.
“What?! I can’t leave right now, the Martians will be here soon and so will your cousin, I have to look out for my people! Why do you want to leave anyway? I thought you were going to live here.”
“I changed my mind! Look it won’t take that long, I just need to leave!”
“Well I’m not leaving now, you’ll have to wait until this blows over. Or if you really want to leave I’m sure you can swim.”
”It’s the fucking ocean you dick! I can’t be swimming in saltwater for extended periods of time! I can’t wait either! My cousin still sounded like he was pissed at me! He’ll destroy this whole island and me with it!”
“What?!” Moreau says startled.
“Uh, Gil’s exaggerating! Nothing to worry about!” you say attempting to shut Gil up.
“Wait a minute! What the hell have you two brought to my island!?”
“Dammit Moreau, if you don’t know who the fuck Godzilla is it’s your own damn fault! Look just keep your freaks out of the way and everything will be fine.” You say.

Now Moreau looks as green as Gil, who’s looking even greener if such a thing was possible. They’re looking very worried.
> You head to the plateau
Gil and Moreau can shit themselves with fear, but you’re not going to sit around worrying about all this. You decide to get yourself a prime seat on that rocky plateau.

As you leave Moreau and Gil to their own devices, you walk through the town while the freaks all stare at you. That’s when you notice they have do have some livestock here after all. It looks like they just sheep for the wool purposes though. (Probably part of their economy) What a waste. You boldly go into the little grazing field and pick yourself up a couple of big fat sheep. A shepherd who looks like his origins lie with some sort of rodent, attempts to stop you from killing them.

“Hey, those are my sheep, I’m afraid you can’t just…”

You punch out the ratboy and continue to kill your dinner while all the other freaks whisper amongst themselves about your behavior.

“Fuck all of you pussy ass bitches, y’all oughta be glad I’m not eating any of YOU!” you say and continue to your destination.

You get to the plateau, and it really is a nice view. You can see the entire island from it. Not long after you get there you see Moreau’s plane leave.

“Hmm, so much for sticking around to defend his Utopia.” You say.

A day passes and you see the saucers come from the sky. A few of them land in the distance, while others are blasting the hell out of the towns scattered around the island. They’re too busy invading the populated areas though, so you’re safe. That’s when you also see Godzilla’s giant form looming in the distance.

“Aw shit! This is going to be good!” you say preparing to watch the master in action.

As soon as Godzilla steps foot on the island he starts wrecking the place. The Martians attempt to fight back, but it’s useless. They can’t even beat humans; they stand even less of a chance against Godzilla. Their technology is like the equivalent of someone throwing a rock at a fully armored tank; a tank that can breathe radioactive fire.

The Martians are completely destroyed along with most of the island. Godzilla seems to stick around smashing the place, like he’s looking for someone, that’s when he notices you. Even from your high location, you’re still staring up at him from his belly.

“RRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAGH! RAAAAAAAAAGH!”
“Oh Gil? Yeah, he was here.” You shout holding your ears.
“RRRRRRAAAAAAAGH! RRRRAAAAAGGGGGH!”
“Yeah, I think he left with Dr. Moreau though. You just missed him a couple days ago.”
”RRRRRAAAAGGGGHHH! RRRAAAAAGGGH!”
“Okay I’ll let him know that, assuming I ever see him again.”
“RRAAAAAAAAAGHHH! RRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAGGH!”
“Okay bye then. And it was great to see you in action first hand!”

Godzilla leaves and you’re now standing on a wrecked island. You’ll probably be stuck here for awhile, until the humans deploy ships to find out what the hell happened. This will all probably lead to another war between Earth and Mars again. Oh well.

In the meantime, the island isn’t complete wasteland, in fact parts of it are still intact and there are plenty of animals around and even some freak survivors are still alive. You’ll have plenty of food, lots of solitude as well. Hell, it’s like a vacation. You just realized you’ve never been on vacation ever in your life, but you’re taking the opportunity now. You even got to see a “big show”.

And why not, you’ve deserved it.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>If you actually had any friends you’d ask them if they could help, but since you don’t, you ask Gil if he knows anyone.

“Not really.” He says.
“Come on Gil, I mean you must know someone! There were a ton of aquatic sea monsters!”
“Oh yeah, we ALL know each other. Damn land dweller ignorance. I bet we all look alike to too you right?” Gil says annoyed.
“And I suppose you don’t think we all look alike?” you retort.
“Alright nevermind. I don’t know though, most of the beings I know, tolerate land dwellers even less than I do. And most of them can’t even leave the water to begin with.”
“I guess giant crabs and squids are out of the question then huh?”
“You guess right.”
“Damn.”
“Okay well, I DO have a cousin that might help, but we haven’t spoken in years.”
“Would he be of much help?”
“Oh he’d be more than enough help; he doesn’t much care for aliens in general. In fact he doesn’t like anyone and is very violent.”
“Sounds like a great guy.” You say.
“Hmm, yes I’m sure you and he have a few things in common. He’s another that pointless picks fights and believes in proving his dominance whenever possible.”
“Well get his ass over here!”
“I don’t know if he’ll come, we had a fight about something a long time ago hence the reason we haven’t spoken.”
“Gil, I know Moreau has at least one phone on this island. USE IT. NOW!”
“Alright, I’ll try, but like I said I don’t know if he’ll come to help.

You and Gil make your way back to Moreau’s freak town where the freaks still give you strange looks. You knock on Moreau’s door.

“Hey Moreau! Open up, Gil’s gotta use the phone.”

Moreau looks as haggard as ever when he opens his door.

“Damn Moreau, you look like shit, you really need to take better care of yourself. Eat some fucking meat. Anyway, Gil has a bad ass cousin apparently that can help, he just needs to call him.”
“Wolf, I don’t know if he’ll come, and now that I’m thinking about it, I don’t know if I WANT him to come. He might still be pissed at me.”
”Have some faith Gil.”

Gil picks up the phone and starts pressing a million numbers.

“Where the hell does your cousin live, Gil?”
“Japan. Oh I got a tone…here he is. Hello Godzilla?”

“Your cousin is FUCKING GODZILLA?!” you ask.
“Oh even I’ve heard of him, heard he was giant lizard that routinely defeated other monsters and aliens. Surely he’ll be able to help.” Moreau says hopefully.

You look at Moreau in disbelief, he apparently has been such a recluse he hasn’t even kept up on who the fuck Godzilla really is and the extent of his power. You know damn well if Godzilla comes here, the Martians will be destroyed, but so will everything else on the island!

“It’s me. No don’t hang up! Look I’m sorry about that! I didn’t mean for that to happen! Come on I really need your help. I’m in a predicament and…”

You snatch the phone from Gil

“Dammit, no matter what shit happened between you two, you should at least know how your cousin’s mind operates by now, Gil!” you say to Gil.

“Hello, Godzilla? Big fan. My name’s Wolf you might know me, but it doesn’t matter if you don’t. Look there’s a bunch of fucking Martians coming down to Earth thinking they’re tough shit and acting like they’re going to own the place. Yeah I know you’re King of the Monsters here on Earth, but you know how all aliens are, they’re arrogant bastards. Okay. Oh why thank you! That was my favorite role; I got to kill 17 humans in that one! Glad to see you have heard of me. Alright bye.”

You turn to Moreau and Gil.

“He’s coming.” You say.
> You memories (Godzilla)
King of the Monsters: Godzilla

Naturally you never got to hang out with him since he ran in his own circle and did most of his films in Japan, but you have nothing, but respect for Godzilla. He’s beaten the shit out of everything that’s been thrown at him. Humans, Aliens, Robots, other Giant Monsters, all of them decimated. If there was anyone else you had to be, you’d be Godzilla.

There are no words that you could say that would do him justice. He’s the pinnacle of badassitude.

He really is the King of the Monsters and will always be a legend.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You take one look at Moreau’s citizens and shake your head. There’s no way you can whip these freaks into shape by yourself. Look at them, all peace and love and shit. There’s a damn giraffe man kissing a damn bear woman. It’s not right! You’re too disgusted right now; you have to talk to someone normal!

You go to the nearby swamp, where you see Gil catching a small lizard and eating it.

“Well its good to see someone here, who’s not a pansy ass herbivore.” You say.

Gil looks up, perturbed at first, but surprised when he sees you.

“Wolf? What’re you doing here?”
“Same thing as you, Moreau offered to set me up for life, if I help him. Though I don’t see how that’s possible with the freaks I just met.”
“I know, tell me about it. I can’t even get them to argue with me! I was calling them a bunch of ignorant land dwellers who should’ve been killed at birth like the freaks they were and they tried to do was hug me.”
“Still don’t like surfacer dwellers eh Gil?”
“Hell no! I wouldn’t even be here, but I was getting really tired of moving every five minutes because humans feel the need to build a factory near my home. At least here, I know that’s not going to happen and the freaks will know to leave me be.”
“Assuming the freaks will still be here. The Martians will be taking over soon if we don’t do anything.” You remind Gil.
“I know, I know. They would be even worse neighbors than humans assuming they would still let me live here. (Sigh) Looks like I’ll be moving again soon.”
“Oh come on Gil, we gotta think up something. The Martians are a bunch of idiots. I can’t give up just yet.”
“Ah I should’ve suspected. You’re here to prove you still got one fight left in you. The old Alpha Wolf syndrome.”
“I’m not here just for that, but maybe that is part of it. So what the hell’s wrong with that?”
“Nothing I suppose. It’s your life. I just think it’s a pointless and silly endeavor that gets you killed for no good reason.”
“Oh fuck you Gil. We’re natural born killers, we’re designed to establish our dominance and be combative! You of all should understand that. You want to die an old fish in your sleep?”
“Sounds about right. Look Wolf, I know you’ve always subscribed to natural law, survival of fittest ideology and I do too. But you take it to the fucking extreme that it’s ridiculous. Really I mean don’t you feel that in your elder years that you’d just like peace and quiet? I never picked fights for the hell of it. It didn’t make much sense. I mean shit, I’ve been fighting humans all my damn life, and I’m tired of it. I want to rest. I always just wanted to be left alone but the damn land dwellers wouldn’t leave me alone.”
“Gil, I learned a long time ago, no matter how much you try, shitheads are going to bother you. You can be a recluse like you and Moreau or be an anti-social asshole like me. It doesn’t matter. Someone is going to fuck with you; someone is going to annoy you. All you can do is deal with it head on and make the best of it. What’re you going to do Gil? Move when the Martians arrive? Then move again when some humans build yet another factory by your new home and just keep going like that until you die? You got a chance here to pretty much live your dream of a relatively peaceful undisturbed life here. It’s not going to get any better Gil. All you gotta do is stand up to the Martians. Yeah, maybe you’ll get killed, but it’s better than constantly being on the run.”

Your words have made sense to Gil. He can’t really argue with your logic. This place probably is the best he’s going to ever have it on this planet. He just needs to help get rid of the Martian threat.

“Well Wolf, I guess either way this is going to be my last fight. Alright what should we do next? Because attempting to train the freaks seems like it’s doomed to failure.”
> You suggest you and Gil just try to do the best training them
“Well we have to work with what we got Gil, nothing else for it.”
“(Sigh) I don’t know, I tried already, and none of them have any kind of fighter instinct.”
“You probably were treating them like something you scraped off your scales.”
“Oh and I suppose you’d treat them better?”
“Not really, but they might respond better to me, I can be diplomatic.”
“Ha ha ha ha! YOU!? Diplomatic?! Alright I’ll help because I gotta see this!”

You and Gil go to back to Moreau’s freak town, where the freaks stare at you again. You call everyone to gather around.

“Alright you freaks come gather around! Now then, it has become quite apparent to me that all of you are a bunch of hippy weaklings who would’ve been killed a long time ago, if you actually lived in reality. Well soon the reality will come to rectify that mistake if you don’t stand up to the Martians that will be coming to annihilate this little so called paradise you all have.”
“Oh maybe if we’re real nice to them, they’ll let us live!” one says.
“Not familiar with Martians are you? They’re not the nicest beings in any sense of the word. They’ve attempted to conquer this planet several times and have killed millions of humans. What do you think they’ll do to you freaks?”
“I’m sure they can be reasonable, if we just ask them nicely to live with us in peace.”
“Argh! Didn’t you fucking freaks hear what I said?! I said they’ll fucking kill ALL of you! Now if you fight back you might have a chance! All you have to do is evacuate your town and whatever little settlements you have on this island and take to the wilderness. You could easily conduct a successful guerilla war on here. Martians aren’t very good tacticians and have bad immune systems. They’ll probably catch malaria and every other disease under the sun attempting to root you guys out and I of course will be the one leading you to victory!”

Your speech is met with more silence and disapproval.

“No! We shall not give in to hatred and violence! Those are the old ways!”
“Yes and some of us never followed those ways in the first place!”

“That went over real well, got any other ideas?” Gil asks you.
> You fly into a rage
This is too frustrating to you and once again you’re sickened with how nature has been perverted like this. You can’t take it any more. You start killing the nearest freaks to you. Naturally this all results in a lot of running and screaming on their part. The blood lust gets to you, so you don’t just stop there, you won’t be happy until you’ve killed them all.

Dr. Moreau comes out to see what’s going on, and immediately goes into shock at the sight of his citizens lying on the ground in bloody heaps. He then clutches his heart and falls over dead.

Gil sees that you’re busy, so he goes back to his swamp mumbling something about land dwellers.

By the time the Martians arrive you’ve pretty much done their job for them. They take this as a sign of genuine steps to improve Martian-Earthling relations. They thank you and allow you to live on the island for free. You accept since it beats going back to the run down cabin and having to pay rent.

As it turns out, Martians aren’t really such bad neighbors. A lot of them are pretty stupid, but then so are most humans. Life doesn’t change too much for you.

Just goes to show wherever you go, there you are.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Well we have to work with what we got Gil, nothing else for it.”
“(Sigh) I don’t know, I tried already, and none of them have any kind of fighter instinct.”
“You probably were treating them like something you scraped off your scales.”
“Oh and I suppose you’d treat them better?”
“Not really, but they might respond better to me, I can be diplomatic.”
“Ha ha ha ha! YOU!? Diplomatic?! Alright I’ll help because I gotta see this!”

You and Gil go to back to Moreau’s freak town, where the freaks stare at you again. You call everyone to gather around.

“Alright you freaks come gather around! Now then, it has become quite apparent to me that all of you are a bunch of hippy weaklings who would’ve been killed a long time ago, if you actually lived in reality. Well soon the reality will come to rectify that mistake if you don’t stand up to the Martians that will be coming to annihilate this little so called paradise you all have.”
“Oh maybe if we’re real nice to them, they’ll let us live!” one says.
“Not familiar with Martians are you? They’re not the nicest beings in any sense of the word. They’ve attempted to conquer this planet several times and have killed millions of humans. What do you think they’ll do to you freaks?”
“I’m sure they can be reasonable, if we just ask them nicely to live with us in peace.”
“Argh! Didn’t you fucking freaks hear what I said?! I said they’ll fucking kill ALL of you! Now if you fight back you might have a chance! All you have to do is evacuate your town and whatever little settlements you have on this island and take to the wilderness. You could easily conduct a successful guerilla war on here. Martians aren’t very good tacticians and have bad immune systems. They’ll probably catch malaria and every other disease under the sun attempting to root you guys out and I of course will be the one leading you to victory!”

Your speech is met with more silence and disapproval.

“No! We shall not give in to hatred and violence! Those are the old ways!”
“Yes and some of us never followed those ways in the first place!”

“That went over real well, got any other ideas?” Gil asks you.
> You continue to speak
You’re determined to make these freaks fight, mainly because you’re too stubborn to give up. You start going on about natural law, survival of the fittest an all those other might makes right philosophies you subscribe to. After about a day of this, some of the carnivorous and omnivore freaks begin to find something that still dwells within them. Even the herbivores start tapping into their human side to get that aggressive streak within them.

Now you’ve got something to work with! Unfortunately you don’t have much time. You and Gil only manage to give the bare minimum of training when the Martians arrive. You manage to get most of them to evacuate before they do their initial saucer bombardment. Dr. Moreau stays behind to die after seeing what you’re turning his “citizens” into; he doesn’t want to be any part of it. As far as he’s concerned his Utopia is over.

But your battle is just beginning! Just like you suggested you, Gil and the freaks take to the jungles which they all know like the back of their paws, hoofs, etc. You get some of the freaks that have burrowing skills to create a system of underground tunnels, where you do your training, planning and where you strike from.

The Martians meanwhile use their superior technology to combat you, but they aren’t very successful. They can’t just destroy the entire island since they’re attempting to hold it, this all results in a war of attrition that ultimately ends very badly for them as they die of diseases, ambushes and the like. It also doesn’t help when you get a hold of some of their weapons. Eventually they pull out. Gil parts ways with you at this point and goes back to live in his bit of swamp where he originally wanted to spend the remainder of his days. Nobody ever bothers him again. You however take control of the island. The freaks are a lot more to your liking now. No more of that pussy peace shit. No more “No spill blood law” either. The only law now is the law of the jungle. (Well since you’re in charge, you tend to make “rules” that benefit you though)

You live out the rest of your years in relative luxury mating with a Fox woman on a regular basis. Amazingly she gives birth to some weird crossbreed. You “imaginatively” call him Wox and teach him the same thing you taught everyone else. When Wox grows up he’s so grateful for your ruthless teachings that he decides that you’ve earned you rest and kills you for ruler ship of the island.

You don’t blame him though it’s the natural order of things.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Aw hell, if the past is any indication Martians ain’t shit. I don’t have anything better to do. Let’s get going.” You remark.

You and Moreau leave the next day to his island by private plane. When you arrive you can see why the place is considered a paradise, its basically untamed wilderness with some agricultural improvements and basic structures to house the citizens.

Speaking of citizens, you see them in person. They’re a motley looking bunch. You see boar boys, goat girls, manatee men, and wombat women and those are some of the regular ones. Some look like they’ve been mixed with several species of animals, so you can’t even be sure what the hell they are.

Moreau’s citizens are equally interested in you.

“Are you another citizen?” one of them asks as they all attempt to crowd you.
“What? Hell no! I’m a fucking werewolf! Not a freak of nature!” you snarl, not wanting them to touch you. Moreau take the opportunity to make sure you don’t kill anyone.
“This is Wolf. He’s different than you…in several ways. But he’s here to help us with our current problem, just like our aquatic friend who volunteered to help a few days ago.”

You stop Moreau.

“Aquatic friend? You got someone else to help you?” you ask.
“Well yes, I wasn’t sure if you’d help, so I tried to get others as well. You and he were the only takers it seems though. I’m pretty sure you and he are familiar with each other. I can’t pronounce his real name, but he goes by Gil.”

“Gil?! You got GIL?! He was almost as reclusive as you! How’d you get him to help?”
“I don’t know. It was really just a gamble. I made the same deal, but I had little hope of him accepting it since he’s not exactly fond of land dwellers. He accepted though since he’s tired of having humans intrude on his home every five minute. He already has a place set aside for himself on the island. I just hope the island is still ours after all this.”
“Where is he?”
“He keeps to himself in a nearby swamp. He likes his privacy and I respect it. You and he can talk later. I’d like you to get to the training. The Martians will be coming soon, I’m predicting in a matter of days.”
“DAYS!? You didn’t say that before! How am I supposed to train these freaks in days?”
“Please Wolf you must try! Gil tried and didn’t get very far; he may have even given up. I was hoping you might have more luck since you’re a bit closer to my citizens.”
“I’m nothing like your citizens…but I’ll see what I can do.”
> You memories (Gil)
The Creature: Gil AKA Gilqtzejeopleziqjadg’helixizrtylewv’rocrzs…

Gil’s real name is a mile long and unpronounceable like most members of underwater species. He doesn’t really care for the name “Gil”, but he resigns himself to the fact that you land dwellers can’t pronounce his real one.

He was pretty private, normally he’d just come to work, do his job and go back to his swamp, or lagoon, or whatever body of water he was living in at the time. (Never anyplace with salt water though, as it reeked havoc on his skin) As far as the “big name monsters” go, he was probably the one who socialized the least, mainly because he didn’t like land dwellers. He didn’t like land dwellers for several reasons, but even if they hadn’t been draining his swamps, pissing into his pools, polluting his lagoons, and over fishing his lakes, he didn’t like them before they did all that. While he didn’t like land dwellers, you didn’t take offense to it like everyone else did. You actually understood it. You don’t have anything in common with the Undead and you don’t like them. Gil was an aquatic being, there’s no real reason for him to like ANY land dwellers, since he didn’t have much in common with them. (Given that you can’t stand most of them half of the time, you couldn’t really blame Gil for his prejudices)

You and he never interacted much, but you did respect each other for each ones natural predator instinct.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You and Moreau have never had any dealings with each other before, so you’re kind of curious to as why he wanted to see you. You approach Moreau and he’s tripping over himself to thank you for seeing him. You’re a little suspicious of this treatment, especially since you’ve never been welcomed by anyone before.

“Wolf, its Wolf right? Or do you prefer Mr. Wolf?”
“Wolf is fine…will you tell me why the hell you want to see me so badly for? We’ve never had anything to do with each other before.”
“Yes. Quite correct. My Vision didn’t lead me to interact socially that much. Maybe I shouldn’t have concentrated so much on my Vision though. Maybe I should’ve been more flexible. If I had, I might not have the problems I have now.”
“Okay, so will you quit with the fucking mystery already and tell me what’s going on?”
“As you know I transformed my island into a utopia where no being harms another.”
“Pfft, some Utopia. I call it fucking with nature.”
“And you know what? I agree with you. At one time, I would’ve dismissed you as a vicious animal that only pleased his primal instincts.”
“You say it as if it’s a bad thing.” You utter.
“I once thought so…but now I’m starting to see reality for the first time. My Utopia wasn’t followed by the world…it was hated. It was despised. Most are jealous of what I’ve done and want to destroy it.”
“Duh, that’s humanity for you. So are you getting to the point anytime soon?”
“My Utopia is about to be destroyed, but NOT directly. No human nation wants to look like the bad guys so you know what they’ve done instead? They’re letting Martians do it for them!”
“What? Martians aren’t even allowed on this planet after all the unsuccessful attacks they’ve attempted on it.” You exclaim.
“See that’s just it. In exchange of a new Martian-Earthling Peace accord they’re letting the Martians put a colony here provided they don’t kill any humans. The Martians agreed and MY Island was scheduled for designation for the colony! If we stay they’ll be allowed to kill everyone since nobody on there is human except me.”
“Well that certainly does suck, but why not just move?”
“WHAT!? That’s our home! Would YOU move from your own home?”
“Eh…I suppose I can see your point. So what am I supposed to do though?”

Moreau takes another drink and looks at you with dead seriousness.

“I need you to get them all to FIGHT! I need you to get them all in touch with their animal instincts again! I know you’re more than just a werewolf. You’re the self-proclaimed Alpha. I need that viciousness, I need that aggressiveness, I need it ingrained into my people. I can’t do it. I’m not qualified, and I’d only make things worse. I can pay you all the money you want; our economy has always been good. If you like you could even live on the island and spend your remaining years there with nothing to worry about. You could mate with whoever you wanted, we could import whatever meat you wanted, or if you preferred…we could even make special arrangements just for you, to hunt living creatures. Anything…just please help us.”

This is pretty heavy shit. Moreau must be very desperate to come begging to a practical stranger. There’s no way he’s lying about this, you have heard some stuff lately about Martian-Human relations, though you don’t really pay attention to the news a lot. You can’t say Moreau’s offer isn’t appealing on some level, but as much of a badass you are, you’re not in your prime anymore. Taking on a shit load of Martians and training a bunch of genetic freaks of nature could be just a little out of your scope.
> You go back home
You’re not about to go traipsing across the world to save a bunch of hippy freaks from some dumb ass Martians.

“I don’t think so Moreau, see ya around.” You say and get up to leave the bar, before anyone else asks you for any favors. You don’t get two feet outside of the place and suddenly you’re assaulted by a terrible smell. The stench is not unlike that of hot garbage during a heat wave. You turn around holding your nose and see Andre with his big ol’ stupid grotesque fly head.

“Hey Wolf... Can you spare me some money?” he asks
“Fuck Andre! Stand the hell away from me! What the hell? Did you roll around in a septic tank?”
“Uh no, I just ate some fresh turds back in the alleyway…”
“I don’t even know why I asked you that, I already knew the answer. Ugh.” you say continuing to hold your nose.
“They tasted pretty good to me. Hey, but I could use some of that sweet sugar. You got any spare change so I can get me a box of the stuff?”
“Fuck no! I barely have enough money for me! Phew! Just get the fuck away!”
“Aw come on, help a brother out.”
“Broth… what the…look nevermind, I ain’t got time for this shit Andre, if you want sugar so bad just go into a fast food place and stock up on those little free packets!”
“I can’t! A lot of those places use that artificial sugar now! Don’t those idiotic humans know that stuff can cause cancer?! Besides whenever they see me coming they start spraying raid on me and hitting me in the head with swatters. I’ve even attempted to sneak in quietly, but they always seem to sense I’m coming, I can never understand how they do that.”
“Gee, I can’t imagine how they’d be able to do it, Andre.” You say still holding your nose futility trying to block out Andre’s odor.
“I just wish I could get with Janice, she’s got ALL the sugar! (Buzz) But she won’t have anything to do with me; She thinks I’m just low class trash.”
“Well if you’re eating shit, I’d say she’s pretty much right.”
“It’s not just her sugar I’m after though, I think she’s beautiful! She has such heavenly wings, and a nice abdomen! Yep she really kept herself in good condition after all these years. (Buzz)”
“Yeah that’s real nice Andre, tell someone who cares.”

You start to leave and then Andre has the nerve to grab you by the arm.

“Wolf, please you gotta help me out! I can’t live like this anymore, I thought I could being part fly and all, but it’s getting too bad! I’m nearly killed everywhere I go and I’m getting too old to defend myself adequately! Humans hate the sight of me and I disgust them! I need to a home! Janice has a home! You gotta help me convince her that we should be together! Look, you know she’s rich too! You said you were in need of money too right? Maybe if we’re successful, something can be worked out.”
> You kick Andre's ass
You have absolutely no patience for this and you begin beating the hell out of Andre, starting by slashing him across his many eyes. Andre surprises you though by fighting back. Due to his diet he’s not exactly the best fighter, but he’s a lot stronger that you thought. You land a few bites on him which immediately cause you to puke since he tastes like a bleeding leper with gangrene. Andre counters with some puke of his own, unfortunately for you, his is acidic. Your arm is horribly burned to the bone.

After howling in pain you summon up a reservoir of strength and put your fist through Andre’s chest and proceed to dig around deeply, pulling out all the nasty black stuff inside. Andre twitches and spasms for a good ten minutes before he dies. You stagger back home to nurse your wounds.

Against any other opponent you probably would’ve just felt the pain for a couple of days, and regenerated back to your old self, but Andre WAS a fly and as such he was carrying multiple diseases both known and unknown. And during your fight he was spitting and bleeding all over you not to mention you bit him a few times. As a result you’ve been infected by some pretty nasty ones.

Over the course of a few days you begin to get very sick and lethargic, if you were younger, your immune system might’ve been stronger to fight it off, but you don’t have that advantage anymore. You feel deathly ill and your fur is falling out, you refuse to die like this.

You drag yourself back into town and weakly attack the nearest human you can find. After the cops are called you attempt to attack them as well, but they shoot you full of silver before you can even get near them.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You’re not about to go traipsing across the world to save a bunch of hippy freaks from some dumb ass Martians.

“I don’t think so Moreau, see ya around.” You say and get up to leave the bar, before anyone else asks you for any favors. You don’t get two feet outside of the place and suddenly you’re assaulted by a terrible smell. The stench is not unlike that of hot garbage during a heat wave. You turn around holding your nose and see Andre with his big ol’ stupid grotesque fly head.

“Hey Wolf... Can you spare me some money?” he asks
“Fuck Andre! Stand the hell away from me! What the hell? Did you roll around in a septic tank?”
“Uh no, I just ate some fresh turds back in the alleyway…”
“I don’t even know why I asked you that, I already knew the answer. Ugh.” you say continuing to hold your nose.
“They tasted pretty good to me. Hey, but I could use some of that sweet sugar. You got any spare change so I can get me a box of the stuff?”
“Fuck no! I barely have enough money for me! Phew! Just get the fuck away!”
“Aw come on, help a brother out.”
“Broth… what the…look nevermind, I ain’t got time for this shit Andre, if you want sugar so bad just go into a fast food place and stock up on those little free packets!”
“I can’t! A lot of those places use that artificial sugar now! Don’t those idiotic humans know that stuff can cause cancer?! Besides whenever they see me coming they start spraying raid on me and hitting me in the head with swatters. I’ve even attempted to sneak in quietly, but they always seem to sense I’m coming, I can never understand how they do that.”
“Gee, I can’t imagine how they’d be able to do it, Andre.” You say still holding your nose futility trying to block out Andre’s odor.
“I just wish I could get with Janice, she’s got ALL the sugar! (Buzz) But she won’t have anything to do with me; She thinks I’m just low class trash.”
“Well if you’re eating shit, I’d say she’s pretty much right.”
“It’s not just her sugar I’m after though, I think she’s beautiful! She has such heavenly wings, and a nice abdomen! Yep she really kept herself in good condition after all these years. (Buzz)”
“Yeah that’s real nice Andre, tell someone who cares.”

You start to leave and then Andre has the nerve to grab you by the arm.

“Wolf, please you gotta help me out! I can’t live like this anymore, I thought I could being part fly and all, but it’s getting too bad! I’m nearly killed everywhere I go and I’m getting too old to defend myself adequately! Humans hate the sight of me and I disgust them! I need to a home! Janice has a home! You gotta help me convince her that we should be together! Look, you know she’s rich too! You said you were in need of money too right? Maybe if we’re successful, something can be worked out.”
> You help Andre
Maybe you’re getting a little soft in your old age, but you can somewhat sympathize with Andre, he’s in an even worse situation than you. He’s been stricken by bad luck more than you have. Helping him could be financially beneficial, plus if Andre had a home, he wouldn’t be constantly bothering you for money every time you walked into town.

“Alright Andre I’ll help, just stand back and get your fucking disease ridden hands off of me! And don’t touch me again!”
“Okay, I can do that. Thanks Wolf! I swear I won’t forget this!”
“Yeah, yeah, now what do you want me to do?”
“I need you to deliver this letter to her; it’s a poem about how I feel about her and how I’ve always felt about her. I know if she just read this she’d give me a chance!”

You take the crumpled letter which reeks of Andre’s overall foulness, but you still have more questions.

“Andre I know you’ve always wanted to do some buggery on Janice, but I hardly see how this is going to change how she feels and why the hell can’t you do this?”
“Because every time I even try to get NEAR her mansion she has her guards chase me off! Its like when I try to sneak in anywhere people can somehow sense I’m coming!”
“Andre, did it ever occur to you to that your fucking ODOR is the reason?”
“Odor? What odor?” Andre asks like it’s the first time anyone’s ever suggested that to him that before. “Look I know in my heart that if she read my words, she’d fall for me, just like I know you’ll be able to get in and give her that letter!”
“This is starting to sound like a lot of effort for possibly no reward…”
“Arrrgh! Look when you get in there, you could always just rip something valuable off! Just please, you gotta give her that letter!”

You look at the love letter (which has remarkable penmanship) and shake your head. Looks like you’re on a bug hunt.

“Alright Andre you’re lucky her mansion isn’t far and I’m not busy right now. I just turned down an offer to live on an island paradise for the rest of my life in exchange for getting rid some Martians.”
“What, you mean Moreau’s offer? He offered me a similar deal, but then quickly retracted it for some reason. But Wolf I know you wouldn’t have wanted to help some hippy freaks you don’t even know! But this is different! In this case you’re helping out an old friend gain true love!”
“Okay listen up, I’m not, nor will I ever be your friend. I’m doing this for my own reasons. When I return, meet me back here at this bar.”

You turn and eagerly leave Andre to go back to your cabin. You don’t normally like to wash, but in this case you definitely feel the need to! After thoroughly scrubbing down, you take your Harley and drive over to Janice’s mansion which is just a couple of counties away. It doesn’t take you long to get there.

You haven’t really seen this place except once a long time ago and it looked like a regular mansion, now the place looks like a concentration compound; there is a big metal gate and barbed wire lined walls surrounding the mansion. The mansion itself looks like some half weird insect hive, half man made structure. As soon as you park near the gate you’re approached by some figures marching in unison like soldiers. They’re like big ants or at least they look like THEM. Something weird is going on.

“You! Inferior hairy mammal! What business do you have here at the Hive?!” one of the ant guards asks clicking his mandibles angrily.
“I’m supposed to deliver a letter to Janice.”
“Watch you tongue, dog! You mean the Supreme Hive Queen! And she does not see inferiors such as you! Be gone, you impotent mangy mutt!”

Well you’re used to people not liking you, but hearing it from a giant bug is still pretty insulting.
> You argue with the guards
Outnumbered or not, you’re not about to let some overgrown insect mouth off to you like that!

“Impotent?! Fuck off, you fucking transantsexual! Everyone knows that all of you drones are fucking females that don’t get to mate! That explains why you’re all hostile all the time. I’d be hostile too if I wasn’t getting any, unless you’re all dyking it out and using those mandible on each others abdomens! Now let me in, I’m suppose to give this letter to Janice!”
“Insolent dog! First of all drones are fucking MALE dipshit! Use the correct terminology at least! And second, you’re not getting in here! You’re a lowly mammal! You will leave now or become melted down for food!”
“I’m not leaving until I give this letter to Janice!”

You half expect THEM to open up the gates and attack you, but surprisingly one of THEM steps forward and addressed you in a more civilized manner.

“Look, what’s so important in the goddamn letter that it has to be taken to her Majesty?”
“Its some love nonsense from Andre…”

As soon as you mention Andre, all of THEM begin clicking their mandibles.

“Andre? That fly fucker who’s been stalking the Queen for years?”
“Yeah, apparently he’s been trying give this letter to her; he says you guys chase him off, so he’s got me to do it. He says she’ll instantly fall in love with him after she reads it, I think he’s wasting his time, but there’s no point in telling him that.”
“So do you think he’ll stop stalking her, if this letter was finally delivered, regardless of the outcome?”
“I dunno, maybe.” You say.
“Alright, give me the letter I’ll take it to her, we’re sick of that smell every time he comes around here anyway.”
> You give the guard the letter
You hand the guard the letter through the gate, who goes scuttling off to the mansion. The previous ant guard you were arguing with keeps watch on you, while the others go about their normal marching drills.

Soon the other guard returns.

“The Queen says while she’s flattered by such words, she has no interest in Andre and never has. She also says she hopes that this will finally put an end to his obsessive stalking. Goodbye mammal, you have no further business here.”

Well that was certainly abrupt. You get back on your bike and return home. You can’t help but think the guard probably just ripped up the letter, but there’s not much you can do about it now. You tell Andre what happened, and he seems crushed, but you don’t really give a damn, since you basically wasted your time and didn’t get anything out of this. You tell Andre to never bother you again or you’ll shove a bug zapper up his ass.

You return home pissed off and give Erik another call. You end up having to take a job as a special guest at a comic convention where you have to endure the inane rambling of hundreds of nerdy humans, which results in you being arrested after you maul a couple of them due to your short tolerance level.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Outnumbered or not, you’re not about to let some overgrown insect mouth off to you like that!

“Impotent?! Fuck off, you fucking transantsexual! Everyone knows that all of you drones are fucking females that don’t get to mate! That explains why you’re all hostile all the time. I’d be hostile too if I wasn’t getting any, unless you’re all dyking it out and using those mandible on each others abdomens! Now let me in, I’m suppose to give this letter to Janice!”
“Insolent dog! First of all drones are fucking MALE dipshit! Use the correct terminology at least! And second, you’re not getting in here! You’re a lowly mammal! You will leave now or become melted down for food!”
“I’m not leaving until I give this letter to Janice!”

You half expect THEM to open up the gates and attack you, but surprisingly one of THEM steps forward and addressed you in a more civilized manner.

“Look, what’s so important in the goddamn letter that it has to be taken to her Majesty?”
“Its some love nonsense from Andre…”

As soon as you mention Andre, all of THEM begin clicking their mandibles.

“Andre? That fly fucker who’s been stalking the Queen for years?”
“Yeah, apparently he’s been trying give this letter to her; he says you guys chase him off, so he’s got me to do it. He says she’ll instantly fall in love with him after she reads it, I think he’s wasting his time, but there’s no point in telling him that.”
“So do you think he’ll stop stalking her, if this letter was finally delivered, regardless of the outcome?”
“I dunno, maybe.” You say.
“Alright, give me the letter I’ll take it to her, we’re sick of that smell every time he comes around here anyway.”
> You insist that you take it to her in person
“I don’t think so; I want to make sure this gets to her, so you can just let me in.”
“Well then you can shove that letter up your ass and pull it back out and give it to Andre to eat, because you ain’t getting in here mutt. We’ll not let your inferior kind pollute the Hive. Leave, you’re not wanted here.”

It’s obvious that they don’t know anything about you, because they’d know that anyone telling you that you’re not wanted somewhere is the surest way of causing you to get in on purpose out of sheer spite.

“Well I guess I’ll just…” you stop talking and grab the guard’s big ant head through the bars of the gate and smash it towards you causing green stuff to leak out. You then retreat back to you bike when the rest open up the gate to punish you. The fools now have the gate open! While they attempt to catch you, you maneuver your bike around THEM to avoid their attacks and drive towards the mansion.

A general alarm is raised and soon there are ants all over the estate attempting to catch you. You’d never be able to fight them all. As you get closer to the mansion you notice its several entrances. You can either drive your bike into one of these hive tunnels or just drive your bike through one of the low mansion windows.
> You drive through a window
You’re not about to get yourself lost in some insect tunnels, besides knowing that stuck up wasp bitch, she’d still live in her mansion area. You drive up on a raised part of the ground and jump your bike through one of the first floor windows. The glass breaks and several house ants get out of your way except one who you land on and crush. You fly off your bike “Shit!” you exclaim as you slam into the wall.

You quickly recover and find yourself surrounded by more ant people. These ants aren’t as big as the ones outside, but that hardly matters. They seem a little more shocked than anything though.

“Eeek! There’s a filthy mammal in the Hive! Protect the queen! Protect the queen! Where are the soldiers?!” one yells and then they all let off an ear piecing sound

Speaking of the soldiers, they’re heading towards the broken window you just crashed through, you need to get to Janice NOW. You punch your way through the house ants. In the ensuing scuffle you rip off a couple of antennas, this seems to have a desired incapacitating effect on THEM and they begin twitching on the floor.

“Oh yeah, I forgot that they need those things.” You say as you run up an ornate staircase with a fistful of antennas in your hand.

You go through fancy room through fancy room (Mostly filled with expensive items, lots of sugar and some strange looking symbols) looking for Janice, until you finally reach a large bedroom with several mirrors. A bipedal insect creature stares into one of the mirrors brushing her hair. She turns around and a low angry buzz is sounded when she sees you. She flaps her wings and flies towards you.

“AN INFERIOR MAMMAL IN MY HIVE? YOUR KIND WILL SOON BE ERADICATED FROM THE EARTH! INSECTS SHALL RULE ONCE AGAIN! THE TRUE MASTER RACE!” she shouts.

You’re not exactly surprised that she doesn’t want to see you.
> You attack her
You don’t exactly know what’s going on here with the insectfest, but given Janice’s outburst it’s apparent she’s been planning something and whatever it is; you don’t feel like putting up with it later. Better to kill her now, than wake up one day and finding your cabin in the middle of another giant insect and human war. Besides you can kill her, rob the place, and make your escape, so this trip won’t be a total loss.

Plus there’s the fact you need to prove to this bitch that you don’t care how big they are, all of them are still a bunch of lowly fucking bugs.

Janice attempts to sting you, but you dodge and grab one of her mirrors. Your next move is throwing it in an attempt to decapitate her, she flies out of the way, but happily it hits a soldier ant in the head who was attempting to come in the doorway.

“Filthy mammal! How dare you come here to try to kill me, don’t you know that you’re…”

While she’s giving another speech, you grab her leg and slam her to the floor. Then you proceed to stomp on her back, crushing her wings. While she attempts to crawl away, you grab her stinger and pull it out; this is followed by a dying shriek as you’ve ripped the poison sack out which was attached to the rest of her insides. Your claws are covered with bug guts.

A few more Ant soldiers come inside, but you use the stinger as a weapon and stab THEM in the chest with it squeezing the sac filling their bodies with deadly poison. They die convulsing horribly on the floor.

Before more can arrive you look through some of her drawers and find some money lying around, you take that and the diamond rings on her fingers. Before escaping out the window, you throw Andre’s letter at her corpse.

“I believe I was supposed to deliver this to you.”

Your escape is fortunately uneventful, but you lost your bike, so you have to walk home which sucks. Eventually you get back to your town where you stop at the bar to have a drink. You’re about to enjoy your drink, when that revolting odor hits you again.

“Wolf! You’re back, so what happened? Did she like my letter?”
“Eh, let’s just say she didn’t have any reaction to it…Andre I don’t think she’ll ever be interested.”
Andre looks a bit saddened by the news.
“Oh. I guess you were right.”
“Here, here’s a c-note, knock yourself out on sugar.” You say giving him a hundred dollars.
“Well thanks Wolf, see ya around.” Andre says cheering up almost immediately and running out of the bar.

The bartender speaks up about your uncharacteristic charity.

“Wow, Wolf that was out of character for you.”
“Yeah well keep the drinks coming, I’ll get back into character soon enough.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You’re not about to get yourself lost in some insect tunnels, besides knowing that stuck up wasp bitch, she’d still live in her mansion area. You drive up on a raised part of the ground and jump your bike through one of the first floor windows. The glass breaks and several house ants get out of your way except one who you land on and crush. You fly off your bike “Shit!” you exclaim as you slam into the wall.

You quickly recover and find yourself surrounded by more ant people. These ants aren’t as big as the ones outside, but that hardly matters. They seem a little more shocked than anything though.

“Eeek! There’s a filthy mammal in the Hive! Protect the queen! Protect the queen! Where are the soldiers?!” one yells and then they all let off an ear piecing sound

Speaking of the soldiers, they’re heading towards the broken window you just crashed through, you need to get to Janice NOW. You punch your way through the house ants. In the ensuing scuffle you rip off a couple of antennas, this seems to have a desired incapacitating effect on THEM and they begin twitching on the floor.

“Oh yeah, I forgot that they need those things.” You say as you run up an ornate staircase with a fistful of antennas in your hand.

You go through fancy room through fancy room (Mostly filled with expensive items, lots of sugar and some strange looking symbols) looking for Janice, until you finally reach a large bedroom with several mirrors. A bipedal insect creature stares into one of the mirrors brushing her hair. She turns around and a low angry buzz is sounded when she sees you. She flaps her wings and flies towards you.

“AN INFERIOR MAMMAL IN MY HIVE? YOUR KIND WILL SOON BE ERADICATED FROM THE EARTH! INSECTS SHALL RULE ONCE AGAIN! THE TRUE MASTER RACE!” she shouts.

You’re not exactly surprised that she doesn’t want to see you.
> You give her the note
“Here, I’m supposed to deliver this letter to you.” You say and hold it out to her.
“What?! You break into MY Hive, kill my guards and face your imminent destruction all to give me a letter?!”
“First of all, I’m not facing any kind of destruction, and Andre said it was important.”
“Andre?! You were sent here by Andre?! That lowly fly? What the hell is he paying you with?”
“Nothing actually, I was planning on getting something out of you, though in retrospect, it probably was a stupid idea given your personality…I can tell by your rhetoric of insects being the master race, it hasn’t changed. Just a WASP in another form eh Janice?”

Several Ant guards enter the room, but Janice tells them to halt.

“Hold on, I’m slightly amused by Wolf here. Yes, I remember you. Getting drunk, picking fights with everyone, sleeping with every woman that could stomach you; typical behavior of the lower class. Just proves that I’m right, we insectoids aren’t controlled by our impulses; we’re orderly and superior. Anyway, be that as that may, I might as well read the note…ugh, I’ll have to remember to wash my hands after touching this.”

Janice takes the letter and reads it. She then begins to laugh.

“Does this fool actually believe he EVER had a chance with me?! Oh that IS amusing, in fact I’m in a good mood, guards you can escort Mr. Wolf out alive. This lap dog can run to tell his master Andre that I’ll never ever be interested in such a common creature as him.”

There’s no way you’re going to just leave without retorting to her insult.
> You antagonize her guards
Just as the Ant guards are about to take you away, you speak up.

“Yeah, that’s right take me back to my master. We all got masters right? Just like you Ants have yours. Tell me how’s it feel serving some demanding bitch.”
“She is our queen, mammal, she has every right to demand from us.” The guard says unemotionally.
“See? Order! Everyone knows their place! Purity!” Janice adds.
“Some purity! You’re not even an Ant! Hey, you Ants even think of that?! She’s not even one of your kind, and you serve her?”
“She understands our plight. She is an insect, like us. Our own Queen was destroyed a long time ago, we were directionless when she died, we were assimilated and exploited by you mammals soon after. The Wasp Queen has made arrangements so that shall never be ever again!”
“Hey that was the humans, not me.”
“Doesn’t matter! All you mammals are alike!” the guard snaps.
“Guard stop arguing with this fool! He’ll never understand! Wolf I suggest you stop barking, or I shall change my mind of letting you go!” Janice says, she sounds a bit nervous about your line of questioning though.

“Yeah, I guess you’re right, all mammals are alike, I mean look at Janice, she’s acting just like the rest of us. Ordering you around, living on your hard work.”
“Shut up Wolf! Guard, I changed my mind! Kill this furball!”
“When I said Janice wasn’t your kind, I didn’t mean the fact that she was a Wasp, I meant the fact that she NOT an insect! I mean look at her, she wasn’t born that way! YOU were born an ANT! She became a half Wasp freak due to a failed human experiment!”
“Well we know that, but still…”
“Still nothing! She’s just using you for whatever twisted purpose she has and to make life easy for herself, just like she did when she was human! Think about it, who does all the work around here? It looks like you Ants! She only has you around because no human wants to work for her! AND even if she WAS all for making things better for insect people why is she so against Andre? Shouldn’t HE be allowed in too? I mean sure he’s a half freak, but so is Janice! Sounds like a double standard to me!”
“The mammal has a point…you really aren’t one of us, in any sense of the word. A Queen is supposed to breed to keep the colony alive, in all these years, you haven’t even made that attempt, you’ve just been telling us what to do with promises of a so called glorious future for our kind.”
“Um, I haven’t found the right guy…erm…Well what the hell do you want me to do mate with a pathetic mammal? All you Ants are female, and it’s not like there’s exactly any Male insects around!” Janice says trying in vain to find excuses.
“There’s Andre.” You remind everyone.
“Yes, there’s Andre. Granted he might be part human, but then as Wolf pointed out, so are you. We would look past that though since the children of such a pairing could be indoctrinated to…”

“Silence! I will not fuck Andre! Andre is unfit!! He’s a disgusting insect, who belongs in the trash! Now you Ants know your fucking place and kill this asshole! Your place is to serve your superiors!” Janice says in anger.

That statement didn’t go over to well. The Ant guards begin to look at Janice and click their mandibles. They then advance on her.

“What’re you doing?! Stop! I command you! OBEY!”

Janice’s orders go unheard, she attempts to escape out the window, but one of the guards grabs her legs before she can take flight. She stings one of them, but is ultimately ripped apart. There’s bug guts and blood all over the place. The Ant guard you were speaking to earlier addresses you.

“You can take whatever you like from this mansion; it was never our style, just more of Janice’s human vanity at work. We prefer the tunnels we’ve built Thank you for opening our eyes to reality. (Sigh) We wish it hadn’t been true though, now we don’t have any purpose once more, as strange as it may seem we prefer to serve in a hierarchy, it’s just our nature.”
“Hmm, can’t argue with nature. I know I for one, would love to be stalking humans on the foggy moors, but adaptation can be a bitch. I do have an idea though….”

You gather as much money and valuables you can from the Mansion and head back to the bar where Andre’s been waiting, he buzzes excitedly.

“Wolf! You’re back! So is Janice is interested?!”
“She’s dead, but that’s not important…”
“She’s dead?! What!? What happened?! But she was my love and...”

You smack Andre upside the head and then shove your paw in a nearby patron’s beer to wash it. “Hey!” the patron says and then sees you scowl causing him to retract his statement.

“Andre shut the fuck up and listen, I got you a better deal! You’ll be set for life, with all the sugar and whatever else you want. You know all those Ant guards, Janice had? Well they’re all willing to serve YOU, under a couple of conditions. You’re in charge, but you can’t think yourself inherently superior, you have to understand that you need them. You can’t suddenly start thinking you’re better than THEM just because you’re technically the king.”
“Really? Well, yeah sure I can do that. Being a fly has made me pretty humble. I’ll be grateful more than anything.”
“Okay second, TAKE A FUCKING BATH! Stop smelling like a garbage dump!”
“Take a bath? Gee I dunno, that’s a pretty big step Wolf.”
“You goddamn well better, if you want to score with all the Ant bitches there.”
“WHAT?! Are you serious?!”
“Fucking dead serious. None of them have ever mated, given that in the past only the Queen is supposed to, but now most of them want to feel what its like before they die. Hell, some of them hold out hope that they’ll produce offspring, to make their race thrive again. So, what’s it gonna be? A shit eating bum, or a smooth pimp Superfly that gets to be serviced by a bunch of virgins?”

Andre doesn’t even answer; he just thanks you quickly and runs out the door. You doubt if you’ll ever see him again.

“Lucky bastard.” You say as you sit down and order a drink with your newly gained loot.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Here, I’m supposed to deliver this letter to you.” You say and hold it out to her.
“What?! You break into MY Hive, kill my guards and face your imminent destruction all to give me a letter?!”
“First of all, I’m not facing any kind of destruction, and Andre said it was important.”
“Andre?! You were sent here by Andre?! That lowly fly? What the hell is he paying you with?”
“Nothing actually, I was planning on getting something out of you, though in retrospect, it probably was a stupid idea given your personality…I can tell by your rhetoric of insects being the master race, it hasn’t changed. Just a WASP in another form eh Janice?”

Several Ant guards enter the room, but Janice tells them to halt.

“Hold on, I’m slightly amused by Wolf here. Yes, I remember you. Getting drunk, picking fights with everyone, sleeping with every woman that could stomach you; typical behavior of the lower class. Just proves that I’m right, we insectoids aren’t controlled by our impulses; we’re orderly and superior. Anyway, be that as that may, I might as well read the note…ugh, I’ll have to remember to wash my hands after touching this.”

Janice takes the letter and reads it. She then begins to laugh.

“Does this fool actually believe he EVER had a chance with me?! Oh that IS amusing, in fact I’m in a good mood, guards you can escort Mr. Wolf out alive. This lap dog can run to tell his master Andre that I’ll never ever be interested in such a common creature as him.”

There’s no way you’re going to just leave without retorting to her insult.
> You antagonize her
“I don’t think you’ll be taking me anywhere.”
“Oh and why not?”
“Because…well let’s just say, I’d tell you, but only in private.”
“Save your veiled threats, I’m not impressed.”
“It’s not a threat. I suggest you listen to my proposal.” You say all of this calmly with no malice in your voice. Janice gets a little nervous, but attempts to cover.
“Alright fine, I’ll humor this mammal! Guards leave us, I’m sure I’d be able to handle this dog if he tries anything.”

After the guards leave Janice backs away from you, close to the window in case she has to make an escape. She’s obviously intimidated by you, which is good.

“We’re alone, speak.”
“Well, it’s just occurred to me that you’re talking a lot of rhetoric, but not doing a whole lot about it. A so called Queen would be mating with SOMETHING to produce offspring. Surely you could’ve used Andre for such a purpose, even if he was a so called lower class bum. As long as they’re bugly and indoctrinated to the insect cause you shouldn’t have any problems right? In fact I question this whole insect supremacy thing. While I don’t doubt that YOU think you’re superior, I wonder if you feel that way about THEM. I think you’re just using THEM, to make your life more comfortable, and their dumb enough to believe your lies because they’re a bunch of good little Ants that mindlessly follow a hierarchy because that’s what they know best. However, they have been exploited in the past, namely by humans in their little wars. I don’t think they’d like to be suddenly reminded that something similar is going on here, because after all, when it comes down to it, you’re not really one of THEM, you’re just a half freak insect human who’s taking advantage of the situation. You’ve been lucky to get away with it so long, without any return investment on your part.”
“…Okay, assuming that’s all true…and I’m not saying it isn’t…what are you proposing?”
“It’s pretty simple. I delivered the letter to you; I expect a little something for it.”
Janice buzzes displeasingly, but she realizes she has little choice. She goes over to a wall safe and hands you everything in it.

“Okay, you’ve got your money, now get out of here!”
“Thanks, now what do you want me to tell Andre?”
“Andre? Tell him to fuck off! I still don’t want anything to do with that bum!”
“You know, maybe I’m keeping quiet about your scheme, but that doesn’t mean your Ant slaves won’t catch on eventually. Maybe you should take precautions by considering Andre’s offer, just some free advice.”
“You’re kidding right?”
“Not at all. What’s the big deal? You’re both hideous bug freaks. Doesn’t seem like you’d be that picky at this point in your life…”
“I am NOT hideous, I have a condition! And I’m just waiting for the right man. What about YOU? You’re not exactly Mr. Universe!”
“Janice…give it up. No bloodsucker is going to EVER want you. Not when there are all those young human girls to seduce and consume. Not to mention the eternally youthful Vamp girls. I think its time you lowered your standards. And as for your comments to me, I’m a guy; the lowering of my standards doesn’t apply to me. Maybe it’s sexist and all that unPC shit, but that’s the way the world works. I could get old as fuck, and still be banging teenagers. All I need to worry about is being able to get it up. And since I’m the Alpha Wolf, that ain’t a problem.”
“You know Wolf, I’ve always heard about your so called legendary prowess in the bedroom, but I’ve always questioned it. I can’t help wonder if you yourself have done a lot of talking, but not actually doing. Perhaps you’ve spread all those lies yourself eh?” Janice taunts.
> You prove it
You’re NOT going to let your cocksmanship come into question here! If this bug bitch wants your dick in her then that’s what you’re going to do! Janice senses it and smiles as she positions herself on the bed.

“So are you gonna show me what you got, or are you just stand there and hold your dog dick.” She buzzes.

“You know, I’ve fucked a lot of women. Humans, aliens, other werewolves, and even the goddamned undead so help me. Yeah, I’ve fucked just about everything that’s walked or crawled at one time or another, and now I’m here to fuck you Janice.”

You get down to it. It’s an “interesting” experience to say the least. You have to be careful due to her stinger, but its not too bad. Now if anyone asks if you’ve ever fucked a bug, you can honestly answer “Why yes I have!”

Afterwards while she’s praising your abilities, you wonder if you shouldn’t stick around, might be alright to live in a mansion, you can ignore the Ants, since they seem to concentrate on their own business and all you’d have to do is keep her satisfied and just close your eyes. (You’d fuck her from behind, but there’s that damn stinger…)
> You stay
You made up in your mind to stay

“So Janice you ready for round two because URK!” you’re cut off mid sentence when you feel a sharp pain in your stomach! Poison soon follows, you’re paralyzed! You attempt to speak, but you can’t even do that. Janice hovers above you.

“Well you were everything you claimed, it’s almost a shame that I have to kill you, but you’re right appearances have to be kept up. I can’t have a filthy dog like you dirtying up the house, what WOULD the Ants think?”

As the poison finally works on completely destroying your nervous system, everything goes dark and the last thing you hear is the buzzing laughter of Janice.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You’re NOT going to let your cocksmanship come into question here! If this bug bitch wants your dick in her then that’s what you’re going to do! Janice senses it and smiles as she positions herself on the bed.

“So are you gonna show me what you got, or are you just stand there and hold your dog dick.” She buzzes.

“You know, I’ve fucked a lot of women. Humans, aliens, other werewolves, and even the goddamned undead so help me. Yeah, I’ve fucked just about everything that’s walked or crawled at one time or another, and now I’m here to fuck you Janice.”

You get down to it. It’s an “interesting” experience to say the least. You have to be careful due to her stinger, but its not too bad. Now if anyone asks if you’ve ever fucked a bug, you can honestly answer “Why yes I have!”

Afterwards while she’s praising your abilities, you wonder if you shouldn’t stick around, might be alright to live in a mansion, you can ignore the Ants, since they seem to concentrate on their own business and all you’d have to do is keep her satisfied and just close your eyes. (You’d fuck her from behind, but there’s that damn stinger…)
> You go
Nope, you need your freedom and even if you were going to be “kept” you’d make sure it would be by someone a lot hotter.

As you get up, you hear a lower buzz tone. Sounds angry. When you turn around you narrowly avoid a sting to your face. Definitely angry! Janice is now hovering in front and slightly above you preparing for another attack.

“Oh ho! Mating then killing afterwards is it? Sorry, but I’m not a drone baby.” You say and grab her legs. You follow this up, by throwing her into the wall. While she attempts to recover and calls for her guards, you leap out the window, with your payment.

It takes awhile to get back because you left your bike back at the mansion which sucks big time. When you get back to town you immediately head for the bar. You don’t even get to drink your drink before Andre comes in stinks up the place.

“Wolf! You’re back! The letter! Janice! What’s going on? Is she in love with me?”
“Uh no Andre, she isn’t, but look on bright side, she has a nasty habit of killing after she mates with someone. Surely you didn’t want that, right?”
“Yikes! No I suppose you’re right, I guess it was a pipe dream anyway.”

Andre gets to the door and then turns back around.

“Hey Wolf, how do you know she kills after she mates?”
“Um, it’s an insect thing, I would’ve thought you’d known that Andre.”
“Not all insects do that though, in fact that’s spiders! Now some in some insect species, the males die afterwards, but...”
“(Sigh) okay I didn’t want tell you this but…”

Andre looks at you expectantly.

“I caught her fucking some other bug guy and when they were done, she stabbed him with her stinger, and ate him.”
“Oh. Well okay then, thanks for looking out for me.” Andre says and leaves.

“Yep, I am the Samaritan.” You say taking a drink.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“I don’t think you’ll be taking me anywhere.”
“Oh and why not?”
“Because…well let’s just say, I’d tell you, but only in private.”
“Save your veiled threats, I’m not impressed.”
“It’s not a threat. I suggest you listen to my proposal.” You say all of this calmly with no malice in your voice. Janice gets a little nervous, but attempts to cover.
“Alright fine, I’ll humor this mammal! Guards leave us, I’m sure I’d be able to handle this dog if he tries anything.”

After the guards leave Janice backs away from you, close to the window in case she has to make an escape. She’s obviously intimidated by you, which is good.

“We’re alone, speak.”
“Well, it’s just occurred to me that you’re talking a lot of rhetoric, but not doing a whole lot about it. A so called Queen would be mating with SOMETHING to produce offspring. Surely you could’ve used Andre for such a purpose, even if he was a so called lower class bum. As long as they’re bugly and indoctrinated to the insect cause you shouldn’t have any problems right? In fact I question this whole insect supremacy thing. While I don’t doubt that YOU think you’re superior, I wonder if you feel that way about THEM. I think you’re just using THEM, to make your life more comfortable, and their dumb enough to believe your lies because they’re a bunch of good little Ants that mindlessly follow a hierarchy because that’s what they know best. However, they have been exploited in the past, namely by humans in their little wars. I don’t think they’d like to be suddenly reminded that something similar is going on here, because after all, when it comes down to it, you’re not really one of THEM, you’re just a half freak insect human who’s taking advantage of the situation. You’ve been lucky to get away with it so long, without any return investment on your part.”
“…Okay, assuming that’s all true…and I’m not saying it isn’t…what are you proposing?”
“It’s pretty simple. I delivered the letter to you; I expect a little something for it.”
Janice buzzes displeasingly, but she realizes she has little choice. She goes over to a wall safe and hands you everything in it.

“Okay, you’ve got your money, now get out of here!”
“Thanks, now what do you want me to tell Andre?”
“Andre? Tell him to fuck off! I still don’t want anything to do with that bum!”
“You know, maybe I’m keeping quiet about your scheme, but that doesn’t mean your Ant slaves won’t catch on eventually. Maybe you should take precautions by considering Andre’s offer, just some free advice.”
“You’re kidding right?”
“Not at all. What’s the big deal? You’re both hideous bug freaks. Doesn’t seem like you’d be that picky at this point in your life…”
“I am NOT hideous, I have a condition! And I’m just waiting for the right man. What about YOU? You’re not exactly Mr. Universe!”
“Janice…give it up. No bloodsucker is going to EVER want you. Not when there are all those young human girls to seduce and consume. Not to mention the eternally youthful Vamp girls. I think its time you lowered your standards. And as for your comments to me, I’m a guy; the lowering of my standards doesn’t apply to me. Maybe it’s sexist and all that unPC shit, but that’s the way the world works. I could get old as fuck, and still be banging teenagers. All I need to worry about is being able to get it up. And since I’m the Alpha Wolf, that ain’t a problem.”
“You know Wolf, I’ve always heard about your so called legendary prowess in the bedroom, but I’ve always questioned it. I can’t help wonder if you yourself have done a lot of talking, but not actually doing. Perhaps you’ve spread all those lies yourself eh?” Janice taunts.
> You leave
“Ha ha, sorry darling, but you’ll just have to wonder about the Legend, because you ain’t getting any of this, I guess I do have my standards too of a sort. I’ll be leaving now, so are you sure you don’t want Andre?”
“(Sigh) Very well, I supposed his letter and stalking did prove genuine feelings. Tell him he can come by, but under one condition, he needs to take a fucking bath!”
“Hmm, that’ll be a big step for him, but I’ll see what I can do.”
“Yeah you do that, now get the hell out and never return!”

You gather your bike from downstairs where you left and leave with your money. When you get back to the bar Andre is hopping up and down waiting for your news.

“Wolf! My letter! So what about it? Did she like it?”
“She’s all yours Don Juan. Just take a bath before you approach her, that was her only condition.”
“For her, anything! Thanks Wolf!” Andre says and runs out the door, leaving you to your drink.

Time passes and you never see Andre lurking around town to bother you ever again, you figure he was living it up with Janice. The truth is much different as you soon find out later. Apparently Janice took your advice of keeping up appearances and she mated with Andre. Unfortunately for him, she killed him afterwards when she confirmed she was pregnant. She ended up giving birth to a bunch of little Wasp Flies. Disgusting little buggers and even more so when they grew up. Rotten attitude and equally rotten smell. No discipline whatsoever. They all eventually just became a gang of thugs calling themselves the “Yellow Jackets” who weren’t really interested in world domination so much as just petty criminal activity. Still, they were enough to keep the Ants from thinking that Janice wasn’t dedicated to the “Queen” role. Her place was secure. Meanwhile you live fairly well on your wealth from Janice. Everyone won.

Well except Andre of course.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“I don’t think so; I want to make sure this gets to her, so you can just let me in.”
“Well then you can shove that letter up your ass and pull it back out and give it to Andre to eat, because you ain’t getting in here mutt. We’ll not let your inferior kind pollute the Hive. Leave, you’re not wanted here.”

It’s obvious that they don’t know anything about you, because they’d know that anyone telling you that you’re not wanted somewhere is the surest way of causing you to get in on purpose out of sheer spite.

“Well I guess I’ll just…” you stop talking and grab the guard’s big ant head through the bars of the gate and smash it towards you causing green stuff to leak out. You then retreat back to you bike when the rest open up the gate to punish you. The fools now have the gate open! While they attempt to catch you, you maneuver your bike around THEM to avoid their attacks and drive towards the mansion.

A general alarm is raised and soon there are ants all over the estate attempting to catch you. You’d never be able to fight them all. As you get closer to the mansion you notice its several entrances. You can either drive your bike into one of these hive tunnels or just drive your bike through one of the low mansion windows.
> You drive into one of the holes
You figure Janice will be in the hive tunnels given that she’s a “queen” now. You’re still wondering what the fuck is exactly going on here.

Sadly you won’t be finding out. As you drive deeper through the hive tunnels it gets very apparent that you’re lost due to the fact they all look alike! The ant guards have no such directional difficulties and are all over the place. Soon they manage to knock you off the bike, you make a run for it, but its no use there are too many and you’re completely lost.

They catch you, overwhelm you, kill you and eat you.

Yes, in that exact order. (It would be silly in any other order)<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Maybe you’re getting a little soft in your old age, but you can somewhat sympathize with Andre, he’s in an even worse situation than you. He’s been stricken by bad luck more than you have. Helping him could be financially beneficial, plus if Andre had a home, he wouldn’t be constantly bothering you for money every time you walked into town.

“Alright Andre I’ll help, just stand back and get your fucking disease ridden hands off of me! And don’t touch me again!”
“Okay, I can do that. Thanks Wolf! I swear I won’t forget this!”
“Yeah, yeah, now what do you want me to do?”
“I need you to deliver this letter to her; it’s a poem about how I feel about her and how I’ve always felt about her. I know if she just read this she’d give me a chance!”

You take the crumpled letter which reeks of Andre’s overall foulness, but you still have more questions.

“Andre I know you’ve always wanted to do some buggery on Janice, but I hardly see how this is going to change how she feels and why the hell can’t you do this?”
“Because every time I even try to get NEAR her mansion she has her guards chase me off! Its like when I try to sneak in anywhere people can somehow sense I’m coming!”
“Andre, did it ever occur to you to that your fucking ODOR is the reason?”
“Odor? What odor?” Andre asks like it’s the first time anyone’s ever suggested that to him that before. “Look I know in my heart that if she read my words, she’d fall for me, just like I know you’ll be able to get in and give her that letter!”
“This is starting to sound like a lot of effort for possibly no reward…”
“Arrrgh! Look when you get in there, you could always just rip something valuable off! Just please, you gotta give her that letter!”

You look at the love letter (which has remarkable penmanship) and shake your head. Looks like you’re on a bug hunt.

“Alright Andre you’re lucky her mansion isn’t far and I’m not busy right now. I just turned down an offer to live on an island paradise for the rest of my life in exchange for getting rid some Martians.”
“What, you mean Moreau’s offer? He offered me a similar deal, but then quickly retracted it for some reason. But Wolf I know you wouldn’t have wanted to help some hippy freaks you don’t even know! But this is different! In this case you’re helping out an old friend gain true love!”
“Okay listen up, I’m not, nor will I ever be your friend. I’m doing this for my own reasons. When I return, meet me back here at this bar.”

You turn and eagerly leave Andre to go back to your cabin. You don’t normally like to wash, but in this case you definitely feel the need to! After thoroughly scrubbing down, you take your Harley and drive over to Janice’s mansion which is just a couple of counties away. It doesn’t take you long to get there.

You haven’t really seen this place except once a long time ago and it looked like a regular mansion, now the place looks like a concentration compound; there is a big metal gate and barbed wire lined walls surrounding the mansion. The mansion itself looks like some half weird insect hive, half man made structure. As soon as you park near the gate you’re approached by some figures marching in unison like soldiers. They’re like big ants or at least they look like THEM. Something weird is going on.

“You! Inferior hairy mammal! What business do you have here at the Hive?!” one of the ant guards asks clicking his mandibles angrily.
“I’m supposed to deliver a letter to Janice.”
“Watch you tongue, dog! You mean the Supreme Hive Queen! And she does not see inferiors such as you! Be gone, you impotent mangy mutt!”

Well you’re used to people not liking you, but hearing it from a giant bug is still pretty insulting.
> You sneak in
“Fuck off, bug.” You say and leave. You get on your bike and drive off, but only a few miles out of sight, you then stash your bike behind some bushes and head back to the mansion. You head around the side walls, and scale them. The barbwire on top is a bitch though and you end up getting your fur caught in it.

After tugging and ripping yourself up, you fall off the wall into the mansion grounds, bleeding and surrounded by ant people. Apparently they could sense something not “Bugly” creeping around, not to mention you made some noise trying to get off the barb wire.

You end up meeting Janice after all…on her dinner plate.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Maybe you’re getting a little soft in your old age, but you can somewhat sympathize with Andre, he’s in an even worse situation than you. He’s been stricken by bad luck more than you have. Helping him could be financially beneficial, plus if Andre had a home, he wouldn’t be constantly bothering you for money every time you walked into town.

“Alright Andre I’ll help, just stand back and get your fucking disease ridden hands off of me! And don’t touch me again!”
“Okay, I can do that. Thanks Wolf! I swear I won’t forget this!”
“Yeah, yeah, now what do you want me to do?”
“I need you to deliver this letter to her; it’s a poem about how I feel about her and how I’ve always felt about her. I know if she just read this she’d give me a chance!”

You take the crumpled letter which reeks of Andre’s overall foulness, but you still have more questions.

“Andre I know you’ve always wanted to do some buggery on Janice, but I hardly see how this is going to change how she feels and why the hell can’t you do this?”
“Because every time I even try to get NEAR her mansion she has her guards chase me off! Its like when I try to sneak in anywhere people can somehow sense I’m coming!”
“Andre, did it ever occur to you to that your fucking ODOR is the reason?”
“Odor? What odor?” Andre asks like it’s the first time anyone’s ever suggested that to him that before. “Look I know in my heart that if she read my words, she’d fall for me, just like I know you’ll be able to get in and give her that letter!”
“This is starting to sound like a lot of effort for possibly no reward…”
“Arrrgh! Look when you get in there, you could always just rip something valuable off! Just please, you gotta give her that letter!”

You look at the love letter (which has remarkable penmanship) and shake your head. Looks like you’re on a bug hunt.

“Alright Andre you’re lucky her mansion isn’t far and I’m not busy right now. I just turned down an offer to live on an island paradise for the rest of my life in exchange for getting rid some Martians.”
“What, you mean Moreau’s offer? He offered me a similar deal, but then quickly retracted it for some reason. But Wolf I know you wouldn’t have wanted to help some hippy freaks you don’t even know! But this is different! In this case you’re helping out an old friend gain true love!”
“Okay listen up, I’m not, nor will I ever be your friend. I’m doing this for my own reasons. When I return, meet me back here at this bar.”

You turn and eagerly leave Andre to go back to your cabin. You don’t normally like to wash, but in this case you definitely feel the need to! After thoroughly scrubbing down, you take your Harley and drive over to Janice’s mansion which is just a couple of counties away. It doesn’t take you long to get there.

You haven’t really seen this place except once a long time ago and it looked like a regular mansion, now the place looks like a concentration compound; there is a big metal gate and barbed wire lined walls surrounding the mansion. The mansion itself looks like some half weird insect hive, half man made structure. As soon as you park near the gate you’re approached by some figures marching in unison like soldiers. They’re like big ants or at least they look like THEM. Something weird is going on.

“You! Inferior hairy mammal! What business do you have here at the Hive?!” one of the ant guards asks clicking his mandibles angrily.
“I’m supposed to deliver a letter to Janice.”
“Watch you tongue, dog! You mean the Supreme Hive Queen! And she does not see inferiors such as you! Be gone, you impotent mangy mutt!”

Well you’re used to people not liking you, but hearing it from a giant bug is still pretty insulting.
> You memories (THEM!)
Giant Ants: THEM!

Well thanks to human ingenuity they probably created more monsters in the 50s with their nuclear tests. Gigantism and mutation were a big problem during that era. Along with giant spiders and mantises, the biggest problem was when an ant colony was struck by massive radiation and went undetected in the desert for a couple of years and wasn’t discovered until giant ants began carrying off small children from nearby towns to their colony.

Granted they were never as big as people saw in the movies (Such a size would cause them to collapse underneath their own weight) but they did grow to be as big as humans. In fact they took on the look of “Ant centaurs”. A torso with two arms and a back end with four legs, still all very antlike though. Initially they weren’t very intelligent, but they grew smarter as time went on. This caused even greater problems for humans later.

Now the “Ant people” weren’t malevolent per say, but they just had a different outlook on life just like any other culture, and they saw humans (And anything else that went near their colony) as a source of food. Naturally humans and insects have never gotten along so it was only a matter of time before all out war was declared. The war might’ve lasted longer if the Ant people were able to adapt a little better, and if humans hadn’t had a severe tech advantage. The humans were determined to wipe THEM out before they could get the numerical advantage. This of course was done by blowing up their queen thus ending any chance of THEM ever conquering the Earth. The remaining Ant people would’ve probably been mopped up, but by this time it was the 60s and civil rights and shit came about. Hippies started saying that they had the right to exist on their own land and such, so the remaining ones were eventually allowed to live, and in time they assimilated into society like everyone else. Nobody was sure of their life span, but the government still perceived THEM as a legitimate potential threat and didn’t really want to take the chance that one of those ants could turn into another queen somehow, so a lot got drafted into the Vietnam War to “thin out” their population. (Plus they made excellent soldiers, and were especially helpful in flushing out Viet Cong tunnels)

Needless to say there aren’t too many Ant People left anymore, the ones that are still alive tend to keep to themselves and suspicious of everyone and anyone that doesn’t have six limbs.

Any chance of THEM making a “come back” is highly unlikely.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You’re not about to go traipsing across the world to save a bunch of hippy freaks from some dumb ass Martians.

“I don’t think so Moreau, see ya around.” You say and get up to leave the bar, before anyone else asks you for any favors. You don’t get two feet outside of the place and suddenly you’re assaulted by a terrible smell. The stench is not unlike that of hot garbage during a heat wave. You turn around holding your nose and see Andre with his big ol’ stupid grotesque fly head.

“Hey Wolf... Can you spare me some money?” he asks
“Fuck Andre! Stand the hell away from me! What the hell? Did you roll around in a septic tank?”
“Uh no, I just ate some fresh turds back in the alleyway…”
“I don’t even know why I asked you that, I already knew the answer. Ugh.” you say continuing to hold your nose.
“They tasted pretty good to me. Hey, but I could use some of that sweet sugar. You got any spare change so I can get me a box of the stuff?”
“Fuck no! I barely have enough money for me! Phew! Just get the fuck away!”
“Aw come on, help a brother out.”
“Broth… what the…look nevermind, I ain’t got time for this shit Andre, if you want sugar so bad just go into a fast food place and stock up on those little free packets!”
“I can’t! A lot of those places use that artificial sugar now! Don’t those idiotic humans know that stuff can cause cancer?! Besides whenever they see me coming they start spraying raid on me and hitting me in the head with swatters. I’ve even attempted to sneak in quietly, but they always seem to sense I’m coming, I can never understand how they do that.”
“Gee, I can’t imagine how they’d be able to do it, Andre.” You say still holding your nose futility trying to block out Andre’s odor.
“I just wish I could get with Janice, she’s got ALL the sugar! (Buzz) But she won’t have anything to do with me; She thinks I’m just low class trash.”
“Well if you’re eating shit, I’d say she’s pretty much right.”
“It’s not just her sugar I’m after though, I think she’s beautiful! She has such heavenly wings, and a nice abdomen! Yep she really kept herself in good condition after all these years. (Buzz)”
“Yeah that’s real nice Andre, tell someone who cares.”

You start to leave and then Andre has the nerve to grab you by the arm.

“Wolf, please you gotta help me out! I can’t live like this anymore, I thought I could being part fly and all, but it’s getting too bad! I’m nearly killed everywhere I go and I’m getting too old to defend myself adequately! Humans hate the sight of me and I disgust them! I need to a home! Janice has a home! You gotta help me convince her that we should be together! Look, you know she’s rich too! You said you were in need of money too right? Maybe if we’re successful, something can be worked out.”
> You memories (Andre)
The Fly: Andre Delambre

For every successful “Mad Scientist” there are several failed ones. Most of them usually get killed by their own fool creations, or in their attempt to rule the world. Others are just inept and can’t create anything worthwhile. Still others just have some very bad luck. Andre falls into that category.

Everyone knows the story, Andre was working on a teleportation device and when he tested it out a fly got in the thing with him and turned him into the big bug he is today. Contrary to what the movies say, there was NOT a fly buzzing around with his head on it after the accident! It was more like “remake” where his DNA combined with the fly’s DNA, just one being, not two separate ones. (Though he did still have a big ol’ grotesque fly head afterwards.) Needless to say his career as any kind of scientist was over, while his intelligence hadn’t been reduced to that of a fly, it certainly lowered it from what it was, and tended to make him more focused on simpler things like eating. His marriage was over as well. (His wife got everything; a repulsive fly isn’t too sympathetic)

While he did find a new life of sorts in horror after his accident, it was still limited. It’s not like being a werewolf or vampire, they don’t make multiple movies with rampaging fly people and it’s not like he could “pass” for human for other roles. It wasn’t just that though, the main problem was he was a disgusting disease carrying fly and nobody wanted to be around him! This of course made other jobs somewhat limited as well. His last hope was working in the “Sanitation Engineering” field, which he thought would be perfect, but the problem was he spent too much time eating garbage rather than picking it up. He was fired within the week. Eventually his money ran out and he became a bum which probably wasn’t that bad for him, indeed he was more “free” now; ironic, since he started out from poverty and worked his way up from the gutter when he was a human and stated he’d never want to be poor ever again.

You always avoided him for the same reasons everyone else did. He was just nasty smelling and looking. Despite your obvious dislike for Andre it hasn’t stopped him from all the times he’s tried to borrow money from you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You’re not about to go traipsing across the world to save a bunch of hippy freaks from some dumb ass Martians.

“I don’t think so Moreau, see ya around.” You say and get up to leave the bar, before anyone else asks you for any favors. You don’t get two feet outside of the place and suddenly you’re assaulted by a terrible smell. The stench is not unlike that of hot garbage during a heat wave. You turn around holding your nose and see Andre with his big ol’ stupid grotesque fly head.

“Hey Wolf... Can you spare me some money?” he asks
“Fuck Andre! Stand the hell away from me! What the hell? Did you roll around in a septic tank?”
“Uh no, I just ate some fresh turds back in the alleyway…”
“I don’t even know why I asked you that, I already knew the answer. Ugh.” you say continuing to hold your nose.
“They tasted pretty good to me. Hey, but I could use some of that sweet sugar. You got any spare change so I can get me a box of the stuff?”
“Fuck no! I barely have enough money for me! Phew! Just get the fuck away!”
“Aw come on, help a brother out.”
“Broth… what the…look nevermind, I ain’t got time for this shit Andre, if you want sugar so bad just go into a fast food place and stock up on those little free packets!”
“I can’t! A lot of those places use that artificial sugar now! Don’t those idiotic humans know that stuff can cause cancer?! Besides whenever they see me coming they start spraying raid on me and hitting me in the head with swatters. I’ve even attempted to sneak in quietly, but they always seem to sense I’m coming, I can never understand how they do that.”
“Gee, I can’t imagine how they’d be able to do it, Andre.” You say still holding your nose futility trying to block out Andre’s odor.
“I just wish I could get with Janice, she’s got ALL the sugar! (Buzz) But she won’t have anything to do with me; She thinks I’m just low class trash.”
“Well if you’re eating shit, I’d say she’s pretty much right.”
“It’s not just her sugar I’m after though, I think she’s beautiful! She has such heavenly wings, and a nice abdomen! Yep she really kept herself in good condition after all these years. (Buzz)”
“Yeah that’s real nice Andre, tell someone who cares.”

You start to leave and then Andre has the nerve to grab you by the arm.

“Wolf, please you gotta help me out! I can’t live like this anymore, I thought I could being part fly and all, but it’s getting too bad! I’m nearly killed everywhere I go and I’m getting too old to defend myself adequately! Humans hate the sight of me and I disgust them! I need to a home! Janice has a home! You gotta help me convince her that we should be together! Look, you know she’s rich too! You said you were in need of money too right? Maybe if we’re successful, something can be worked out.”
> You memories (Janice)
The Wasp Woman: Janice Starlin

Even before she became another insect hybrid, she was a “WASP” in every sense of the word, though “Nazi” might be even more appropriate.

Janice likes to keep her past a secret, but for those in the know, she was sympathetic to the Germans during WW II. It’s one of the reasons why she wasn’t in “showbiz” for too long. (Showbiz and Anti-Semitism isn’t a good combination)

Even without being a Nazi sympathizer, she was still a stuck up rich human bitch who came from “Old Money”. She was obsessed with her youth and looks and being an actress she was even more fanatical about it. As with all humans they can’t stop the ravages time without a little help, either supernatural or scientific. She attempted supernatural first, and tried to get one of those parasitic bloodsuckers to turn her. It would’ve been perfect for her; the problem was no vampire was willing to do it. The bloodsuckers are monsters, but even they tend to frown upon Nazis. (Of course Werewolves aren’t fond of Nazis either) Indeed, most Vampires have roots in the “Old country” (Not any particular country, just all of them) and as such most originally have Slavic or even Jewish backgrounds. (Which might explain why crosses don’t really work so well in real life as opposed to the crap they show in movies) and since Fagula is the head cocksucker…erm bloodsucker in charge, no vampire was going to defy him, even if they wanted to.

Janice resorted to scientific means, so she hired some mad scientist type who was working on a youth serum based on wasp jelly. You’re not exactly familiar with the technical stuff involved, but what basically happened was a typical mad scientist “accident” and the shit turned her into a half wasp creature. Though while not as spectacularly as bad as Andre’s “accident”, it was horrific for her and ended her career as a “normal” actress.

This transformation didn’t make her disposition any better, if anything she just got meaner and more condescending. When she “arrived” in the monster world, she constantly would go on about how she was superior to everyone else and why. (Though she didn’t say anything about the bloodsuckers since despite them shunning her she still always wanted to be one)

After the show biz career started to dry up for her, she went back to being a typical rich shut in who never left her mansion. It’s not like she had to work, being independently wealthy and all.

Nobody’s really had any contact with her since.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You and Moreau have never had any dealings with each other before, so you’re kind of curious to as why he wanted to see you. You approach Moreau and he’s tripping over himself to thank you for seeing him. You’re a little suspicious of this treatment, especially since you’ve never been welcomed by anyone before.

“Wolf, its Wolf right? Or do you prefer Mr. Wolf?”
“Wolf is fine…will you tell me why the hell you want to see me so badly for? We’ve never had anything to do with each other before.”
“Yes. Quite correct. My Vision didn’t lead me to interact socially that much. Maybe I shouldn’t have concentrated so much on my Vision though. Maybe I should’ve been more flexible. If I had, I might not have the problems I have now.”
“Okay, so will you quit with the fucking mystery already and tell me what’s going on?”
“As you know I transformed my island into a utopia where no being harms another.”
“Pfft, some Utopia. I call it fucking with nature.”
“And you know what? I agree with you. At one time, I would’ve dismissed you as a vicious animal that only pleased his primal instincts.”
“You say it as if it’s a bad thing.” You utter.
“I once thought so…but now I’m starting to see reality for the first time. My Utopia wasn’t followed by the world…it was hated. It was despised. Most are jealous of what I’ve done and want to destroy it.”
“Duh, that’s humanity for you. So are you getting to the point anytime soon?”
“My Utopia is about to be destroyed, but NOT directly. No human nation wants to look like the bad guys so you know what they’ve done instead? They’re letting Martians do it for them!”
“What? Martians aren’t even allowed on this planet after all the unsuccessful attacks they’ve attempted on it.” You exclaim.
“See that’s just it. In exchange of a new Martian-Earthling Peace accord they’re letting the Martians put a colony here provided they don’t kill any humans. The Martians agreed and MY Island was scheduled for designation for the colony! If we stay they’ll be allowed to kill everyone since nobody on there is human except me.”
“Well that certainly does suck, but why not just move?”
“WHAT!? That’s our home! Would YOU move from your own home?”
“Eh…I suppose I can see your point. So what am I supposed to do though?”

Moreau takes another drink and looks at you with dead seriousness.

“I need you to get them all to FIGHT! I need you to get them all in touch with their animal instincts again! I know you’re more than just a werewolf. You’re the self-proclaimed Alpha. I need that viciousness, I need that aggressiveness, I need it ingrained into my people. I can’t do it. I’m not qualified, and I’d only make things worse. I can pay you all the money you want; our economy has always been good. If you like you could even live on the island and spend your remaining years there with nothing to worry about. You could mate with whoever you wanted, we could import whatever meat you wanted, or if you preferred…we could even make special arrangements just for you, to hunt living creatures. Anything…just please help us.”

This is pretty heavy shit. Moreau must be very desperate to come begging to a practical stranger. There’s no way he’s lying about this, you have heard some stuff lately about Martian-Human relations, though you don’t really pay attention to the news a lot. You can’t say Moreau’s offer isn’t appealing on some level, but as much of a badass you are, you’re not in your prime anymore. Taking on a shit load of Martians and training a bunch of genetic freaks of nature could be just a little out of your scope.
> You memories (Martians)
The Invaders: Martians

Martians much like Human comes in many shapes, sizes and colors. They are a technologically advanced race which is amazing considering how stupid they actually are. It makes you wonder if natural selection even occurred on the dismal red planet.

The first Martian invasion was impressive since humans weren’t prepared for it. Unfortunately for all their advanced weaponry their medical science was probably in the fucking toilet…literally. They have to be the only galactic race of “conquerors” that lost a war because of dysentery. All the “War Machines” in the world couldn’t protect them from all the air born germs that infest humanity (They really are filthy when you think about it). You’d think that they’d take this information and try to combat it with…uh you know inventing fucking vaccinations and penicillin. But did they do that? Nope. They tried to invade again this time they figured if they never got out of their machines at all they’d be safe. Unfortunately in order to invade a planet you HAVE to have ground troops to do it. So while they blasted the shit out of the Earth again they couldn’t properly conquer it. So these geniuses spent the rest of the time arguing about what they should do until all their flying saucers ran out of fucking fuel and started falling out of the sky, crashing into shit.

At this point you’d think they’d just give up, but they didn’t. The next failed mission involved them stealing human women to breed with them. They figured two things:

One was that they could replenish all their soldiers again that they’d lost in the last two invasions. The second idea was they figured they could create a hybrid that was more resilient to human germs.

The plan was doomed to failure in its typical Martian idiocy and this was a particularly spectacular one that nearly wiped them out permanently as well as effectively destroying them as a potential threat.

First of all the Martians had to get OUT of their machines in order to kidnap these women. Sure they finally developed protective suits at this point, but they were made of a thin and easily ripped material. Many Martians died attempting to steal away feisty housewives. Second of all they would’ve had to steal a lot more housewives than they did in order to replenish their severely depleted military (And male population in general) to say nothing of the fact they had to put up with the human women for at least 9 LONG months before they got a return on their “investment”. The third problem was for some reason it didn’t occur to them that the germs would still be ON these human women! Many Martians died after mating with these kidnapped housewives, not to mention an “Earth” plague hit the entire planet now. More dead Martians and lots of them. The kicker of all this, was most of the “hybrid” Martians that grew up tended to be very interested in their human heritage and would go back to Earth. (With their moms of course)

The only good thing that occurred was the survivors were now finally resistant to human germs. Little good it did now since half the planet died, and was in no position to invade anyone. (Luckily for them, humans were too busy fighting each other, or they would’ve surely been defeated had humans invaded Mars).

The Martians tried a few more stupid invasions later, but they never were really serious and by that time humanity had caught up to them technologically. (Thanks to salvaging the technology from all those immobilized war machines and flying saucers that fell out of the sky) Nowadays Martians are considered the intergalactic equivalent of rude hillbilly neighbors with lots of guns.

They bring a whole new meaning to term “REDneck”.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Fuck it, you don’t feel like putting up with Erik’s whining. You’ll talk to him later when you’re in the mood. You hang up and decide to engage in one of your favorite past time ever since you became part of “society”. Drink. You head down to the bar in town.

When you enter you see it nearly empty. Usually there’s someone here that you don’t like which gives you an excuse to get into a fight. You sit down and order a Scotch. The bartender tends to let you just drink and cleans up the mess you make afterwards, but today turns out a little differently.

“Hey Wolf, some people have been wanting to see you.” The bartender says nervously.
“Oh? Do these people have a name?” you ask downing your drink.
“Well they’re in the bar right now actually, I think they’re old acquaintances of yours.”

You scan the bar, which doesn’t take long considering its almost empty. And you’ll be damned you see not one, but THREE people from the old days; you’re surprised you didn’t notice them before.

At a nearby table you see Dr. Henry Jekyll and Dr. Jack Griffin. Jack normally would be difficult to see in this dark lighting at the best of times, since he’s invisible, but he’s perfectly noticeable enough when he wears clothing. They see you and wave you to come over.

At a table in the far corner you see Dr. Alphonse Moreau. He looks like a wreck. He’s obviously been chain smoking cigarettes and drinking a lot since he got here. He sees you and desperately signals you over like he needs your help severely.

While you’re not surprised to see all these humans still alive (Mad scientists ALWAYS figure out how to extend their life spans past the normal human limit) you’re just surprised that they all want to see you and it makes you suspicious. You’ve always been mistrustful of Mad Scientist types ever since your run in with Dr. Victor Frankenstein.

You turn to the bartender for more information.

“What the hell, is there a Mad Scientist convention in town or some shit? Why are they all here and why do they want me?”
“I dunno Wolf. I think its just coincidence. Henry and Jack say they got some sort of experiment going on and want your help on it. They know you’ve been needing some money lately and they’re willing to pay you for your time. I think Henry wants to play catch up with you as well.”
“Hmm, speaking of catch, there probably is one. So why’s Moreau here? Same thing?”
“He wouldn’t elaborate too much. He says he REALLY needs help with something, and it’s not an experiment. He says he gave up trying to play God. I dunno what’s wrong though you’ll have to ask him yourself. He just said, he’s willing to do anything for you if you help him.

Well this venture to the bar seems to have become potentially lucrative; the problem is you have to deal with a bunch of humans with God complexes. (You doubt what the bartender told you about Moreau, his type never gets out of the game completely) You decide to throw caution to the wind and take one of their jobs; you feel you’ll be up to the challenge. After all its common knowledge of what you did to Victor when he tried to take advantage of you once.

All it comes down to is who you want to deal with.
> You memories (Henry)
The Split Personality: Dr. Henry Jekyll/ Mr. Edward Hyde

Henry Jekyll was a typical bookworm human nerd that couldn’t get a girl. If that all he was, you two wouldn’t have even met. Henry’s experiments though led him to the “Monster world”. Apparently he’d seen you and studied how successful you were with females of all types. He chalked it up to your confidence and overall badassitude.

(Well he wasn’t really wrong in that assumption)

Using you as a model of what he wanted to be like, he started designing potions to duplicate the lycanthropy effect. Contrary to what most folks believe, Werewolves tend to breed with each other to make more, (as opposed to those unnatural parasitic Fagpires) they very rarely “make someone a werewolf”. It’s typically only by accident that that happens, and its VERY rare that someone survives long enough to escape a werewolf attack. Given all those risks and the very likelihood he would be killed in such a process Henry went ahead with his potions until one of them finally got the desired effect.

The problem was, it just made him into a big vicious ugly brute. (As opposed to a super smooth handsome Wolf like yourself) He wasn’t any more successful with the ladies as Mr. Hyde, if anything they were repulsed by him even more, which led a lot of…”accidents”. Ultimately he just broke down and paid for hookers. However, you and he hung out a lot back in the old days, mostly partying and fighting with others. He was a good guy to have your back in a fight when he was Mr. Hyde. You rarely talked to him as Henry, but he was usually civilized and respectful when he did address you. He didn’t annoy and piss you off like Erik, because he knew to keep his distance when he wasn’t your “peer”.

You can respect a (hu)man who knows his limitations.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Fuck it, you don’t feel like putting up with Erik’s whining. You’ll talk to him later when you’re in the mood. You hang up and decide to engage in one of your favorite past time ever since you became part of “society”. Drink. You head down to the bar in town.

When you enter you see it nearly empty. Usually there’s someone here that you don’t like which gives you an excuse to get into a fight. You sit down and order a Scotch. The bartender tends to let you just drink and cleans up the mess you make afterwards, but today turns out a little differently.

“Hey Wolf, some people have been wanting to see you.” The bartender says nervously.
“Oh? Do these people have a name?” you ask downing your drink.
“Well they’re in the bar right now actually, I think they’re old acquaintances of yours.”

You scan the bar, which doesn’t take long considering its almost empty. And you’ll be damned you see not one, but THREE people from the old days; you’re surprised you didn’t notice them before.

At a nearby table you see Dr. Henry Jekyll and Dr. Jack Griffin. Jack normally would be difficult to see in this dark lighting at the best of times, since he’s invisible, but he’s perfectly noticeable enough when he wears clothing. They see you and wave you to come over.

At a table in the far corner you see Dr. Alphonse Moreau. He looks like a wreck. He’s obviously been chain smoking cigarettes and drinking a lot since he got here. He sees you and desperately signals you over like he needs your help severely.

While you’re not surprised to see all these humans still alive (Mad scientists ALWAYS figure out how to extend their life spans past the normal human limit) you’re just surprised that they all want to see you and it makes you suspicious. You’ve always been mistrustful of Mad Scientist types ever since your run in with Dr. Victor Frankenstein.

You turn to the bartender for more information.

“What the hell, is there a Mad Scientist convention in town or some shit? Why are they all here and why do they want me?”
“I dunno Wolf. I think its just coincidence. Henry and Jack say they got some sort of experiment going on and want your help on it. They know you’ve been needing some money lately and they’re willing to pay you for your time. I think Henry wants to play catch up with you as well.”
“Hmm, speaking of catch, there probably is one. So why’s Moreau here? Same thing?”
“He wouldn’t elaborate too much. He says he REALLY needs help with something, and it’s not an experiment. He says he gave up trying to play God. I dunno what’s wrong though you’ll have to ask him yourself. He just said, he’s willing to do anything for you if you help him.

Well this venture to the bar seems to have become potentially lucrative; the problem is you have to deal with a bunch of humans with God complexes. (You doubt what the bartender told you about Moreau, his type never gets out of the game completely) You decide to throw caution to the wind and take one of their jobs; you feel you’ll be up to the challenge. After all its common knowledge of what you did to Victor when he tried to take advantage of you once.

All it comes down to is who you want to deal with.
> You memories (Jack)
The Invisible Man: Dr. Jack Griffin

You’ve never trusted Jack. He never did anything to you per say, but anyone who turns himself invisible is obviously a sneak who’s not to be trusted. Jack sometimes attempted to make friends with you or converse with you on various topics, but you just didn’t want his friendship (Granted you never really wanted anyone’s friendship, but that’s another story) and you told him as much one time.

Being invisible bothered a lot of folks though, so you weren’t the only one that didn’t trust him. Just about everyone felt his wrath due to all this rejection and not being accepted as a “real monster”. He pulled a lot of cruel jokes on people as revenge, always got away with it too, since it’s difficult to find someone that’s invisible. (You did think it was funny when he stole some of Fagula’s best baby blood “wine” and mixed it with the blood of a diseased rat from his lab. He was sick for a month after ingesting such filth) He never tried anything on you though.

It might be because he seemed to take your rejection a little better. You at least acknowledged his existence, by telling him WHY you didn’t like him. Most others just tried to avoid the issue and avoid or ignore him just like…well an invisible man.

Besides, his invisibility wouldn’t have affected you too much anyway; with your sense of smell, you could always sense him coming.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Fuck it, you don’t feel like putting up with Erik’s whining. You’ll talk to him later when you’re in the mood. You hang up and decide to engage in one of your favorite past time ever since you became part of “society”. Drink. You head down to the bar in town.

When you enter you see it nearly empty. Usually there’s someone here that you don’t like which gives you an excuse to get into a fight. You sit down and order a Scotch. The bartender tends to let you just drink and cleans up the mess you make afterwards, but today turns out a little differently.

“Hey Wolf, some people have been wanting to see you.” The bartender says nervously.
“Oh? Do these people have a name?” you ask downing your drink.
“Well they’re in the bar right now actually, I think they’re old acquaintances of yours.”

You scan the bar, which doesn’t take long considering its almost empty. And you’ll be damned you see not one, but THREE people from the old days; you’re surprised you didn’t notice them before.

At a nearby table you see Dr. Henry Jekyll and Dr. Jack Griffin. Jack normally would be difficult to see in this dark lighting at the best of times, since he’s invisible, but he’s perfectly noticeable enough when he wears clothing. They see you and wave you to come over.

At a table in the far corner you see Dr. Alphonse Moreau. He looks like a wreck. He’s obviously been chain smoking cigarettes and drinking a lot since he got here. He sees you and desperately signals you over like he needs your help severely.

While you’re not surprised to see all these humans still alive (Mad scientists ALWAYS figure out how to extend their life spans past the normal human limit) you’re just surprised that they all want to see you and it makes you suspicious. You’ve always been mistrustful of Mad Scientist types ever since your run in with Dr. Victor Frankenstein.

You turn to the bartender for more information.

“What the hell, is there a Mad Scientist convention in town or some shit? Why are they all here and why do they want me?”
“I dunno Wolf. I think its just coincidence. Henry and Jack say they got some sort of experiment going on and want your help on it. They know you’ve been needing some money lately and they’re willing to pay you for your time. I think Henry wants to play catch up with you as well.”
“Hmm, speaking of catch, there probably is one. So why’s Moreau here? Same thing?”
“He wouldn’t elaborate too much. He says he REALLY needs help with something, and it’s not an experiment. He says he gave up trying to play God. I dunno what’s wrong though you’ll have to ask him yourself. He just said, he’s willing to do anything for you if you help him.

Well this venture to the bar seems to have become potentially lucrative; the problem is you have to deal with a bunch of humans with God complexes. (You doubt what the bartender told you about Moreau, his type never gets out of the game completely) You decide to throw caution to the wind and take one of their jobs; you feel you’ll be up to the challenge. After all its common knowledge of what you did to Victor when he tried to take advantage of you once.

All it comes down to is who you want to deal with.
> You memories (Alphonse)
The Visionary: Dr. Alphonse Moreau

Fuck Victor Frankenstein. That crackpot couldn’t compare to Moreau, and he knew it. Victor tried to “beat” Moreau in the Mad Scientist department and he failed spectacularly in everyway, and to add insult to injury, Moreau barely even acknowledged Victor’s self-created “feud” with him. Moreau was more interested in his own work more than competition. You never had any contact with Moreau mainly because he didn’t really take an interest in anything except his work.

Everyone knows Moreau was doing a lot of genetic experimentation and crossbreeding with humans and animals. Everyone also knows that Moreau was attempting to create a utopia of sorts on his island. What surprised people, is he actually succeeded to an extent. When he realized initial attempts of inflicting punishment via “The House of Pain” were just making matters worse, he scraped that idea and tried a bunch of other ideas. He wasn’t really successful with any of them until the 60s came rolling on in…

He adopted some weird hippy/communist philosophy. You’re not really sure what it all entailed really since you never really were interested in such topics like government and philosophy, (Your simple “survival of the fittest” ideology seemed to work well for you) all you know is it entailed a lot of drugs and a lot of sex.

By the end of the 70s, Moreau’s Island had achieved what no human nation ever has. No violence. No crime. No hate. A Utopia. The “citizens” of the island from what you know just mate, eat, and sleep until they die of natural causes.

While most would say that sounds like a paradise, you’d have to disagree. While the mating, eating, and sleeping all sound pretty good. Everyone there is a fucking VEGETARIAN! Even the citizens that were crossbred with carnivores such as lions, bears and (Shudder) wolves are all vegetarians, eating leaves right along side their herbivore counterparts peacefully. The thought of any predator mating with something they should normally be eating makes you ill.

Maybe you’re old fashioned, but it just ain’t natural.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up in your cabin in the woods. You sit up and scratch some fleas that have infested your body. You also realize its still daylight. You hate waking up early.

You lope into the bathroom and look in the mirror where you see a canine face covered in gray fur, you remember a time when your fur was completely brown.

“You’re getting old Wolf” you say to yourself like you always do while trying to look on the bright side that at least you don’t have the mange. You think you’d just put a silver bullet in your head if you ever started to go bald.

After eating some left over mutton in the fridge and some Gummy Blobs (for the sugar “pick me up”) you ponder how you’re going to pay this month’s rent on your cabin. You call your agent Erik and see if that little pissant has found any work for you. Hopefully it’s an actual job and not just a guest speaker spot at a comic convention.

“Erik! It’s me Wolf! Pick up the fucking phone! I know you’re there!” you say when you get the answering machine.

“Erik! Get on the phone NOW, or I’m gonna go over there and shove a pipe organ up your ass!”

That got his attention.

“Wolf, I’m sorry, but I fear I’m in a deep depression.”
“What else is new? Look I need some work, got anything? I don’t even care if it’s straight to video. I just need some of the green stuff!”
“Sadly, I don’t think I do, but then I haven’t really checked…I’m so depressed. I’ve been wondering if I made the right decisions in my life…and now it’s too late for me to do anything about it, because I’m old…”
“Join the fucking club Erik! Look do you…”
“But my art, my music, that is my love and its failing me again. My latest opera isn’t doing well. I wonder if I chose the wrong thing to love and pursue. Just like I did with Christine. Oh Christine WHY couldn’t you have loved me? I loved you…”

Wonderful, he’s in full blown tortured artist mode. He can go on like this forever. You can either give up, or persist in getting something out of him.
> You memories (You)
The Werewolf: You AKA Wolf

The Werewolves nowadays are spoiled, but you are the last of the “True” Werewolves. The Alpha Wolf. The one who terrorized the wilderness and entire countrysides. Oh sure MAYBE you didn’t have a fancy accent like that damn aristocratic bloodsucker, but damn it YOU didn’t have the privilege of coming from money. You started from nothing and pulled yourself up from nothing to become a star.

You just wish you’d invested your money better, and hadn’t gotten married and…well a whole bunch of things really.

Sometimes you think about transforming into a human and living like a normal person, but you were never one to pretend. You’re a monster and you’ll DIE a monster.

Besides you’re more noticeable in your Wolf form even if you aren’t properly feared anymore. If you’re lucky you’ll get some human asking you for your autograph.

At least it’s something.

It doesn’t pay the bills on this humble cabin though. You need to make some money or you’ll be scrounging around in the forests like when you were a young pup. Not that you can’t survive, but you’re really accustomed to your “human comforts” now.

Damn civilization has had a domesticating effect on you.

But you’re still the Alpha Wolf damn it.
> Back to the story
You wake up in your cabin in the woods. You sit up and scratch some fleas that have infested your body. You also realize its still daylight. You hate waking up early.

You lope into the bathroom and look in the mirror where you see a canine face covered in gray fur, you remember a time when your fur was completely brown.

“You’re getting old Wolf” you say to yourself like you always do while trying to look on the bright side that at least you don’t have the mange. You think you’d just put a silver bullet in your head if you ever started to go bald.

After eating some left over mutton in the fridge and some Gummy Blobs (for the sugar “pick me up”) you ponder how you’re going to pay this month’s rent on your cabin. You call your agent Erik and see if that little pissant has found any work for you. Hopefully it’s an actual job and not just a guest speaker spot at a comic convention.

“Erik! It’s me Wolf! Pick up the fucking phone! I know you’re there!” you say when you get the answering machine.

“Erik! Get on the phone NOW, or I’m gonna go over there and shove a pipe organ up your ass!”

That got his attention.

“Wolf, I’m sorry, but I fear I’m in a deep depression.”
“What else is new? Look I need some work, got anything? I don’t even care if it’s straight to video. I just need some of the green stuff!”
“Sadly, I don’t think I do, but then I haven’t really checked…I’m so depressed. I’ve been wondering if I made the right decisions in my life…and now it’s too late for me to do anything about it, because I’m old…”
“Join the fucking club Erik! Look do you…”
“But my art, my music, that is my love and its failing me again. My latest opera isn’t doing well. I wonder if I chose the wrong thing to love and pursue. Just like I did with Christine. Oh Christine WHY couldn’t you have loved me? I loved you…”

Wonderful, he’s in full blown tortured artist mode. He can go on like this forever. You can either give up, or persist in getting something out of him.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You open your eyes and see the sun out of the open window. You watch it for a second trying to feel its heat on your body but after a moment you give up. Its winter and its perpetually cold here anyway. You get up and wander over to take in the view, you've been staying in this room for a while now. Your not sure exactly how long but it feels like around 5 months, long enough to become used to it at least.


You lean out through the window and take in the sights, There are still some skyscrapers to the east looking in good condition, the stadium to the North isn't doing so well though, the roof has caved in and taken a small part of the wall down with it. Looking around you get a sense of general decay, between the points of interest are just fields of broken buildings and rubble. You know the couple of decades since the infection couldn't have done it alone so you decided it was the military. They had actually held out for years with relatively few casualties before it became airborne, after that it was chaos for a time until a 'vaccine' was found and sent world wide in an attempt to end the spread of the infection.


You take one last look around then head for the door. You picked this room since it not only had a working lock on the door but actually had glass in the window, seemed like a nice touch of normality. Sadly the food has run out and you've scavenged the entire surrounding area until nothing is left, you have to move on. At least now you have a destination. Just last week you had found a decrepit old survivor mumbling to themselves in a fever and learned that somewhere to the far east past the skyscrapers there is a thriving colony, THOUSANDS of people actually living and forming a good community. The dying old man didn't have much of value but at least you got enough food to keep you full until now.
> Down the Stairs
You head down the stairs to check on your trap. Its a simple pitfall at the base of the stairs but it's sometimes good enough to catch a wild animal or two. Sadly no such luck today. Seems like the dead have finally managed to make the city free from even rats now.


You start heading for the door when you hear a small sound outside, just a piece of wood being disturbed but your senses are attuned to listening for these things. Your now stuck, there is a back door but you don't keep it or the alleyways back there clear so just about anything could have moved in, however your pretty sure there is something out the front doors.
> The Front Door
You sling your pack over your shoulder and take out your metal baseball bat before edging slowly closer to the door, you need to know what's out there. It could just be a shambler who is about as dangeous as a child unless they are in a large pack. Then again it could be one of the other types. The Fast types are tricky to handle if not too smart. The mutant types, animals who got directly infected, are very dangerous. The Crazies, humans who got the vaccine too late or were bitten after getting it, they retain some semblance of intelligence but only that of a stupid  flesh craved psychopath. Then theres the 'Heralds' or 'Harbingers', Nicknamed as the 'Harbingers of the apocalypse', they look nearly completely human but the infection somehow bonded with them making them stronger and faster than normal humans while retaining all of their intelligence, of course they still feed on living and partly decayed flesh, you avoid them at all costs.


Once you get close you very slowly open the door a crack and peek out. Nothing immediately visible, your going to have to open it and look properly.
> You outside
You slowly open the door until its wide enough for you to fit through the gap, you have your bat ready and slip out into the sun. You carefully look around as you creep into the street, still nothing...


'CRACK'


You hear the noise from behind you and whirl around to see something stepping out of a pile of rubbish very close to the door you just came out of.


You panic for a moment and consider just running away as fast as you can... when you see it more clearly.


It wasn't hiding to ambush you, it's just a shambler. The slowest and least dangerous of all the undead. It was probably lying in that heap for days and only moved because of you walking nearby. You walk up to it and even take the time to do a little impression of a pro-hitter before a single clean strike caves its skull right in and it crumples into a heap on the ground. You briefly reminisce about when the outbreak first happened and it would take several hits to the head to stop them, but now you're a lot stronger and faster than an average human and sport a physique that would have belonged to a professional athlete... if there were any left alive in this messed up world.


You wipe your bat clean then begin walking East to the cross-roads a couple hundred yards away, your kill-count on shamblers must be over a hundred by now but you lost count somewhere in the fifties.


You now face the choice of which way to go.


You intend to reach the far east side of the city and investigate if the survivors are real  however the skyscraper district was the most inhabited before the plague hit, which means it still is, only with less welcoming residents. To the North you could head up to the area around the stadium, some people tried to make a stand there and thinned out the undead but there isn't much in the way of food there since they were overwhelmed leaving the area stripped clean. South could probably take you along the highway to the suburbs which has a mixed chance of food and dangerous monsters.


Deciding on the North as the safest choice for now you go that way.
> You heading North
You jog a couple of blocks North before finding a large blockade of crashed rusted cars, you know the area fairly well and slip into a side alley to bypass it, cutting North again through the first intersecting alley.


You quickly make it out onto a main road again when you realize something is moving pretty close by to the east, you carefully edge up to a car and climb it to get a clear view. There's one of the wandering hordes that frequent the area working its way down the road. They look like mostly shamblers, but you never know.


The other directions look clear leaving you the choice of heading into another ally North, heading down the road West and trying to loop around on a different road or fighting your way through the mob to the east, looks like 6 of them spread out on the road.
> You north, back into the alleyways
You're already heading North so why not continue and see what the old stadium district has to offer? The alleyways always have a chance of hiding a lurking undead but at least you're not out in the open and visible to anyone who wants to look.


You easily slip through several alleyways before hearing a noise behind a closed door. Listening closely you hear some mumbling. mumbling can be very good or very bad. It means it isn't a full undead, so you've either located a survivor or a crazy, theres always a small chance its a harbinger but you highly doubt one would be hiding out in a dingy alley in this area.


Of course you could just bypass it and not take the risk, keeping nice and quiet you can easily slip past and maybe even make the stadium district by nightfall. Then again finding an actual survivor is never to be passed up.
> You take it Slow and Careful as you Open the Door
You carefully test the door and almost have it open enough to slip inside when the hinges squeak, this also causes the mumbling to suddenly stop. Well its took late to go back so you quickly open the door the rest of the way and duck in, moving quickly to the side incase of gunshots.


Nothing happens and you aren't hearing movement so whatever was in here is now hiding. You edge forward and take in you surroundings. A dingy small damp room with equipment caged all along the far wall and piles of trash and random looking objects strewn everywhere. Some sort of access room for the air-con of the building behind it you think to yourself as you ready your bat.


You decide that the careful friendly approach might work best since you can't see anyone in the room "Is someone there?" you softly call out. Theres silence for a few moments before you hear a quiet chuckle from the pile of trah nearest your left side.


"Thats just great, its a crazy after all." you think to yourself. You ready your bat and carefully walk forward until your just past the pile when they jump out at you, bursting into a loud gleeful cackle as they swing their pipe at your head. Luckily this is just what you were counting on and as they jump you spin  and land a solid blow to their ribs, sending them crashing to the floor.


You move to check if they were really a crazy or just a traumatized survivor but you see dried blood around their mouth and they are still trying to get up to attack with shattered ribs so either way they just need to be put down.


You're kind and finish it quickly and cleanly before checking the room and body, packing some food for later and heading back out. "Only a crazy but hey, I have more food in my pack now than I did before so I count a win." you think to yourself as you head further North.
> You night in the Northern Alleys
You travel until dusk is well underway before trying to locate a good place to rest, the ground is dangerous as the monster types are more active during the dark hours this close to the city centre but its difficult to find secure high up rooms since they are usually magnets for the walkers and crazies.


Theres a nice building up ahead though, maybe an old hotel. You can se the fire escape is still standing and could use it to get into an upper room or you could see about the basement and lock yourself into a secure area there since basements usually have nice heavy doors and solid walls.
> You hotel basement for the Night
The basement is closer and a solid door should hold off anything that comes by, you can always rely on the stupidity of shamblers so even if they follow you, they can't tell the difference between a door and a wall if you keep quiet.


You force the lock on the entrance door and head down a short flight of stairs and through another door at the bottom  to find yourself in a small square room with the buildings power and heating equipment in it. nothing is working so you wont have to worry about the noise at least.


You close both doors then use the two wooden pallets you find to lightly barricade the inner door. looking around you find the rest of the room completely empty so lay down your sheet and begin to rest for the night.


Its not too long before you hear the howling some distance off and reach for your bat. Howling means mutant types and most likely dogs, your really don't want to fight a dog pack again. Last time you did that nearly nearly left you ripped into pieces and eaten.


You hold your breath but when the howl is heard again its much closer, close enough to be on your scent. You swear and jump to your feet, you can make a mad dash outside and try and get somewhere up high where they can't follow or you hope they pass you by/the doors hold out.
> You run for higher ground
You grab your things and wrench the flimsy barricade away from the door before sprinting outside, the howling is loud enough now that you're certain they are after you. Seeing a lumbering mass of teeth and muscle turn into the alleyway from the South just confirms your fears as you sprint up the fire escape, pulling the bottom section up after you. You know that the virus has made the dogs stronger faster and much much more dangerous than they were before so you keep sprinting up the fire escape only pausing briefly to see what is coming after you.


Its hard to see in the dark but theres defiantly 3 or 4 smaller shadows following the larger one and they are moving at speed now towards the building. You resume sprinting until you close to the roof which you find is a single ladder to the top. You scramble up then lean over the edge to see what is going on below.


You see a lot of movement punctuated by barks and yelps when you think you make out one of the dogs leaping off a dumpster onto the fire escape, it creaks lower under its weight allowing more to jump on and within seconds its on the ground with the dogs surging up after you.


You stand and ready your bat. You assume the big one is the alpha and wont be able to jump high enough to reach you due to all the muscle it carries, you think it must weigh as much a a small car. The smaller ones however could probably get up to you if they were persistent so you going to have to fend them off.


You glance round the rest of the roof and see no movement so prepare for the attack.


The first dog to reach the top it pretty lithe compared to the others meaning it still looks like a Doberman on steroids and makes a jump at you, scrabbling at the ladder to try and get purchase. its head lines up nicely at your waist height and you meet it with a solid blow to the skull crashing it down onto its companions as they arrive. They ignore it and all start jumping at you keeping you fully occupied taking swings at them as they start to get purchase on the roof but not landing any more definitive hits.


Your starting to get concerned when you hear glass smashing and see several windows are being broken out by undead inside. the dogs quickly loose interest in you in favor of the easier option of readily available food and launch into an all out attack on the shamblers trying to get out towards the noise.


You take the opportunity to rest and watch the fight unfold. The Shamblers are clearly just trying to reach the source of the noise while the dogs are actively attacking and trying to rip them apart. The shamblers only seem to fight back after an attack is aimed at them specifically, ignoring the others being taken down.


The mutants do easily the most damage at first, tearing several undead completely apart before they get too frenzied and start lashing out in all directions. One leaps in through the window and you hear lots of barking and growling before finally growing quiet and a shambler missing its left arm drags itself through the window. "One got itself overwhelmed" you think to yourself. You see another getting its rear leg bitten into by a shambler on the ground and hear the snap of the bone breaking before it pulled it away but it stays up and fighting until the huge muscled mutant and last smaller one tore the last of the shamblers apart.


You watch the three surviving dogs feast on the shamblers before heading back down the fire escape and disappearing South again out of the alleyway.


You finally relax and rest until first light when you head down into the alley again and start off North, you've got to be within a few hours of the stadium district now.
> You into the stadium district
You can tell by the changing architecture that you are nearing the stadium, just a few hours walking at most before you'll reach it. You aren’t too confident about finding food and supplies there but between the holdouts and the military trying to keep the stadium safe, as a refuge you think there shouldn’t be many dead up here. They do wander, though but you get the odd impression that they never wander too far from where they died, circling endlessly for months before their flesh gives up and they become prey for the others.


As you get closer you begin to see the signs of battle everywhere, buildings collapsed, old craters, and burnt out cars. They had lasted a really long time in that stadium. You never went too close yourself but you occasionally saw the lights and the signs from tall buildings or when you were scavenging nearby.


Over-confidence had been their end, just as you had predicted. Their regimented daily armored patrols, scavenging squads and clearance teams had, over the years, given way to weekly lightly armed excursions and missed guard duties. Their initial efforts probably cleared 95% of the infected in the area so they rarely if ever spotted one.


You heard from a few survivors you ran into right after what had happened.


“The patrols were just for show and guards rarely bothered to turn up to their shifts by the end. One patrol team went out to do a mix of scavenging and clearing but they were all young had no idea what the early days were like. They went right inside some store on the outskirts of their territory without even checking for infected. A couple got bit when they found a shambler in a locked office. One turned right away and took two more down because they weren’t ready to kill their friends. The two survivors finished the rest off and headed back to the stadium with their tails between their legs and covered with gore. Of course they immediately brought back all the old rules and regulations about ensuring the guard was always there and sending out veterans with the new kids but it was too late, one of the survivors had ingested some splattered blood during the fight and turned a few days later, sadly into a fast bugger. Went on a rampage biting everyone it saw. The people panicked and ran for the roof but it had been neglected for years and a strut failed, bringing the entire thing down, including part of the wall. Between the panic, the dead and the spreading infected inside it was all over and the survivors scattered and ran. No idea where they came from but a large number of dead swarmed them, as if they had been hiding and waiting all that time just to appear at the worst moment. Most probably died in the first few days to the infected or mutants.”


You keep going as far as you can but the alleys become tighter and clogged with debris, you can keep to the alleys and clamber through them carefully to keep a low profile or you can head out to the main streets and move quickly.
> You keep to the Alleys and move carefully
Keep to the alleys and clamber through them carefully to keep a low profile


You don’t want to risk getting fully exposed right now and decide to risk the alley ways. You make difficult progress at first and have to slow your pace a lot. The alleys are half blocked with trash and even the occasional human remains. Finally you start to find entire alleys blocked by rubble from collapsed buildings and have to climb over it all. It’s not as if you find this level of exercise difficult or anything but the more you climb and clamber over rubble and trash, the more chance of you stumbling right into infected.


Unfortunately this is exactly what happens as you climb over a rubble pile a few minutes later. you just reach the top of the pile which is roughly level with the first floor of the buildings either side when a shambler lurches out from the building to the side and tries to grab you.


You manage to shove it away and avoid its bite but now you aren’t in the best position.
> You bash it with a bat then continue, it's just one shambler afterall
Bash its head in then continue, one shambler won’t even slow you down.


You sling your bat out of your belt loop and dispatch the shambler with a brutal efficiency, no time for playing around right now. You quickly wipe your bat off on its shirt and continue climbing down the rubble pile on the other side.


“Got to pick up the pace a little.” You think to yourself as you climb the next rubble pile, trying to be more prepared of surprises. You are however getting the impression that the rubble is too regular to be an accident. “Must have been the holdouts trying to block the infected and funnel them” you decide as you continue.


It’s only a short time later when climbing a particularly steep pile that the fast type makes an appearance. Normally you can outpace a single one, but halfway up the rubble it comes leaping down at you from above and manages to latch onto your arm before your punches knock it free and you finish it with several good blows with the bat.


“Gorram thing ripped my arm open!” you complain to the air, and indeed you now have an obvious bite wound to the flesh of your left arm which needs binding up.


You pause there to bandage it quickly with strips of cloth. It’s not nearly the worst wound you’ve had and so long as you keep eating enough you heal fast. After a brief pause you continue without further incident until you climb the last rubble pile and see the Stadium ahead of you.
> You approaching the stadium
“Now what?” you mumble to yourself as you look around. The streets behind you are either completely clear or blocked entirely by rubble. “Probably the hold outs work.” you think. The area in front has barricades and ditches leading up the stadium seemingly to prevent groups or vehicles from getting close.


“Guess forward is the best option if I want to get inside that ruin, all the buildings around here are rubble so not much else around.” You decide that your only choices are to try and get inside the stadium or bypass it North, either way you're going to have to cross some barricades so you might as well take a closer look


Scout out the stadium carefully
> You scout the area out
You begin slowly approaching the stadium, checking every ditch and barricade before crossing them, just incase there are any more surprises lurking there. You make relatively quick progress and are halfway through the blockades when you hear something ahead.


You quickly pause and hunker down, taking your time to look ahead to try and locate source of the noise. If your hearing wasn’t so good and you weren’t being so careful you know you would have missed it entirely.


There doesn’t seem to be anything close by and the area right in front of the stadium doors is flat and cleared so nothing there. You are about to put the noise up to your own paranoia when you catch a glimpse of movement on a balcony over the door. There’s a man lying on it, watching you through a rifle scope.


“Gorramit, this place isn’t deserted and now they have me scoped before I can find out what’s happening.” You mumble to yourself. The man with the gun however has clearly realized he was spotted and stands up, along with 2 others to call out to you.


“We know you spotted us so you may as well come out now. Move slowly into the open area in front of the stadium and show us that you aren’t an infected and there will be no problems.”


You’ve been through this drill before, you show you aren’t an infected and they lower the guns. You get inside with the survivors.
> You might as well go along with it again since they haven't fired yet and your currently goal is to find survivors after all.
You know the drill so you may as well go along with it and get inside with the survivors to scout it out at least.


You carefully finish getting through the barricades as they assure you that there are no infected ahead and reach the open ground below them. “Right, drop the weapon and show us your skin!” They call down. You lay the bat and your pack down and even start undoing your shirt before remembering that you have a large bite wound on your arm that really isn’t going to go over well with the men holding the guns. You have little choice left now and finish taking off the shirt revealing your skin and the rough bandage on your left arm to the men above.


Quite predictably you hear the guns being cocked above you. “What’s the bandage for friend?” You hear called down in a distinctly unfriendly tone.
> You can lie about it and just say it was a cut. You arenÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šÂ¬Ã¢â€žÂ¢t showing any other signs to make them suspicious after all
You lie about it and claim you cut it climbing the debris in the alleyways, no point in telling them about the infected biting you. “When I was climbing through the alleyways back there I lost my footing and injured it on some old broken pipe. So I bound it up, as you can see I can still talk normally and show no symptoms! I’ve taken the vaccine after all!”


They quietly confer and lower their guns slightly, so far so good. “Alright, the rest of your skins clear and the right color and you can talk normally. The vaccine doesn’t always protect from direct exposure so can’t be too careful. Just show the wound then we can let you inside.”


You pause and try and think of a way out of showing it but there isn’t much option here. You slip your shirt back on and roll the sleeve up before taking the bandage off. You try and think quickly about what to say if they challenge your story but you are suddenly stopped short.


You hear the loud crack at the same moment as you feel your clavicle disintegrate as if hit by a professional boxer, unfortunately you feel the damage continuing inside, finding when you try to breath, blood comes out of your mouth instead.


You collapse back and vaguely hear the man arguing before everything turns black.


“He lied; it’s a bite, look at it!”


“He has no symptoms you idiot, he’s probably immune and was just wor…”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You know the drill so you may as well go along with it and get inside with the survivors to scout it out at least.


You carefully finish getting through the barricades as they assure you that there are no infected ahead and reach the open ground below them. “Right, drop the weapon and show us your skin!” They call down. You lay the bat and your pack down and even start undoing your shirt before remembering that you have a large bite wound on your arm that really isn’t going to go over well with the men holding the guns. You have little choice left now and finish taking off the shirt revealing your skin and the rough bandage on your left arm to the men above.


Quite predictably you hear the guns being cocked above you. “What’s the bandage for friend?” You hear called down in a distinctly unfriendly tone.
> You own up but point out that you have taken the vaccine and bites donÃ¢â‚¬â„¢t affect you.
No Point in lying about it now.


You call up to them carefully, preparing to run if needed.


“Firstly I’ve had the vaccine and had bites before with no affect. It’s a bite wound, from a fast bugger back in the alleyways. I’m not hiding anything!”


You see one of the men react and take aim at you, you’re about to dodge when the one who is clearly in charge swats his gun to the side and the shot misses you by a few feet. “Put that gun down you idiot, what the hell you think you’re doing?” he shouts


“He’s been bit! He admitted it!” the man replies clearly panicked.


“And he has no symptoms, he also has been bitten before and no reaction so obviously the vaccine works for him. Are you mentally challenged or something?”


He turns back to you. “Sorry about that, he’s just a little panicky at the moment even if he knows full well the vaccine protects some people from all exposure, even bites. We are letting you in, but be warned; you’re being quarantined until we can be sure.”


You collect your things and head inside. “So the vaccine protects some people from bites as well as the airborne strain but others get infected by it regardless. Good to know.” You think as you head inside and find more guns pointed your way.


“Seems your skin is the right color, you can still bleed and still talk but you’ve been bitten. It’s a few days in our quarantine for you my friend.” One of them says to you.


You quickly find yourself in a locked room in some basement area where you stay undisturbed until you judge its night time, a lamp on the outside wall giving some light through the door’s window. A soldier finally arrives to take a look at the wound. “Don’t worry mate, I’m a military doctor so I’m just here to take a look at that bite of yours.” He says as you let him take the bandage off and put a fresh proper one on it. “There, got it wrapped up properly now, I thought you said you just got it in the alleyway, it looks at least a couple of days of healing there?”


You think quickly. “Oh I got it in the alleys, just not today, I’ve been clambering around in there for days now, I had no idea anyone was left here so I’ve been slowly making my way as I scavenge.”


You watch his face and it seems he buys it. “Yeh, after the collapse almost everyone died or fled. Some of us are back now and making a new start. Well back in a day or two to make sure you haven’t gone crazy on us or anything. Longest I ever heard before a man turned was 3 days, and he just became a crazy so if you’re still you when you see me next I’ll get you outa here.”


You’re left a tray of food as the door is once more locked. And a few more hours pass with no noise outside the door.
> You time to break out of here, youÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šÂ¬Ã¢â€žÂ¢re stronger than most and a few good charges will bust the door wide open.
There’s no way you’re staying locked up in here, not when you’re close to a perfect food source that will last you months, you’re hungers back again stronger than ever for some reason too. Time to act on it!


You get yourself prepared and listen at the door but hear nothing there; you back off and charge the door with your shoulder. You feel it crack but it’s not open yet. You back off and try again, this time smashing through as the bolts give way.


You’re just about to congratulate yourself on your own strength when the shouting catches your attention. Guards are coming down the stairs just 20 feet to your right. Seems smashing a door open makes a lot of noise.


You sprint at them and catch them off guard near the base of the steps, they clearly didn’t expect your speed or strength as you punch one in the chest, feeling his ribs crack.


The others react better, trying to raise their guns. You move quickly and swat one to the side, punching the guy in the throat before spinning on the last guard. You can see in his eyes that he just simply want prepared to fight anything as fast or strong as you as he fires and misses right before you kill him too.


You quickly ensure they are all dead and are about to leave when your hunger gets the better of you and you take a moment to grab one of the men’s knives to hack a chunk of flesh off which you eat ravenously.


As soon as you have eaten and your hunger subsides your senses return somewhat. “What am I doing? I can’t waste time eating here when more guards will be coming.” You think. You glance around but the tunnel is blocked off at the other end and the only way is up the stairs. You can also already hear a lot of guards up there shouting and cocking weapons for you.


“Bloody hungers gotten me killed, guess that bite did have some affect after all.”


You back off, trying to think of a plan when the new guards arrive. At least a dozen with guns, all ready to fire and pointed your way. Once they see what’s happened they simple swear and some look like they are about to fire when one man steps a little forward and raises a hand.


“HOLD!” he looks behind to ensure the men obey before turning back to you. “SO you smashed through a solid door, killed three armed guards and ate some of their flesh, all while not acting crazy. Welcome to our holdout harbinger.”


The men all start swearing and some are clearly getting itchy trigger fingers despite the hold order.


You finally reply. “Well this isn’t exactly how I wanted to be found out but getting bitten earlier today seemed to send my hunger into overdrive. But yes I am indeed a harbinger, I usually only get to tell people before they die rather than before I do but I guess I had a good run and ate my fair share of people” you end with a bit of a grin, awaiting the bullets.


“Oh you won’t die so easily.” The Capt. Replies. You are about to question him when he gives the order to shoot your knees and elbows. It seems like every man there was just waiting for the chance and you feel you limbs practically disintegrate from all the shots.


“Bind the wounds and retrain him, we have experiments to conduct.” You hear as you lose consciousness.


You survive the experiments for several weeks due to your advanced healing and innate strength before your mind and body finally give out to the torture, it seems they found out little of use, but many of them defiantly felt better as they tortured you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No Point in lying about it now.


You call up to them carefully, preparing to run if needed.


“Firstly I’ve had the vaccine and had bites before with no affect. It’s a bite wound, from a fast bugger back in the alleyways. I’m not hiding anything!”


You see one of the men react and take aim at you, you’re about to dodge when the one who is clearly in charge swats his gun to the side and the shot misses you by a few feet. “Put that gun down you idiot, what the hell you think you’re doing?” he shouts


“He’s been bit! He admitted it!” the man replies clearly panicked.


“And he has no symptoms, he also has been bitten before and no reaction so obviously the vaccine works for him. Are you mentally challenged or something?”


He turns back to you. “Sorry about that, he’s just a little panicky at the moment even if he knows full well the vaccine protects some people from all exposure, even bites. We are letting you in, but be warned; you’re being quarantined until we can be sure.”


You collect your things and head inside. “So the vaccine protects some people from bites as well as the airborne strain but others get infected by it regardless. Good to know.” You think as you head inside and find more guns pointed your way.


“Seems your skin is the right color, you can still bleed and still talk but you’ve been bitten. It’s a few days in our quarantine for you my friend.” One of them says to you.


You quickly find yourself in a locked room in some basement area where you stay undisturbed until you judge its night time, a lamp on the outside wall giving some light through the door’s window. A soldier finally arrives to take a look at the wound. “Don’t worry mate, I’m a military doctor so I’m just here to take a look at that bite of yours.” He says as you let him take the bandage off and put a fresh proper one on it. “There, got it wrapped up properly now, I thought you said you just got it in the alleyway, it looks at least a couple of days of healing there?”


You think quickly. “Oh I got it in the alleys, just not today, I’ve been clambering around in there for days now, I had no idea anyone was left here so I’ve been slowly making my way as I scavenge.”


You watch his face and it seems he buys it. “Yeh, after the collapse almost everyone died or fled. Some of us are back now and making a new start. Well back in a day or two to make sure you haven’t gone crazy on us or anything. Longest I ever heard before a man turned was 3 days, and he just became a crazy so if you’re still you when you see me next I’ll get you outa here.”


You’re left a tray of food as the door is once more locked. And a few more hours pass with no noise outside the door.
> You wait it out. WhatÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s a couple of days in solitary when youÃ¢â‚¬â„¢ve spent years doing it?
You feel hungry, far more hungry than normal and eating the lukewarm rations provided for you doesn’t hurt at all, but you’ve decided to wait it out. If you had your pack it wouldn’t be so bad since you had a few meat strips left in there but your bat and bag are gone for now.


You curl up on the cot and spend the entire night trying to ignore your hunger.


As it turns morning you hear someone approaching and a tray of food is left inside the door for you. You didn’t sleep well however once you eat the rations and rest again for a bit the hunger isn’t as bad. Lunch and dinner pass with more food provided. It doesn’t seem to agree with you at all, and you’re not surprised by that, however the hunger has passed and you spend the third night mostly sleeping pretty well all things considered.


You aren’t surprised the next day when the army medic returns and leaves the door open behind him. “Quick test then your free to join the rest of what is left of society!”


You are finally directed up into an atrium where you find four guards waiting for you. The medic disappears into a side room and the four take charge of leading you around.
> You inside the stadium doors
The four lead you to a room where you’re made to hand over your things and strip to your underwear while two of them check you for marks and prick your arms, causing you to bleed a little. Finally after discussion they let you get dressed and welcome you to the area.


“Sorry about all the security but after what happened before, we can’t be too careful.” They tell you as you emerge into the center of the stadium. “The roof came down with the wall but as you can see it held mostly intact and covered over two thirds of the space down here.” You look up and see the roof lying on the lowest level of the seats, leaving plenty of room underneath for a small community, a few holes near the top letting the light in. “It also blocked off all but two of the tunnels with rubble so it kind of fixed the defense issue for us too.”


“How many of you are here now?” you ask looking at the small group.


“Only about 40 for now, we are hoping for more to arrive slowly as we have been getting the word out that it’s a safe zone now. Sorry again about all the checks but we have to be extra careful now of who we let in.”


“You mentioned that before, I thought it was some survivor that got infected that caused everything?” you reply while thinking to yourself  ‘Might as well get what information I can while they are still talking and the higher ups haven’t come sniffin to make life difficult.’


“That’s what we thought but some of the military guys saw more of what was happening than most of us, said that the infected outside had moved in close overnight and the ones inside behaved weirdly. Didn’t attack and eat like normal, they went on biting sprees, like spreading fresh infection was their goal. Like they were organized. We think they were led by a harbinger! So now we check everyone for bite marks, greying skin or lack of bleeding from small cuts to make sure they aren’t one!”


“You idiots, those are just myths” you think to yourself “Harbingers looks nearly identical to normal humans, well I guess I won’t be the one to tell you the truth at least.”


You finally see a man in full dress uniform approach


“Here we go” you mutter under your breath.


The man approaches you and is, to your surprise, very congenial. He welcomes you to their little hold out and asks only a few cursory questions before excusing himself to go and check on the other lookouts. He does make you affirm that if you would like to stay you would be willing to help out with defense if needed.


“Well that wasn’t so bad.” You mutter just loud enough for your guards to hear.


One laughs and responds. “A nice guy in charge? Yeh, rare enough I suppose, but people wouldn’t still follow the Capt. if he was an ass would they! Come on we will show you around.”


You follow them around the accessible areas under the roof and see the paths up to the balcony where the men were on guard, you also notice that there are higher balconies with men in soldier’s uniforms on them. “Probably good I didn’t run” you think to yourself as you see the tents and shacks set up for sleeping and the tunnels used for storage.


“Well that’s pretty much it.” One of the men says, looking around him. “Obviously there used to be a lot more here before the collapse but this is just the start. Once word spreads and more survivors gather we can tidy the place up more.”


You think for a moment before speaking again. “Isn’t there some big group to the East of the city doing well, I heard a rumor about it some months back.”


The guard smiles knowingly before responding. “It’s true! We had contact with them some time back via a series of radios we were setting up in the city. This was right before the collapse O’course. Seems that they got a really good thing going out there, clean food and water, even fields and solar panels up for power! Sadly when the roof came down, it took out our good radio equipment and most of the relays in the city are unreachable now without the manpower we used to have. We might not have enough men here to push through but we think if we hold out here and gather a good community then we can scout a safe route through the North of the city to the river and cross there. For now we are going to be the western safe zone for people unable to pass the city. You wouldn’t believe the monsters we used to kill in there when we had out jeeps and heavy guns. Most people that try and get through the city to the bridges die trying or turn back having lost their friends, some tried to circle up North or South well past the city limits but seems that there are infected and mutants out there too and no way to safely cross the river unless you carry a boat.”


He trails off and you can see he is thinking of past friends, he was probably one of the ones who tried to get through and failed.


“Well I better go get my stuff back and find a place to rest.” You state. The guards give you a nod and let you wander back to the entrance tunnel to collect your gear. You get pointed to your new temporary home, a small tent on the old pitch. Considering you half expected to get killed as soon as you saw the men with the guns this day has really turned out in your favor!
> You your new home at the stadium
You make some more small talk that evening then retire to your tent, you had learned something new and important today. They all seemed to strongly believe a Herald had somehow led and controlled the infected, even the ones inside the stadium. Some blamed him for planning the entire thing and that the infected had attacked the strut when it fell. Hard to believe but after seeing what the infection was able to do to some animals you were willing to give the idea a chance. That also meant that even if they had no idea what Heralds were really like, there must have been one in the area only a year or so ago and still might be. You were going to have to be extra careful with your planning for now.


The second important thing was that they had a few shamblers trapped down in some old storage rooms, they experimented on them for good ways to hurt them and how long they lasted without food.


You have choices to make in the morning.
> You first light in the stadium
A quiet ringing wakes you at first light. “Huh a near silent alarm, smatter than a loud one I guess.” You say to yourself as you get ready. You glance through your bag. They had left your last few strips of dried meat in there so you start chowing down on one as you head out. They said you had a few days to decide what you’d be doing but if you chose to stay more than that, then you would have to be useful to them in some way, guard duty and scavenging seemed to be the implied option. You had some time though.
> You check out the caged shamblers
They are keeping shamblers fully contained for experiments, with everything you’ve heard recently it’s just too tempting to pass up a little look at what’s going on. You know the rough location and after finding the stairs down, you emerge into a basement area with several doors leading off it. You also find two guards who ask what you’re looking for.


“I heard there were some shamblers in cages being tested here and wanted to have a look. Its not often you get to see they relatively close without having to run away after all.” You joke.


Luckily neither of them seems to think this is too out of the ordinary. “Yeh most new guys end up down here once they hear about it. Go on through and the doc can show you what’s up. Door gets locked behind you though, safety first.” He adds with a wink.


You get let through a heavy door into a side corridor and indeed you hear the sound of a reassuringly large bolt being secured behind you. At the end of the corridor you see an open door with the lights on so head there first, passing two doors on either side with heavy bolts on them. You find a man in military uniform at a desk, writing in a book. He looks up at your arrival.


“Ah the newest new guy! I wondered if you’d find your way down here. Most of them do once they hear about our test subjects. Let me show you around!”


At first you are a little taken aback by his willingness to show you everything having only just met you but after a few minutes it becomes clear that he isn’t divulging important secrets, he’s an army medic acting as the stadiums doctor and their tests amount to two shamblers being starved slowly to death on one side of the corridor and two having weapons tested on them through slots in the door on the other. One still has a crossbow bolt in its upper leg, giving it a limp.


“That’s about it sadly.” He sums up for you. “We had string tied to the bolts to get them back easily but that one caught on the bone so the string snapped. We did find out that destroying their joints and muscles is effective in slowing them down and they will die from large trauma, not just neural damage. So shooting knees and legs will stop them chasing you faster than a snail and body shots can kill them despite what anyone else says. We proved it with a fast bugger we found down here. 2 shots in the chest and he went down. Sure they can keep going with far more damage than a normal human but most things still work on them eventually.”


You nod along, filling the information at the back of your mind for later, it matches up with your findings as well.


“I’m guessing the closer to human they are, the easier they go down then? The crazies seem to be just like humans, the fast ones a little tougher and the shamblers just soak up damage if it’s not the head.”


The man smiles and nods. “A man of experience. I assume the vaccine gave you full protection if you were able to test all of that out. You are right of course, the further from human they go, the tougher they get, taking more normal damage to kill them. Destroying the neural center is always effective though, headshots I mean. It’s easier if you don’t think of them as human.”


He peeks through the windows a few more times before heading back to his office. “You’re welcome to stay and test things out on number 4, just never remove a lock no matter how dead they look.”


The doors have large numbers on them so number 4 turns out to be the one with a crossbow bolt in its leg.


“So it seems you are the expendable one.” You say quietly through the small slot. “You’ll be seeing more of me soon.”


You head back up into the light to make up an excuse for being there so much and decide on something basic, you head off in search of materials in the rubble.
> You testing time
You exchange pleasantries with a few of the others in the stadium while you search and give the impression that you will probably choose to stay but just need a day or two to decide. A few even give you a hand in your search and after a couple of hours you have some forked metal the right size and shape and industrial elastic cable housing to make a high powered slingshot.


You grab various possible projectiles from pebbles to bits of jagged metal and head back down to speak to the doc. You explain that you’ve always wanted to test how shamblers react to projectile damage as a way of killing them quietly. He has no issues but tells you that you’ll have to write down your findings. You get a small notebook with columns to fill out for weapon name and type, type of damage, effect on the shambler, tissue types… the list goes on but you know it’ll be fairly easy to fill out once you shoot them a few times. You glance a few pages back to see what else has been tried.


“Huh, a flamethrower.” You say out loud.


The Doc. Overhears from his office and calls out. “Highly effective, turned it into a walking torch and killed it in seconds, made a huge mess and bad smell though. Sadly ran out of fuel.”


You shrug and get to work. You leave the slot on door number four and lean up against the opposite wall. You wait for it to wander into view and let fire with a small rock. Your slingshot is extremely powerful, to the point that a average male couldn’t even draw it properly but with your strength you can get it back a fair distance. The pebble hits at speed and pierces the skin of its abdomen. You note down your findings and tries out a few different projectiles. The small jagged metal pieces beaten into roughly a ball shape seem to win for the moment, you manage to shatter its clavicle with one and break its wrist with another.


The doctor makes an appearance and glances through your notes. “Excellent, I can add all this to the data later on.” He says as much to himself as to you as he heads off out on some errand.


Once he is gone you move closer to the door and pretend to be writing in the book just in case anyone is watching you.


“So number 4, if you had any brain left you’d know by now that in our relationship, I am in charge, I can hurt you at will and you can do nothing, but you don’t really have a brain left do you?” You receive the silence that you expected so carry on.


“I’ll be here a lot ‘testing’ weapons and other things on you but I have bigger plans for you and your brothers if some rumors I have been hearing work out.”


You take your time there, concentrating, until you’ve used up all your makeshift ammo, you write a few more notes for the doc. Then head back up for lunch.
> The testing continues
Over the next two days you spend a lot of you time down ‘testing’ out various things on number 4, since you obviously had no qualms hurting the shamblers the doc and a couple of others even gave you their ideas to use on it which you did happily as it gave you more excuses to be down there.


You also had your chat with the Capt. and said you’d be wanting to stay and would obviously help out with guard duty and scavenging if needed but hoped you could keep helping the doc too. He agreed and gave you half time guard duty and half time being the doc’s new assistant for the coming week to see how it worked out.


You use the arrangement to your advantage and get to spend most of your evenings down with the shamblers.


It’s 5 days before you make a break through, not a big one, but you defiantly notice something. You’ve been testing various weapons and objects on Number 4, as you call him, every day while concentrating hard and you were even beginning to doubt anything would happen when you hit him in there eye with a rusty bolt and you feel a slight twinge in your mind.


You spend the next hour trying to concentrate on where and how you felt that twinge and when you fire the next bolt into its chest, you feel it again, a little clearer. The rest of the evening and a little into the night is spent this way until you are certain you can feel the shamblers presence with your mind and can tell when it feels pain.


“So, the rumors are true, harbingers ARE able to use their minds in ways normal humans can’t. Next I work on controlling them.” You think as you head to sleep
> You morning revelations
You wake in the morning and realize that you can already feel the presence of the shamblers in the basement below without having to concentrate on it. You also get a hazy feeling throughout the stadium that you can’t pin down yet. You quickly eat breakfast with the other guards and head up to your post while eating your last meat strip. “The last of that crazy I killed a while back” You think as you set up on your balcony. Luckily you are alone today on a not very important post so you can relax and concentrate on the new sensations you mind is feeding you. After a few hours you find the haziness resolve into pockets that move about and decide that it must be linked to the normal people in the stadium. You can’t get anything stronger from the shamblers yet but if you made this much progress just by sleeping on it, who knows what I can do in a few more days.


That evening you take a long pole with a spike on the end down, it will give you a good excuse to be close to the door for long periods of time while you pretend to stab at number 4.


Once you are seated and staring at him the sensations gets strong and you can easily tell when it feels pain from being stabbed. “Huh, you don’t outwardly respond but the pains still there, interesting.”


Two more days pass of these mornings concentrating and evenings testing and by the end you can tell what is happening to number 4 or any of the other 3 shamblers even from up in the stadium. While you were eating lunch, you felt that number 4 got stabbed in the left shoulder, and sure enough when you went down, there was the doc writing down that stabbing it through the shoulder join restricted its movement in that arm.


“I’m testing if it recovers from its injuries now so please avoid its shoulder and arm for now if you test more.” He says as he passes you the book and heads up to eat.


It’s now been several days since you arrived and you ran out of human flesh days ago. The food they give you doesn’t sit well or seem to quench your hunger but the progress you are making is distracting you enough that you can ignore it for now. You are even getting on well with several of the others in the stadium which gives you doubts for the first time about your original plans to kill them all and feed off them. You could probably volunteer for a scavenging mission to try and get some food out there but you’d probably only manage to get hold of some shambler flesh and it was simply not the same as normal flesh. Seemed just like the toughness, the further from human they got, the less useful their flesh was.


But for now you move onto the next stage, time to make the puppet dance for you.


You concentrate hard of the feeling you get from what you presume is the remains of the shamblers mind and try to make it lift its right arm into the air with little success, however, over the next few hours you see the arm twitch and eventually it responds and you see it lifting its arm up over its head.


You lean back against the opposite wall feeling elated by your success when the doc returns.


“Hey! You’ve got the mother of all nose bleeds there! Let me grab some gauze.” He heads into his office and returns quickly while you dab at your own nose, seems you were concentrating so hard you didn’t even feel it happening. You do however now feel fairly light headed so after being cleaned up and making your excuses you head up to lie down in your tent and very unusually fall asleep for the whole evening and night.


The morning brings the final revelation and the decisions. You wake to a solid feeling of not only where the four shamblers are, but roughly what they are doing. Concentrating easily makes number 4 turn in a circle and only a little more effort is required to make the others do the same. A slight tingling at the reaches of your mind tells you that you can sense other infected out in the alleys near the stadium.


“Time to make a choice. This mind stuff seems like a muscle, the more I use it, the stronger I get. Sleeping after a breakthrough only seems to reinforce it too. In days I’m certain I’ll be able to control small groups of the shamblers at the same time so I’ll have to start testing on the other types next. Can’t get anything from the normals other than a hazy feeling though.”


You’re a Harbinger and you’ve eaten people for years, time to flex those powers, use the shamblers to help you wipe the stadium survivors out.


You are a harbinger, but you aren’t sure you want to attack these people right now. Stay playing nice as you are while you train your powers, maybe get out on some scavenges to test yourself further.
> You you're a Harbinger and you've eaten people for years, time to flex those powers, use the shamblers to help you wipe the stadium survivors out.
Time to make your move, you are inside with four shamblers you can control and it’s time to feast!


You wait until after breakfast when everyone splits up and head down to see the Doc, you find him leaning over some books in his office like normal so you head right inside and shut the door behind you.


“What can I help you with.” He asks, giving you a quick smile before turning back to his books. You look round and see one of the blades that had been used to experiment on number 4. You lift it and walk carefully up behind the doc as you talk.


“I have just a minor problem I need solved, I’ve been feeling very hungry lately and the rations here don’t really solve it.


He starts to turn to answer you when you strike and stab him in the throat, preventing him from shouting out, you watch him die with only the faintest hint of remorse before you feel that last flicker of humanity disappear once more and you feast on him for a few minutes. You quickly clean the blood off yourself and head back out, tapping on the door to be let through to the security area.


Only two guards and you are a lot faster than a normal human. You strike quickly, catching one in the throat and stabbing the other in the chest, clamping your free hand over his mouth before he can shout for help. You quickly drag them into the corridor before releasing the four shamblers who were to be the start of your little army, you concentrate hard but find it is easy to prevent them from attacking you and they quickly obey your compulsions to feed on the dead guards.


Finally prepared, you head back out the door and to the base of the stairs, you can feel something fuzzy headed your way so you hide the shamblers round the corner and lean against the wall, trying to seem carefree as you see another guard heading down towards you. You give him a smile and a nod which he begins to return before looking at your trousers and pausing several steps away.


You glance down and realize that one trouser leg has a lot of blood on it, must have been from dragging the guards. You look back up and start to go for the guard but he is already raising his gun, you bat it aside and stab him had enough in the chest to feel multiple ribs crack under your fist however his gun goes off with a loud crack.


You swear and immediately head up the stairs with your shamblers only to find several other guards running your way, you try to charge them but being seem with blood on you and in the company of the four shamblers means they start firing first.


Even with your speed you don’t make it more than a few feet before the bullets bring you down.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake in the morning and realize that you can already feel the presence of the shamblers in the basement below without having to concentrate on it. You also get a hazy feeling throughout the stadium that you can’t pin down yet. You quickly eat breakfast with the other guards and head up to your post while eating your last meat strip. “The last of that crazy I killed a while back” You think as you set up on your balcony. Luckily you are alone today on a not very important post so you can relax and concentrate on the new sensations you mind is feeding you. After a few hours you find the haziness resolve into pockets that move about and decide that it must be linked to the normal people in the stadium. You can’t get anything stronger from the shamblers yet but if you made this much progress just by sleeping on it, who knows what I can do in a few more days.


That evening you take a long pole with a spike on the end down, it will give you a good excuse to be close to the door for long periods of time while you pretend to stab at number 4.


Once you are seated and staring at him the sensations gets strong and you can easily tell when it feels pain from being stabbed. “Huh, you don’t outwardly respond but the pains still there, interesting.”


Two more days pass of these mornings concentrating and evenings testing and by the end you can tell what is happening to number 4 or any of the other 3 shamblers even from up in the stadium. While you were eating lunch, you felt that number 4 got stabbed in the left shoulder, and sure enough when you went down, there was the doc writing down that stabbing it through the shoulder join restricted its movement in that arm.


“I’m testing if it recovers from its injuries now so please avoid its shoulder and arm for now if you test more.” He says as he passes you the book and heads up to eat.


It’s now been several days since you arrived and you ran out of human flesh days ago. The food they give you doesn’t sit well or seem to quench your hunger but the progress you are making is distracting you enough that you can ignore it for now. You are even getting on well with several of the others in the stadium which gives you doubts for the first time about your original plans to kill them all and feed off them. You could probably volunteer for a scavenging mission to try and get some food out there but you’d probably only manage to get hold of some shambler flesh and it was simply not the same as normal flesh. Seemed just like the toughness, the further from human they got, the less useful their flesh was.


But for now you move onto the next stage, time to make the puppet dance for you.


You concentrate hard of the feeling you get from what you presume is the remains of the shamblers mind and try to make it lift its right arm into the air with little success, however, over the next few hours you see the arm twitch and eventually it responds and you see it lifting its arm up over its head.


You lean back against the opposite wall feeling elated by your success when the doc returns.


“Hey! You’ve got the mother of all nose bleeds there! Let me grab some gauze.” He heads into his office and returns quickly while you dab at your own nose, seems you were concentrating so hard you didn’t even feel it happening. You do however now feel fairly light headed so after being cleaned up and making your excuses you head up to lie down in your tent and very unusually fall asleep for the whole evening and night.


The morning brings the final revelation and the decisions. You wake to a solid feeling of not only where the four shamblers are, but roughly what they are doing. Concentrating easily makes number 4 turn in a circle and only a little more effort is required to make the others do the same. A slight tingling at the reaches of your mind tells you that you can sense other infected out in the alleys near the stadium.


“Time to make a choice. This mind stuff seems like a muscle, the more I use it, the stronger I get. Sleeping after a breakthrough only seems to reinforce it too. In days I’m certain I’ll be able to control small groups of the shamblers at the same time so I’ll have to start testing on the other types next. Can’t get anything from the normals other than a hazy feeling though.”


You’re a Harbinger and you’ve eaten people for years, time to flex those powers, use the shamblers to help you wipe the stadium survivors out.


You are a harbinger, but you aren’t sure you want to attack these people right now. Stay playing nice as you are while you train your powers, maybe get out on some scavenges to test yourself further.
> You are a harbinger, but you aren't sure you want to attack these people right now. Stay playing nice as you are while you train your powers, maybe get out on some scavenges to test yourself further.
You decide that attacking now is pointless, you’d not be strong enough to take out all of the armed guards without the risk of getting shot and you are getting on well with a few of them.


You spend the next few days more on guard duty and less down in the basement, flexing your abilities from further away to try and strengthen them. You think you can even reach one of two of the nearest ones out in the streets from the balcony.


Finally you talk to the doc and the Capt. and volunteer to go along with a couple of scavenging missions, a couple of days before two men from a team didn’t return so they are happy for the offer of help.


Your first mission goes smoothly as it’s a quick run to a relatively close store which a scout said still had some tins in its store room. For the others it’s a routine food grab but for you, it’s your chance to begin testing your new powers out properly.


Sure you’ve been able to control the shamblers inside the stadium but that was only after days spent concentrating on them. What you needed were some shamblers you hadn’t tried anything on before or even some fast types. Not that you were planning on seeking them out, but if you sensed one close then you could give it a go. You did get closer to a couple of shamblers, finding that it only took you a few moments of hard concentration to get them to do simple tasks like change direction or move a specific limb. Happy with your success you help the others bring what little food there was back to the stadium and volunteered to go out again the next day.
> You mission 2
The second mission begins the same as the first, a team of 4 sent out to check an old store you think might still have some supplies in it. This one is a little further away but it’s to the West and away from the city center so your team is confident that they won’t run into too much trouble.


You set out happily, planning on testing your ability to make the shamblers do more complicated tasks when you quickly sense something slightly different from before, similar to a shambler but… more complicated, where the shambler feels like the last remnants of a broken and dead mind this feels more like a mind that has been twisted and shattered, but not yet dying. You concentrate on it hard for the next few minutes as you walk and realize that it’s moving about, jumping or running from spot to spot. It must be one of the fast ones or crazies.


You walk onwards and soon move out of your range to sense it but an hour or so later you sense another one ahead of you. “As if my test subjects were lining up for me” You joke to yourself as you begin trying to affect its mind. You go through the process as you had with the shamblers, concentrating on sensing them properly first, then getting an idea of their sensations and finally trying to make it react to your prodding.


It takes you about 2 hours but you finally have a good sense of what to do, its definitely a fast type infected and making them follow simple actions is only slightly different to the shamblers so by the time you reach your destination it’s only a couple of streets away but you have it walking in circles on command.


“Dude, you hit your face of something?” one of the men quietly calls back to you and you realize that you have a nose bleed again. Not as bad as before but you quickly wipe it clean. “Yeh, sorry, I just get them sometimes.” You say as you clean the blood off. “Guess concentrating that hard on the other infected means I miss a lot, going to have to be more careful.” You think.


You quickly realize that you have all arrived at the store, and there are several more infected in the vicinity. You were concentrating so hard on the one that you missed a second fast type not far off and several nearby shamblers. The rest of your team, completely unaware of the danger just streets away, starts to head into the store to check for the supplies.


“I guess I could go for the big test now.” You think to yourself


The team is contained and you can control the infected, you could use them to take them out as the first step to destroying the stadium hold out or you could force them all far away and help the stadium people for now, some of them are treating you like a real friend after all.
> You take the first step to wiping the stadium out, use the infected to kill the team then eat them before returning
You’ve wasted enough time playing happy families with this small community, your three team-mates will be the first to fall and become your food as you work to wipe them all out. Maybe you’ll even keep a few caged up to eat later, that would be a funny reversal, you think to yourself as you concentrate on all the surrounding infected, drawing them towards the store.


“Just going to wipe all this blood off then I’ll be right in!” you call to the others before climbing on top of an old van across the street. No point in being a sitting duck incase the control isn’t as strong as you hope.


In moments the nearest shambles and fast type appear. “Got about 6 shamblers and two fast types once the other arrives, should be enough” You wait for the second fast type, holding the infected at bay a few metres from the store, it’s harder to stop them once they can hear and smell the human flesh inside but you find, as with all your powers, that as soon as you master it once, it becomes very easy to do again.


You edge them closer to the store until finally one of the men begins walking outside with a bag. You send the fast types rushing at him and he barely has time to react before them knock him to the ground and start feeding off him. The shamblers are only a few feet behind and also start biting into him, ensuring he is dead before the other two scavengers run to the door, guns ready.


The fast types don’t respond instantly and you have to force with all of your will to make them stop feeding and go after the two in the doorway however the seconds lost doing this gets one on them shot and badly injured. You can feel its organs giving out so you ignore it now and concentrate on the other one. It makes it close enough to bite into one of the men’s arm and you get lucky. It seems the vaccine isn’t protecting him from direct exposure since you see his actions slowing down and the strange haze you sense from normal humans diminishes before your eyes. You send the rest of the nearby infected inside after the last survivor. You feel him taking down four of them but finally he gets bitten and overwhelmed.


The infected make no move to come after you despite your proximity so you climb down and take your time to feed off your former team mates.
> You tIme to get back to the stadium for part two
You grab one of the men’s bags, partly full of tins, and carefully clean any trace of blood off your face. Leaving the guns behind, you bash in the head of the slowly dying fast type to make it look like you fought, then head back to the stadium. Once close you start running and panting a little for effect. The guards see you some distance away and they are already with guns aimed past you at the street when you get close. “They swarmed us, I was the only one fast enough to get away!” you call up. The gate opens and you are ushered inside quickly before seeing it being barricaded again from the inside.


You tell your story about seeming to be ambushed by them when you were in the store a couple more times and it seems like everyone is buying it. Just a few days before the other scavengers to loose teammates told a similar story after all.


You are given the rest of the day and the next one off from duties and spend it relaxing in your tent, simply prying with your mind as far as you could and drawing any infected you find, closer to the stadium. It seems that wherever you leave them, they stay. Sure they wander around nearby streets and buildings sometimes but never too far from where they started and they seem to usually return there.


By dinner of the second day you have a fair number of shamblers and 1 fast type in the surrounding alleyways and buildings and you hear over dinner that everyone is sure that the harbinger had returned. Seem like this sort of thing fitted right into their suspicions. Time to get to work, the food here feels like its poisoning you now the more you eat of it.


You have your army ready and know the enemy defenses perfectly; they think you are one of their defenders after all. At night the doc often sleeps in his office and there are only two guards so you are sure you can get the 4 shamblers out to go wild inside then all you’ll need is to get some on the ones from outside into the stadium to complete your victory. You are considering the best way to do this when you sense all the infected you brought close suddenly begin leaving towards the South and you cannot bring them back no matter how hard you concentrate.


The last one pauses and you can feel that it seems to be waving at you for a few minutes, beckoning you after it almost, before it turns and heads South and eventually out of your range to sense it.


“Well that’s odd.”  You think as you watch it vanish along with your immediate attack plans. “Best bet is that they were right and the original harbinger is back, seems he wants to talk to me too.”


The morning will bring a new decision to make, Go to meet the other harbinger or ignore his summons and take down the stadium yourself with your own army; you’ll just need to gather a new one first.
> You go to meet the harbinger
You wake first thing in the morning to find no other infected have come near to the stadium. “At least he is respectful” you think as you get up. You share a meal with the others as you ponder your next move; however it’s hard to pass on the chance to meet another like you.


You go to see the Capt. right after eating.


You find him with one of his soldiers looking over a map of this part of the city, probably planning some more scavenges. “Um, Sir, mind if we talk?”


He looks up at you then waves the other soldier out leaving the two of you alone. “So what can I help you with?” He asks, having already turned back to his map.


“Well, before I came here I stashed a few things of importance to me, memento’s and the like. I want to go retrieve them. I didn’t really expect this place to be inhabited so I stashed them near my old place to the South.”


The Capt. quickly asks. “Is it within half a day’s walk of here?”


“No, its going to take 2 or three days to get there and back.” You reply.


At first he does not respond and you are finally about to speak up and break the silence when he gives his answer. “I can’t send a team with you, too dangerous but I won’t stop you going alone either. It’s your choice, please send Harry back in.”


You shrug and head outside, finding a soldier waiting outside “The Capt. said to go back in now.” You tell him as you head off back to you tent. “Well I guess that was Harry at least.” You think as you grab your things and head to the gate. You are let out without a second glance, they trust you now afterall, and begin walking South to where you saw the shambler last.


About halfway there you sense it again, South-East of its original position. It waves again and you follow after it, letting it stay a few blocks ahead of you as it leads you South and East of your position.


You walk for the rest of the day before finally being lead to a small shop that looks like it might have been a high class gentleman’s tailor before the infection spread. Very heavy duty shutters are down over most of the windows however the door is uncovered and propped open. You try and sense inside and feel something akin to a bright, almost blinding light inside. You quickly stop trying to sense it but you kept your mind open long enough to realize that there are hundreds of infected of different types in the surrounding buildings.
> You meeting the man
You hear a chuckle from inside and hear an old man’s voice calling to you. “Oh don’t worry so much and come on in, your abilities will grow stronger in time, you are simply less practiced than me!”


You start walking to the door and see and old man with a broom sweeping some near invisible dirt out of the door before standing aside for you to enter.


You walk past him to find yourself in the fanciest tailors you’ve ever seen, with suits you never could have afforded before the infection spread. You glance again at the old man then back to the suits. He is clearly well dressed but not in anything as fine as the clothing in the store.


You hear him chuckling again as pulls the shutters down and closes the door leaving everything in a dim sort of twilight. “Yes I am the tailor not the customer. I made every suit in this store to sell to others but it never felt quite right to wear one myself.” You can make out that he is looking you up and down, clearly not bothered by the lack of light. “You on the hand might need some new clothing; I’ll adjust something for you later. For now let’s head upstairs.” He heads off still holding his broom and you follow him closely, trying not to bump into anything until you reach the second floor and light from the open windows makes it easier to see.


You let him get several feet ahead of you to see him better. He is clearly a frail old man and you begin wondering if he is really strong enough to be the other harbinger when he moves faster than you thought possible and in right in front of you, pinning your arms in a grip that doesn’t even let you move an inch. “Yes indeed I am the harbinger, and yes I am defiantly strong enough.” He releases you and walks over to a small chair beside a table covered with slices of meat. “Come have a seat, and yes, I can read your mind. Your powers are developing but they are still in their infancy, I will train you to use them properly so long as you don’t disappoint me.”


You take a seat and immediately recognize the smell of the meat as fresh human. The old man smiles. “Yes I usually have a couple hanging around in old cellars to keep them fresh for me, my servants bring them to me when they find them and I divide them between myself and my horde.”


He is clearly expecting you to eat, so you do. It’s not as if you haven’t eaten humans before and its nice to have human flesh again, it makes your whole body feel better. “Oh good, I was a little worried that you had sided with humans and might refuse to eat the meat but that’s the first test past. Here is the second.” The old man says to you as a shambler comes in through a previously closed door and begins to lunge for you.


Your old reflexes tell you to go for your bat but your new practice kicks in and you reflexively lash out with your mind instead. You see it suddenly stumble back against a wall as if physically struck, before sinking down and not moving any more. “Ah, and the second test passed too, you didn’t have to kill it though you know?” The old man says to you.


“Erm, sorry about that, it was reflexive and I’ve only been using this ability for a couple of weeks, I didn’t know I could kill them.” You suddenly feel your nose bleeding again and quickly pich it to prevent the blood pouring out on your clothing.


The old man gives you a very happy look. “Only a couple of weeks, well that is great news, it means you are developing very quickly. The quicker the development, the higher the potential! Well I accept you as my student. Over the next few weeks I will be training you in all aspects of your gift, starting with shielding your mind from others, we aren’t the only ones out there you know.”


The old man pauses and looks at you intently. “That is of course if you choose to learn from me, if so I will teach you for a few weeks and you will then aid me in destroying the last holdouts in the stadium, the greater plans will be revealed after that. Or you can leave now.”


You glance around; he isn’t holding a weapon or acting threateningly. You also are pretty sure he didn’t lock the shutter and a glance out the window shows that the streets are clear. You try and sense the infected in the area again but try and block the old man’s mind out as you do so to prevent the painful blindness from before. It somewhat works and you sense that all the infected are right where they were when you sensed them the first time. He clearly isn’t making any obvious moves to trap you.


Choose to stay and learn, it’s what you are after all, a harbinger.


Back out politely and head back to the stadium, you were happier there and the old man is a bit creepy.
> You choose to stay and learn, it's what you are after all, a harbinger.
You think about it carefully, he doesn’t appear to be making any moves to trap you and you were getting to like some of the people back in the stadium, but wasn’t your reason for going there in the first place to eat them? It only makes sense to learn from the experienced harbinger while you can.


You are about to tell him you choice when you realize he is practically grinning from ear to ear. “I can read your mind still, remember? An excellent choice you made too. You thought it through and weighed up the pro’s and Con’s. Excellent, you will learn very quickly under my tutelage, now eat up, there is much to be done!” He says to you happily as he tucks into the meat on the table.


You join him in the meal and feel better about your choice already, predators were made to eat their pray were they not?
> You training time
You spend the next couple of weeks with the old man, you have three meals a day of human flesh and spend most of your waking hours training your mind, you used to sleep only a handful of hours a night but now you collapse into bed each night with the beginnings of a headache.


He trains you hard, you constantly get nosebleeds but he doesn’t push you too hard, it turns out that if you push past the pain of a headache, you can actually fry your own abilities and drive yourself mad, so you are trained until the headaches come, then you rest and eat until they pass.


The training pays off quickly. Within days of accepting your role as a harbinger and training to improve your abilities you feel faster and stronger than ever before, you begin seeing better in the dark and you can control an entire horde while barely trying. You even learn the subtle differences involved in affecting the fast types and mutants minds. You train briefly with crazies but the old man teaches you only enough to fend them off mentally rather than full control “They are unpredictable, forget commands nearly instantly and make terrible subjects who require your constant attention and concentration only to have them be barely more useful as combatants than shamblers.” He told you at one point, and you felt you had to agree. Their minds with the strange mix of haziness and cracks seemed to always shift and move even while you were trying to grasp them.


By the end of the second week you have fully embrace your role as the new alpha predator or the planet. Sure you were once human, but now you are more, evolved beyond what humans thought was possible. You see in nearly pitch black, you move at speeds you couldn’t have imagined and you can punch through solid doors without more than a few scratches on your skin. You can now easily control an extensive horde without much effort and direct small teams separately without difficulty.


One important thing you learned though was that if another harbinger has control of an infected mind, it is extremely difficult to take it from him. The old man can still take infected from you due to his extensive practice but you never come slightly close to taking one from him. It means if another harbinger attacks you, then at least you can try to keep your own troops under command.
> You more mental exercises
You are preparing for the days mental exercises when the old man comes to you. “I did have some interesting exercises for you today however we have more pressing news; I have had my scouts watching the Stadium and their scouts. They have been reaching further and further east in the clear attempt to find a way through to the Eastern colony. Obviously we cannot let that happen, they know too much about the truth of harbingers and my army requires food, not to mention myself of course.


You nod along; it would be good to test out your new abilities on live subjects and it’s not as if you care about the normal anymore, you are better than them. Their predator. The old man goes through his things and pulls out an old map of the bus routes through the city.


“It looks like they are planning to keep to a main route.” He begins. “They have been keeping their main scouting to larger open roads which lead directly East so my assumption is that they plan to move through at speed. Now the tricky thing is, before I brought down the stadium the first time, they had some military jeeps with mounted guns, I had originally presumed that I had destroyed them all however their actions suggest otherwise. We have to assume at least 1 vehicle so I will be blockading the road here.” He points to the map indicating a section of road just after a large corner. “this way they will only see it once they round the bend and I can then block their retreat.


Obviously normally I would co-ordinate everything myself, however with you here I can give you some of my forces to control, leaving me with much better fine control of the assault horde.”


You look over the map for a few moments. “What will my job be then?” You ask.


The Old man smiles, you will have roughly 1/3 or the army, your job will be to close the trap!” He gives you a big smile. “Their captain is an annoyingly smart man and will have backup routes and plans so you must keep your horde hidden until they pass the designated position then close the trap instantly. You can then of course join in the assault from their rear while I handle the front and flanks.”


There isn’t much to argue about so again you simply nod along, you’d rather he split his forces with you 50/50 however you know he is still significantly more powerful than you mentally. You can hold him at bay for a few moments but he can still force his way into your mind whereas you can’t even dent his current defenses you know you are rapidly improving though and you hold out a few seconds longer every time.


The old man rolls his map up and carefully stores it away. “Time for us to be heading out, they could leave any day now and we must be prepared for them!”
> You heading out to the ambush
You take a leisurely pace with the old man and bring your horde along with you, from various trips out around the city you have gathered over 50 infected including 2 mutant cats which you found during a trip to the edge of the city centre, not as strong as the dogs but frighteningly agile and fast. You’re pretty happy with your little horde however as you walk you come into range of more and more of the Old man’s ‘storage points’, buildings where he places large numbers of infected for use later. By the end of the day you can sense hundreds of infected moving around you.


The Old man clearly notices you trying to sense all of them and laughs. “They took me many months to build up again, a large number were originally from the stadium hold-outs before I destroyed it, others I have scavenged where I could to re-build my forces.


You have heard something similar before, the old man clearly lost his hord at some point and you don’t believe it was during the stadium battle, there is clearly something he is holding back from you.


You finally arrive at a small apartment block that is less damaged than the rest in the area and the Old man takes you inside. “This place will have to do, we are only two roads South of where the stadium people should pass so we can begin preparations in the morning.


You head to sleep thinking about what it would mean to wipe out the last survivors in the stadium, and probably the North-West of the city, the Old man had been thorough in hunting them all down.
> You setting up time
With first light you wake and check on your horde “Still right where I left you.” You think as you dress and head down into the street. You had left them all locked in a small hospital clinic you passed a couple of blocks South, you thought it was funny to pack it full of infected. You gather them together near the apartment when the Old man comes to you. “Interesting news, it seems they have left the stadium a few minutes ago!” You turn West and concentrate hard, it’s still many miles away but you get a faint sense of haziness there.


“Now now, don’t strain yourself, you are not practiced enough to sense properly over that distance, it’s even at the limit of my own abilities.” He looks over your Horde. “Excellent, all gathered, well you better get over to the North side and prepare to close the trap, remember that they have a jeep so just standing in the road won’t cut it!” he heads off cheerfully and you feel a large number of infected in a nearby building leave his control, they must be your part of the horde. You take control of them and along with your own horde you head North to look for some good blockade materials.


As you pass North you begin noticing a change, the closer to the Highways, the more cars there are. “Huh, they all went for the highway to escape and blocked each other in.” you mumble as you look around. “Well at least the cars might make the blockade easy enough.


You begin commanding your shamblers to start pushing the cars and taking off handbrakes when you notice the bus on a side road. A large solid looking city bus, easily capable of blocking the main road by itself. “Hah, almost too easy!” you say aloud as you redirect all of your forces to the bus and maneuver it pointing south, it would have to go round a bend to get into position but any closer and they could spot you as they pass so you put a shambler into the driving seat and take careful control of its mind so you can ensure the bus gets where it needs to go.


Then you wait, you carefully send your senses out West again a few times, not pushing it like before and after an few tries you begin to sense them coming closer and closer, moving at a solid pace. “They must all be jogging or running,” you suddenly panick and this they have enough vehicles for all of them but as they approach you realize that they are too spread out to be packed into a vehicle.


You settle back and track their progress, you have at least an hour to watch them approach and after a few minutes begin picking out individuals in the larger haze, you then start trying to assign names to them and think back to your time with them. It occurs to you for the first time in two weeks that you didn’t really need to go through with this. You could betray the old man and help the people from the stadium; they did treat you like a friend after all.


Stop concentrating on the haze; it’s causing you to think funny. You’re a predator and they are just pray


Watching the haze so closely for so long must have brought these thoughts on, however they are correct, why not help them. They helped you before and you are sure they would accept you if you saved them.
> You look away from the haze and attack
You quickly shake off the feelings that the haze is giving you. You concentrate on your little army for a time and quickly feel the thoughts of helping recede and die. “So it’s dangerous to concentrate in the normal’s mind for too long. Well at least I learned it now.”


You are committed and ready; you track the little convoys progress as they get closer and closer along the main road. You avoid concentrating closly on them but they are near enough for you to resolve the shapes of the haze into individual people without concentrating on them. Large crowd following behind a Jeep fits best, that means you plan will work as the jeep won’t have time to back out of the trap.


You finally hear the old man pop trying to politely pop back into your head. He could force his way in but recently he politely ‘Taps’ on your defenses when he wishes to talk mind to mind. You let him in and immediately hear his voice in your mind. “Excellent, they are proceeding exactly as predicted. The trap is set, are you ready?” You quickly mentally go over your hordes positions and plans before answering. “All set. Ready to go the moment the last normal passes by.”


You feel him vanish and assume he is turning his full attention to his horde. You watch and wait as the normal pass by below you and set your horde off on their attack.


The bus starts rolling slowly but quickly picks up speed and within seconds you have to run to keep up with it as you control the shambler in the driver’s seat to ensure it stays on course. It navigates the bend in the road with only a small scrape along an abandoned car and finally come flying out onto the main road only meters behind where the rearmost guards are standing.


You crash it into the buildings on the far side and check your work. The front of the bus is stuck in the now partly destroyed wall of a building and the rear reaches nearly right back to the turning, there is a gap at the back where they could escape but you immediately start moving your horde through it to block them from trying.


You hear the Old man speaking and gunfire starting, the sound of a heavy machine-gun peppered with the softer cracks from rifles and know the attack had begun.


You swarm your own little horde forward to join in the assault, you immediately feel several fall with bullet wounds but the jeeps gun suddenly goes silent and the hordes quickly over-run the convoy, tearing the normals apart.
> You time to clean up
The clean-up doesn’t take long. There are two ‘survivors’ from the assault who are taken away by the old man to be kept fresh until he was ready to kill and eat them, the rest are given to the horde along with their own dead and everything is consumed within minutes. The Old man finally makes a personal appearance and heads your way.


“Excellent work, the bus was a nice touch, blocked most of the road without the fuss of lots of smaller cars!”


You accept his thanks and begin organizing your horde again to count up the losses while you think about your response.


“Well I lost nearly a dozen, including wounded I had the others eat. Not bad considering the number of guns they had. How did yours fair?”


The Old man looks like he is concentrating for a moment “Nearly three dozen, my left flank took the brunt of the heavy gun before I silenced it.” acceptable losses though to ensure the future of the horde.


It looks like he is going to head away when you call him back. “Before we head back, you said this was the beginning and you would tell me more after we were finished here. Well we are now, so what is the big secret?”


You are unsure how he will react to the sudden questioning but he simply smiles. “Excellent, thinking like a proper predator and looking for the next pray, I very much approve young man!” He waves you towards the jeep as he talks. “Well firstly we needed our horde to be fed and to ensure there were no enemies behind us, which was the aim of this little raid.” He hops inside and restarts the engine. “This little jeep is a lovely surprise though and will be very useful, you see the infected are too awkward to use guns by themselves, completely lack the co-ordination and fine control to be effective. You can of course fine control a couple yourself to be able to use them, however the concentration required means that you lose most of your control on the rest of the horde. This heavy gun however might well be worth that risk, especially with the two of us.” He pauses as if deciding how to explain before waving you into the passenger seat and beginning to drive back South with both of you directing your hordes to follow.
> You finally the reveal
“I have an enemy” He begins “Well two actually. They are harbingers like us, well more like me, we became harbingers during the first wave of the virus, before the vaccine and before it became airborne so we have had years to practice. They joined up together and set themselves up in the very center of the city with their own hordes of powerful mutants. They quickly took control of most of the city center and set up a colony of sorts, they actually let normals live there in a reasonable number so long as they obey the rules and treat the pair like Gods in their little playground.”


He slows the jeep as he directs groups into holding buildings then continues when he is satisfied they are locked in.


“I found all this out right after I had destroyed the stadium and raised my strongest horde, I was overconfident and waltzed right into the city center to add powerful mutants to my ranks, the outskirts were all the normal types of dogs and cats among the shamblers etc. but I had heard that further in there were other types including mutated humans and I wanted to find those. I ran right into the ‘Lords of the New City’s’ horde as they call themselves. They indeed had a couple of the human mutants and they tore through my ranks but I had greater numbers by far and won the first battle. That’s the first I knew of their existence and they of mine. It seems that they had the larger and more powerful hordes overall but they were spread throughout the city center and I had just run into a small group. I obviously pressed the attack as I hoped to reach their little colony before the growing hordes I could sense on my flanks reached me but I was a little too late, they resized I was alone.”


For the first time you see clear annoyance on the old man’s face as he speaks. “One of them launched a mental attack on me, trying to invade my mind to stop me. It was the strongest attack I had faced but I was just as strong as him and fended him off easily, sadly the second one then attacked my horde. I knew I could not defend both against two minds so as I shielded myself, they whittled my horde down and took control of large numbers of them. By the time their re-enforcements arrive I had lost over three quarters of my horde and had to flee, leaving almost all the rest behind as well to cover my escape. That’s why I need you; I’ve been training my mind every day since then in order to attack again however I knew I needed an ally, a second mind to shield the horde as I shielded us.”


You nod quietly as he speaks. “So this is why he needed me and took all the time to train and test me.” You think to yourself.


“Well it’s an interesting proposition but I’d want to know more before we attack” You respond.


“Of course, of course, I’ve been researching them since the last battle and have all the information you need back at my little shop!” The Old man happily responds. It seems the prospect of revenge puts him into a good mood.
> Back at the apartment
Once back at the apartment above his shop you look over all the information the Old man had gathered. They were a pair of Harbingers now calling themselves the ‘Lords of the New City’. They ruled a colony of around a couple of hundred normal survivors, they had no fear of them trying to escape as they city center was still flooded with mutants and other infected. The old man didn’t know why they kept them all, maybe as an insurance supply of food. They control a vast horde between them with groups spread around in a large circle to completely surround the colony.


“Well it’s not too much but it’s a good start, I assume you have a cunning plan?” you say.


“As cunning as a fox!” He replies, grinning to himself about what must be a reference to something. “Well two options really, the first option is the obvious assault plan. We both push into the city center and grab every infected we sense to add to our horde then attack their little base right away. I know there are far too many infected in there for them to control them all so we would probably reach our limit of control as well before we fought. After that it’s a matter of shielding ourselves and the horde as we attack them and wipe them out. Once they are gone we can overrun the pesky colony to the East of the city too using the more powerful mutants. The other option is for you to go in undercover and help destroy them from the inside as I attack from outside, it’s a lot riskier for you, however if you physically attack when they are mentally attacking me you might be able to take them out before the fight even really begins.”


The old man is clearly leaving the choice up to you now, he needs you after all.
> You frontal attack, you aren't going to walk right into enemy territory alone.
You have no plans to wander into enemy territory alone without backup so you select the frontal assault. The Old Man nods and starts putting the map away. “Excellent! We leave at dawn!”


You head to bed, excited for what was to come.


As dawn breaks you are both well on your way to the city centre, collecting every infected you find on the way. The Old Man mostly walks in silence but he gives you little bits of advice every now and then “We face two enemies so each attack one, send your horde attack orders first so you need to concentrate on them less later.” You always nod and add it to your information list of how to fight other harbingers, it seems though that the best tactic is simply overwhelming force. Impress upon them your superiority by outright crushing them.


It takes a few hours but you finally reach the outskirts of the skyscrapers and start sensing an incredible number of infected. At first you grab every find you can sense but it quickly becomes clear that there are so many here in the towering forest of buildings that you can afford to be picky.


A few hours more and each of you is trailing over a thousand infected, with a huge number of those mutants of one variety or another. The Old Man cuts in again “The Lords took every human mutant in the city they could find, moved them close to them so we can’t capture them, they are the hordes main targets.” You once more nod as you walk. It will be interesting to take a few of them once you kill your rivals, after all this was where you were meant to be wasn’t it. Leading a horde, devouring everything in your path and crushing your enemies. You glance left; you would have to kill the Old Man after too the battle. Can’t have him trying to kill you or steal the humans.


Suddenly the world becomes clearer and crystalizes for you. It makes perfect sense really, you are not just an Alpha Predator, you are THE Alpha, the rest of existence is for you to rule and devour as you see fit. Anything that opposes you will be crushed and utterly destroyed without mercy.


You see the Old Man suddenly look at you with suspicion, you are about to lash out at him for daring to look at you that way when he speaks “Good, you are even stronger!” A compliment, acceptable, you won’t kill him yet, you need to use him first. You simply bod to him and you both continue until you feel the army ahead of you.
> You battle in red
The army ahead of you seems vast, even with two thousand at your back your hordes are dwarfed by those ahead, and you can sense strange minds amongst them which must mean the human mutants.


“They knew we were coming! No matter, we crush them now!”


The Old man does not wait and you don’t either, arraying a horde against you is a futile insult and you will crush all those responsible, feasting on their flesh as your final victory over them.


You charge your horde at theirs and lash out at the glowing green minds you see half way up a building ahead of you. You feel the old man do the same and each of you slams your anger against the enemy.


They seem prepared and you hit against what seems like both of their wills joined together into one shield and it holds, but you can feel its weakness, you know it won’t hold forever.


You keep pushing, ignoring everything else but attacking their minds, anything the Old Man taught you is ignored as you are better than him anyway and you will prove that shortly.


You can feel their defenses weakening moment by moment, cracks forming and barriers failing, you are stronger, the rightful ruler and devourer of humanity and no weak self-proclaimed Lords can stand in your way. You feel the attack weaken suddenly and spare a shred of concentration to check on what the Old Man is doing. You immediately see his rage has grown and know why.


Your forces are being decimated by the enemy, they must have been holding back some of their concentration to direct their forces against you. You let out a hiss the Old Man had lost this way before, how was he not prepared for it again, he was too weak a tool for you to use. You almost lash out at him there an then but the main threat was the Lords and their army. You quickly scan the battle to see what was happening.


Your hordes had charged blindly, right into a huge block of shamblers who had soaked up all of the initial attack and taken the brunt of the damage like cannon fodder, then while your army was busy tearing shamblers and other useless infected apart the enemies mutants, including humanoids had clearly just torn right through your forces. The little extra control had turned the battle into a one sided massacre in seconds.


You let out an angry roar and concentrate hard on attacking again, leaving the Old Man to try and salvage some of his infected. You lash out hard again at the two minds but without the Old man, you are no longer crushing them, they are holding you at bay, you fall further into rage and push with all your might, thinking that you are still make some headway against them when you feel something hitting your own defenses. You had neglected them and pain shoots into your mind as you quickly shore them up but a small light seems to slip in a crack and your entire mind seems to suddenly explode with pain and colours, blocking all of your senses for several seconds.


You stagger back and rub your temples until your mind recovers, it was some cheap trick by them, your defenses were still intact. The old man laughs at you “You fell for such a weak trick? I trained you better than that! Now attack them while I salvage the horde you threw away!” You simply hiss at him then turn back to your attack, they wouldn’t get away with it.


Again you lash out and again at the peak of your attack your mind explodes in colours and lights. This time you hear the Old Man swearing when you return and see that the battle has been totally lost, there are also several humanoid mutants moving your way at incredible speed, some small but ridiculously fast, others larger than delivery vans yet still moving at speed.


You try and think of the best plan when the Old Man insults you again “Weakling, you couldn’t even distract them properly!” This time was enough and you lash out at him only to be met by his attack, you strive against each other and this time you are almost equally matched.


You suddenly see him scream in pain and clutch his head, you try to push the advantage but your own head explodes in pain again and you realize too late that in your rage, you ignored the other enemies. As your senses come back to you, you see the fist of the monstrosity that reached you first. “It’s first is the size of my entire torso.” You think right before it slams into you.


You feel your entire ribcage crushing inward and destroying your organs, then your back hits something hard and blood is forced out of your mouth like a fountain. But you are still alive. You try to move, to get away but as you raise your head you see several of the smaller ones coming for you. The big ones now seem more concerned with the Old Man who is screaming at them “I am the End of You! The Endmaster! You cannot stop me!” sadly he is wrong as you see them catch him and tear his upper body in half before beginning to eat him.


You turn back to the ones near you, they seem small, almost weak compared to the others until one moves close faster than you even though possible for something to move, one moment it was several metres away and the next it was beside you and your arm was gone. The others then move and you barely feel it as they remove your head.
> The Old man lead you into a trap, kill him now!
The Old man was too weak and stupid for you to have followed all this time. You were going to wait to prove that to him but leading you into a trap was the last straw.


You stop your attack on the green minds in the city, you can destroy them when they are less prepared for you. You lash out at the Old Man’s mind, feeling him instantly recoil and falter.


“You see Old man! I am the Alpha here, not you! You are a weak excuse for a Harbinger, no wonder you lost!” You press the attack and feel him trying to block you but then you sense the green minds attacking him too and his defenses shatter. You barely register the surprise mixed with rage which crosses his face as you force your attack into his mind, burning it with the red flames.


You watch his nose, eyes and ears spouting out blood and feel him die there and then, mind destroyed by your attack.


You laugh aloud in triumph. “At least you will make a fitting meal for me!” You announce as you grab his body.


In your rage you had forgotten about your real enemy and they now attack you. Pressing on your mind and attempting to destroy it the way you did the Old Man’s. You lash out in return and they back off for a moment but you can already feel the difference in power. You know you could beat one of them but the two could hold you off until their horde reached you.


You run to the Jeep and throw the Old Man’s body inside. The attack has returned and you find that your defense feels a lot weaker than your attack. When you lash out with your mind it feels like spears of flame, able to destroy anything but flames used for a defense feel less substantial and you know they won’t hold out for too long.


You floor the gas pedal and start speeding away from the city Centre, back to the North West, You even know the perfect place to make your new base, the old Stadium is empty and defensible after all.


As you get further away the attacks weaken then stop. You expect to feel your horde being stripped away but it seems like they don’t need too and you simply lose control as the distance gets too far. “I even added to their defenses now” you growl to yourself as you reach more familiar streets.
> The Empty Stadium
You reach the stadium as the fuel begins to run dry, there are two spare cans on the sides full of gas though so you aren’t worried and park it at the back where you find a cover big enough to hide it.


Time to start building up your empire. It will take time but you are stronger than the Old Man was and you will eventually crush the City Minds and their little haven. The Old Man had the nerve to call himself the EndMaster, as if he could end the world. Well that is your title now and you will become the ruler of the City before destroying the colony to the East.


************************************************


You have found the current end to the Evil Path, this will be extended into a larger and more complete path at a later date, I simply do not have the time to do it before the competition deadline!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The army ahead of you seems vast, even with two thousand at your back your hordes are dwarfed by those ahead, and you can sense strange minds amongst them which must mean the human mutants.


“They knew we were coming! No matter, we crush them now!”


The Old man does not wait and you don’t either, arraying a horde against you is a futile insult and you will crush all those responsible, feasting on their flesh as your final victory over them.


You charge your horde at theirs and lash out at the glowing green minds you see half way up a building ahead of you. You feel the old man do the same and each of you slams your anger against the enemy.


They seem prepared and you hit against what seems like both of their wills joined together into one shield and it holds, but you can feel its weakness, you know it won’t hold forever.


You keep pushing, ignoring everything else but attacking their minds, anything the Old Man taught you is ignored as you are better than him anyway and you will prove that shortly.


You can feel their defenses weakening moment by moment, cracks forming and barriers failing, you are stronger, the rightful ruler and devourer of humanity and no weak self-proclaimed Lords can stand in your way. You feel the attack weaken suddenly and spare a shred of concentration to check on what the Old Man is doing. You immediately see his rage has grown and know why.


Your forces are being decimated by the enemy, they must have been holding back some of their concentration to direct their forces against you. You let out a hiss the Old Man had lost this way before, how was he not prepared for it again, he was too weak a tool for you to use. You almost lash out at him there an then but the main threat was the Lords and their army. You quickly scan the battle to see what was happening.


Your hordes had charged blindly, right into a huge block of shamblers who had soaked up all of the initial attack and taken the brunt of the damage like cannon fodder, then while your army was busy tearing shamblers and other useless infected apart the enemies mutants, including humanoids had clearly just torn right through your forces. The little extra control had turned the battle into a one sided massacre in seconds.


You let out an angry roar and concentrate hard on attacking again, leaving the Old Man to try and salvage some of his infected. You lash out hard again at the two minds but without the Old man, you are no longer crushing them, they are holding you at bay, you fall further into rage and push with all your might, thinking that you are still make some headway against them when you feel something hitting your own defenses. You had neglected them and pain shoots into your mind as you quickly shore them up but a small light seems to slip in a crack and your entire mind seems to suddenly explode with pain and colours, blocking all of your senses for several seconds.


You stagger back and rub your temples until your mind recovers, it was some cheap trick by them, your defenses were still intact. The old man laughs at you “You fell for such a weak trick? I trained you better than that! Now attack them while I salvage the horde you threw away!” You simply hiss at him then turn back to your attack, they wouldn’t get away with it.


Again you lash out and again at the peak of your attack your mind explodes in colours and lights. This time you hear the Old Man swearing when you return and see that the battle has been totally lost, there are also several humanoid mutants moving your way at incredible speed, some small but ridiculously fast, others larger than delivery vans yet still moving at speed.


You try and think of the best plan when the Old Man insults you again “Weakling, you couldn’t even distract them properly!” This time was enough and you lash out at him only to be met by his attack, you strive against each other and this time you are almost equally matched.


You suddenly see him scream in pain and clutch his head, you try to push the advantage but your own head explodes in pain again and you realize too late that in your rage, you ignored the other enemies. As your senses come back to you, you see the fist of the monstrosity that reached you first. “It’s first is the size of my entire torso.” You think right before it slams into you.


You feel your entire ribcage crushing inward and destroying your organs, then your back hits something hard and blood is forced out of your mouth like a fountain. But you are still alive. You try to move, to get away but as you raise your head you see several of the smaller ones coming for you. The big ones now seem more concerned with the Old Man who is screaming at them “I am the End of You! The Endmaster! You cannot stop me!” sadly he is wrong as you see them catch him and tear his upper body in half before beginning to eat him.


You turn back to the ones near you, they seem small, almost weak compared to the others until one moves close faster than you even though possible for something to move, one moment it was several metres away and the next it was beside you and your arm was gone. The others then move and you barely feel it as they remove your head.
> You lash out at the city minds, crush them before their horde does any more damage
You let out an angry roar and concentrate hard on attacking again, leaving the Old Man to try and salvage some of his infected. You lash out hard again at the two minds but without the Old man, you are no longer crushing them, they are holding you at bay, you fall further into rage and push with all your might, thinking that you are still make some headway against them when you feel something hitting your own defenses. You had neglected them and pain shoots into your mind as you quickly shore them up but a small light seems to slip in a crack and your entire mind seems to suddenly explode with pain and colours, blocking all of your senses for several seconds.


You stagger back and rub your temples until your mind recovers, it was some cheap trick by them, your defenses were still intact. The old man laughs at you “You fell for such a weak trick? I trained you better than that! Now attack them while I salvage the horde you threw away!” You simply hiss at him then turn back to your attack, they wouldn’t get away with it.


Again you lash out and again at the peak of your attack your mind explodes in colours and lights. This time you hear the Old Man swearing when you return and see that the battle has been totally lost, there are also several humanoid mutants moving your way at incredible speed, some small but ridiculously fast, others larger than delivery vans yet still moving at speed.


You try and think of the best plan when the Old Man insults you again “Weakling, you couldn’t even distract them properly!” This time was enough and you lash out at him only to be met by his attack, you strive against each other and this time you are almost equally matched.


You suddenly see him scream in pain and clutch his head, you try to push the advantage but your own head explodes in pain again and you realize too late that in your rage, you ignored the other enemies. As your senses come back to you, you see the fist of the monstrosity that reached you first. “It’s first is the size of my entire torso.” You think right before it slams into you.


You feel your entire ribcage crushing inward and destroying your organs, then your back hits something hard and blood is forced out of your mouth like a fountain. But you are still alive. You try to move, to get away but as you raise your head you see several of the smaller ones coming for you. The big ones now seem more concerned with the Old Man who is screaming at them “I am the End of You! The Endmaster! You cannot stop me!” sadly he is wrong as you see them catch him and tear his upper body in half before beginning to eat him.


You turn back to the ones near you, they seem small, almost weak compared to the others until one moves close faster than you even though possible for something to move, one moment it was several metres away and the next it was beside you and your arm was gone. The others then move and you barely feel it as they remove your head.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Once back at the apartment above his shop you look over all the information the Old man had gathered. They were a pair of Harbingers now calling themselves the ‘Lords of the New City’. They ruled a colony of around a couple of hundred normal survivors, they had no fear of them trying to escape as they city center was still flooded with mutants and other infected. The old man didn’t know why they kept them all, maybe as an insurance supply of food. They control a vast horde between them with groups spread around in a large circle to completely surround the colony.


“Well it’s not too much but it’s a good start, I assume you have a cunning plan?” you say.


“As cunning as a fox!” He replies, grinning to himself about what must be a reference to something. “Well two options really, the first option is the obvious assault plan. We both push into the city center and grab every infected we sense to add to our horde then attack their little base right away. I know there are far too many infected in there for them to control them all so we would probably reach our limit of control as well before we fought. After that it’s a matter of shielding ourselves and the horde as we attack them and wipe them out. Once they are gone we can overrun the pesky colony to the East of the city too using the more powerful mutants. The other option is for you to go in undercover and help destroy them from the inside as I attack from outside, it’s a lot riskier for you, however if you physically attack when they are mentally attacking me you might be able to take them out before the fight even really begins.”


The old man is clearly leaving the choice up to you now, he needs you after all.
> You undercover, get inside and you can take out the enemy without risking your horde, more infected left alive means more ready to attack the Eastern colony after.
“I like the undercover plan, they won’t know me so I can get inside and take them out personally as soon as you appear and take their attention.” You say.


The Old man simply nods and starts putting the map away carefully. “Then we leave in the morning! I will escort you closer but once we near the centre you will be on your own. Remember to act nice around them, can’t have them attacking you before you get inside!”


You nod back and snack on a bit of what you think must be a human bicep muscle before getting a couple of hour of rest. As the mornings first light arrives you grab a few handfuls of flesh and you both set out in the jeep again, this time towards the city centre.


It’s not long before you cover a good distance, riding is clearly faster than walking and before you know it you are walking away from the Jeep towards the city centre alone, the Old man heading off into a building to set himself up for a few days.


“Time to get things going then!” you think to yourself as you begin sensing infected ahead of you, already some mutants mixed in with the normal shamblers and fast types.
> You start taking them over, it's always best to move with your own little horde for protection
You aren’t going to march into enemy territory undefended so you quickly grab control of any infected you sense until it finally turns to lunchtime and you have over a hundred infected following around you. “Old man was right; I already have a horde this big after only a few hours, this really is the jackpot for forming an army.” You keep going but stop building your horde at around 150, You could control more but you realize that it is somewhat pointless as there are simply so many around you. Shamblers in every building practically, and since every building around is a huge multistory, that makes for a lot of infected.


You carry on forward, only stopping briefly to eat the rest of the flesh you had brought with you and by dinner time you are keeping yourself occupied by swapping out horde menders, dropping the shamblers and taking more mutants. A couple feel slightly different when you force your control over them but they act exactly the same once you take their minds so you keep them too.


Finally as night approaches you sense a very large number of infected ahead who aren’t moving and when you reach out you immediately realize that they are under someone else’s control. You are still deciding how to proceed against what must be over 1000 mutants when you feel the pressure hit your mind. You force up your defense against the attack like you had practiced with the old man, envisioning slabs of steel slammed up against the pressure of the assault but most of what he showed was how to attack so you know you won’t hold out long.


You do know how to talk though, it took several days to learn but the Old Man had taught you a very useful trick and you send out a small thread of thought through your defenses and you feel the attack lessen very slightly and a voice finally enters you mind through it.


“This is unexpected, you wish to talk this time? Last time you attacked us you seemed more like the rage driven egotist than the chatty type.” The voice says.


You quickly respond, having already thought through several possible conversations. “I don’t know what you mean by ‘this time’ but I have never met you before, never mind attacked you.” You immediately feel surprise coming from the other mind. “You are actually telling the truth, you aren’t the one who attacked us before, you shared his colouring and came from the west so we had assumed it was him coming again. But in that case why are you entering our domain with an army?”


You respond carefully “I had heard there were others like me here, I didn’t intend to attack you with my horde, and I just never like to travel alone for safety reasons.”


There is silence for a time before an answer comes. “You may pass but your horde cannot, you must release them then pass through alone or there will be no entry.”


You think about this for a moment
> You who are they to order you about, they have their horde for protection and you have yours.
Who are they to tell you where you can take you own horde? You didn’t train all this time with the Old Man just to be bossed about. “I’m coming in but I will be bringing my horde for safety, I can’t trust you won’t attack the moment I release them.” You say as you begin forward again towards the gap that had formed in the army ahead. “I’m not going to bow to their wishes for everything; I’m the Alpha predator as much as them and they will learn that soon.”


You get no response from the mind in the city and you let the link drop. “Good, they know not to try and boss me around” you think as you walk.


Sadly as you reach the army ahead they move as one large unit to attack your horde from the front and sides simultaneously. You are about to order your troops to fight back when your mind also comes under attack again and you are forced to concentrate on defense again while your troops are helplessly torn to pieces.


You know it’s only been seconds but the attack feels like it’s been going on for hours when you feel the enemy horde change a little and suddenly there are two minds crushing into yours with almost as much force as the Old Man used to use on you. One of them you might hold off but two of them quickly crush your defenses and sparks of pain shoot through your mind as the last defense falls.


The pain intensifies for a moment, past what you can bear so you are almost happy when it suddenly ends and blackness overwhelms you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You aren’t going to march into enemy territory undefended so you quickly grab control of any infected you sense until it finally turns to lunchtime and you have over a hundred infected following around you. “Old man was right; I already have a horde this big after only a few hours, this really is the jackpot for forming an army.” You keep going but stop building your horde at around 150, You could control more but you realize that it is somewhat pointless as there are simply so many around you. Shamblers in every building practically, and since every building around is a huge multistory, that makes for a lot of infected.


You carry on forward, only stopping briefly to eat the rest of the flesh you had brought with you and by dinner time you are keeping yourself occupied by swapping out horde menders, dropping the shamblers and taking more mutants. A couple feel slightly different when you force your control over them but they act exactly the same once you take their minds so you keep them too.


Finally as night approaches you sense a very large number of infected ahead who aren’t moving and when you reach out you immediately realize that they are under someone else’s control. You are still deciding how to proceed against what must be over 1000 mutants when you feel the pressure hit your mind. You force up your defense against the attack like you had practiced with the old man, envisioning slabs of steel slammed up against the pressure of the assault but most of what he showed was how to attack so you know you won’t hold out long.


You do know how to talk though, it took several days to learn but the Old Man had taught you a very useful trick and you send out a small thread of thought through your defenses and you feel the attack lessen very slightly and a voice finally enters you mind through it.


“This is unexpected, you wish to talk this time? Last time you attacked us you seemed more like the rage driven egotist than the chatty type.” The voice says.


You quickly respond, having already thought through several possible conversations. “I don’t know what you mean by ‘this time’ but I have never met you before, never mind attacked you.” You immediately feel surprise coming from the other mind. “You are actually telling the truth, you aren’t the one who attacked us before, you shared his colouring and came from the west so we had assumed it was him coming again. But in that case why are you entering our domain with an army?”


You respond carefully “I had heard there were others like me here, I didn’t intend to attack you with my horde, and I just never like to travel alone for safety reasons.”


There is silence for a time before an answer comes. “You may pass but your horde cannot, you must release them then pass through alone or there will be no entry.”


You think about this for a moment
> You let them all go and head in alone, no point making them mad now, you're playing the long game
You head further into the city centre alone and the hordes part for you, you can feel them dispersing to either side around you. “The Old Man said they keep them evenly spaced out in a ring, does this mean they knew I was coming?” You think as you walk.


Finally you see the two minds of the harbingers ahead of you without having to stretch your senses out, and you also see the minds of what seems like over 300 humans with them, the very thought makes you hungry.


As you get closer you see another link reaching out for you and as before you join in to let them converse with you. “You are only about an hour’s gentle walk away but you will need to circle a little to your left, that’s North, to get inside, only one entrance you see and everything is guarded to prevent any problems in our little haven.”


You carefully force your hunger and feelings down, if you’ve been getting snippits of theirs then they might get some of yours and that might not be good. “Of course, it’s getting dark but that isn’t really an issue for our kind, I’ll walk faster though so I don’t make you wait.”


There is a pause and you are about to drop the link when you hear one more question “You came from the West where our enemy lurked, Have you have any interaction with him, he has the feel of an old man, a very angry one at that.”


You pause for a moment; you didn’t expect this question so bluntly so you have to choose your words carefully.
> You tell some of the truth, that you encountered someone that might match that description but no details, if they push cover up the involvement.
The best tactic is a small truth to back up the lie right? Well, obviously it would be to slaughter then and feast on their flesh but for now you have to play nice.


“I did encounter someone like that, they indeed seemed very angry. Coming here and meeting you seemed like the better option when compared to staying there with a clearly hostile harbinger.”


There is a slight pause before the next question “And he didn’t attack you, no offence but I don’t see you being alive if he did.”


You tut to yourself, got to cover a little more “Well I think he was trying to recruit me, I think he would have attacked once he realized I wasn’t taking him up on the offer but I was too far away already.”


This time the reply comes right away “Oh how interesting, I presume he wanted your help in attacking us, he seems like the angry vengeful type and we did send him away in disgrace barely holding onto his life afterall. So you weren’t tempted to join him?”
> You enough is enough. They aren't buying the half-truths as the whole story so Lie outright about it
"Not at all, I got away as fast as I could to come here!' You emphasize, you can't let them know the truth


There is a longer pause than before and you get a little nervous when you hear the voice again. “Ok just up ahead you’ll see the underground entrance on your right? Good, that’s the entrance you’ll need to take, we are quite nicely set up in an old arena here, if was half underground before so makes it very defensible as you can imagine!” The tone seems jovial and the tunnel leads towards the minds you sense so you head inside.


As you walk through the tunnel which has obviously had some work done to it with reinforcements and walls removed or built you sense the humans all gathering up ahead. “Is something going on up there?” You ask down the link and immediately get the response “Of course! It’s not every day they get to see a new harbinger so this is somewhat of an event! Everyone has gathers for it. Some of the minds to the East don’t agree with our stance on the matter which is why we separated but we see that we are superior to humans and should be treated as such so we rule here like Gods in a way, when we say there is an event, EVERYONE attends, not that they’d want to miss this anyway.”


You heartily agree with the statement. You ARE better than humans, they are your prey after all, you can see their position though. Keeping them like pets to obey and serve you before eating them wouldn’t be so bad either.


You see some light up ahead and walk out into what looks like the centre of an arena with 10 foot walls of concrete topped with another 10 feet of metal and reinforced glass. The humans are all on the other side of the glass cheering down at you like fans watching a concert. Something clearly isn’t right though.


You sense the minds above you and looking up you see two cloaked figures sitting on a platform that extended out from the wall over the tiered row s of seats giving them the best view both around the room and down into the pit.


“Welcome to the City Arena! Rules by the Lords of the New City, this is the place where your post-apocalyptic fantasies can become a reality, for the right price!”


You now know that something is definitely wrong as a massive battered steel sheet slams down behind you, trapping you in the arena. Even with your enhanced strength you aren’t sure you could budge it without a lot of time and something to level with.


The announcement continues though, the speakers voice amplified through a speaker system hanging high above of the roof. “Today we have a very rare treat for you, in the ring is a harbinger folks! That’s right, like our very own Lords of the city he has superhuman abilities and can control infected, however this one tried to lie to the Lords and we know how they take that don’t we!” The crowd responds with even more cheers.
> You what you get for lying
You aren’t going to stand for this, being put on display like some animal while the humans throw money around and a large board has odds displayed! Odds displayed.. You look around as see another large metal sheet across the way beginning to rise. “That’s right folks, he might be a lot weaker than our lords but he is still a big challenge so we are sending in a big challenger! It’s Nate the Sentinel!”


You lash out at the Lords above you but their defenses are solidly in place, you try the human minds, you are certain you can affect them but it seems that the two harbingers are protecting them too. The door does not wait for your tests though and before you have time to try the walls you see a huge beast lumber through. Like a man but grotesquely mutated into something that looked more like an ogre from the old myths than a human anymore.


You can easily beat any mutant you have come across barehanded, even the large dog types but as you size this thing you realize that it must be 12 feet tall and covered in muscles, this won’t be an easy fight. The beast comes charging at you and you barely dodge in time as it moves faster than anything that size should be able to move.


You don’t have many options left
> You concentrate on its mind, if you get control of that then you can use it to let you escape.
You lash out at Nate’s mind but find it protected, you push with everything you can to force your way in and register that its stopped moving at least while your try. The defense is slippery though, every time you think you have forced a way in, you find it there again. You finally think you have it when you feel a sudden spike against your own mind. Your defenses hold but you are stunned for a second.


Your senses return just in time to register that your right arm and ribcage is crushed and you are flying at a tremendous speed directly at the wall.


You impact with a sickeningly hard crunch and feel more ribs breaking. “Oh dear me folks, the Lords just indicated to me that instead of fighting Nate, the idiot tried to attack his mind and steal him from them! That left him wide open for Nate’s punch! Give the man a hand though, I never seem anything that didn’t turn into jelly at one of those hits never mind still be moving!”


You cough up blood and stagger to your feet. Just in time for Nate to reach you again. You even see the punch coming but can’t get out of the way in time and take it full to the chest. You get slammed back into the wall and know your done for, your organs are jelly and your blood is pooling at your feet.


“And it’s over folks, even if he is still breathing, he isn’t moving! That’s a win in two punches for Nate the sentinel, always a crowd favorite even if his opponent was weak.


You want to protest and tell them you weren’t weak when just register being lifted in the air. “Oh and Nate is hungry folks!” you hear right before the crunch.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You aren’t going to stand for this, being put on display like some animal while the humans throw money around and a large board has odds displayed! Odds displayed.. You look around as see another large metal sheet across the way beginning to rise. “That’s right folks, he might be a lot weaker than our lords but he is still a big challenge so we are sending in a big challenger! It’s Nate the Sentinel!”


You lash out at the Lords above you but their defenses are solidly in place, you try the human minds, you are certain you can affect them but it seems that the two harbingers are protecting them too. The door does not wait for your tests though and before you have time to try the walls you see a huge beast lumber through. Like a man but grotesquely mutated into something that looked more like an ogre from the old myths than a human anymore.


You can easily beat any mutant you have come across barehanded, even the large dog types but as you size this thing you realize that it must be 12 feet tall and covered in muscles, this won’t be an easy fight. The beast comes charging at you and you barely dodge in time as it moves faster than anything that size should be able to move.


You don’t have many options left
> You concentrate on the two 'Lords' above you, hit their minds hard enough and you could get away or even defeat them
You mentally lash out at the Lords above you again and once more find their defenses holding you at bay. You concentrate on just one of them and try to force you way in, putting all your anger and rage into the attack. You feel his defenses buckling under the pressure but then you find the problem with your plan.


While you concentrated on your attack you stopped moving.


Nate the Sentinel did not stop moving.


You feel the impact and turn back to your normal senses just in time to register that your right arm and ribcage is crushed and you are flying at a tremendous speed directly at the wall.


You impact with a sickeningly hard crunch and feel more ribs breaking. “Oh dear me folks, the Lords just indicated to me that instead of fighting Nate, the idiot tried to attack our rulers! That left him wide open for Nate’s punch! Give the man a hand though, I never seem anything that didn’t turn into jelly at one of those hits never mind still be moving!”


You cough up blood and stagger to your feet. Just in time for Nate to reach you again. You even see the punch coming but can’t get out of the way in time and take it full to the chest. You get slammed back into the wall and know your done for, your organs are jelly and your blood is pooling at your feet.


“And it’s over folks, even if he is still breathing, he isn’t moving! That’s a win in two punches for Nate the sentinel, always a crowd favorite even if his opponent was weak.


You want to protest and tell them you weren’t weak when just register being lifted in the air. “Oh and Nate is hungry folks!” you hear right before the crunch.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You aren’t going to stand for this, being put on display like some animal while the humans throw money around and a large board has odds displayed! Odds displayed.. You look around as see another large metal sheet across the way beginning to rise. “That’s right folks, he might be a lot weaker than our lords but he is still a big challenge so we are sending in a big challenger! It’s Nate the Sentinel!”


You lash out at the Lords above you but their defenses are solidly in place, you try the human minds, you are certain you can affect them but it seems that the two harbingers are protecting them too. The door does not wait for your tests though and before you have time to try the walls you see a huge beast lumber through. Like a man but grotesquely mutated into something that looked more like an ogre from the old myths than a human anymore.


You can easily beat any mutant you have come across barehanded, even the large dog types but as you size this thing you realize that it must be 12 feet tall and covered in muscles, this won’t be an easy fight. The beast comes charging at you and you barely dodge in time as it moves faster than anything that size should be able to move.


You don’t have many options left
> You concentrate on the combat, it's based off a human so it has human weaknesses, hit it's eyes, nose and tendons, then see if it can fight you.
You can’t beat two of them mentally so you will have to concentrate on the fight in front of you for now. Nate is huge and clearly going to be stronger than you but you might have speed and intelligence on your side.


He charges you at amazing speed and swings a punch but you are prepared, you dodge it at the last second and land a punch of your on on its side as you move around it. You had punched right through metal car doors before and know it must have hurt the thing when it let out a roar and span wildly at you.


You stayed being careful though, letting it attack and only hitting on counters. Finally you see your chance and as it lunged too far you jump its punch and hit it right in the eye, feeling it pop under the impact.


You watch it stagger back and follow up with a running jump to hit the other eye before it recovers, feeling it pop too. “Let’s see you fight blind!” you sneer at the monster as it clutches its face and staggers back into the wall, making the whole thing shake.


“Oh my! What a turn of events!” You hear blaring out. “The new entry has managed not only to avoid Nate’s attacks, but he blinded him folks! Let’s see those odd rolling!”


You see a frenzy of activity as the humans obviously rush to place their bets on you as is only right. You are the Alpha here, not their ‘Lords’ or this monster and you would show all of them soon enough. You start towards Nate at a leisurely pace, it should be easy to finish off now at least.


Suddenly its hands drop and it looks at you. “Oh dear folks, the new guy waited too long and Nate grew his eyes back! He’s going to be mad now!” You swear as the Nate charges you, faster and clearly angrier than before, he clips you with one punch and you are sent spinning away feeling several ribs shatter into pieces. “If that was a direct hit I’d be a gonner.” You think as he charges again but this time you roll under the punch and tear out his Achilles as you pass.


You head the satisfying crunch as Nate smashed into the wall having lost the use of one foot and you can see he is stunned so you press the advantage and attack again, blinding it again and punching right through its flesh several times until it starts wheezing and looms like it might be a while before getting up.


“And the fight is over folks! The new guy has defeated the crowd favorite, Nate the Sentinel!” You sense the monsters movements changing but instead of coming after you it slinks back against a wall near the door it came in “Everyone give a hand for our newest entrant!” you hear as the crowd goes wild.
> You soak up the arenas glory
You get caught up in the praise for a second until you see the door begin to move, this might be your chance to escape so you race towards it as it opens only to see several humanoids blocking your way. You skid to a halt a few feet short as the announcer comes back on. “Oh dear me folks, he tried to make a break for it but He found Madglee and the 3J’s blocking his escape, That’s right folks, he faced one sentinel and now he faces two of them!” He drops his tone to a fake stage whisper “The three J’s are really three people but they share one mind so they count as one right?” The crowd goes wild as the four enter and you quickly see three of them look similar to humans, just stretched out a little and identical to each other. The fourth one looked like a cross between them and the monster from before, it also looked semi-intelligent which worried you more.


You back off as Nate slipped out the back of the area, already clearly healing its wounds and the four new entries move out towards you.


You try and plan some tactics but suddenly they are all moving to attack. You instantly see that the 3J’s are faster than you and they seem to dodge attacks they can’t see, while Madglee circles you, not attacking yet.


You start taking hit after hit, not hard but they are adding up and you feel bones breaking and bruises forming. You’ve had enough of them and suddenly charge at one, lashing out physically and mentally at the fast opponents who were dodging around you and keeping you from moving. You realize it was the wrong choice when suddenly the back of your head explodes in pain and you fly hard into the wall ahead of you.


“Oh dear me folks, the 3 J’s kept him locked town tight and Madglee simply waited for the right moment to end things instantly!”


You barely have time to pick yourself up when the last blows fall.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The best tactic is a small truth to back up the lie right? Well, obviously it would be to slaughter then and feast on their flesh but for now you have to play nice.


“I did encounter someone like that, they indeed seemed very angry. Coming here and meeting you seemed like the better option when compared to staying there with a clearly hostile harbinger.”


There is a slight pause before the next question “And he didn’t attack you, no offence but I don’t see you being alive if he did.”


You tut to yourself, got to cover a little more “Well I think he was trying to recruit me, I think he would have attacked once he realized I wasn’t taking him up on the offer but I was too far away already.”


This time the reply comes right away “Oh how interesting, I presume he wanted your help in attacking us, he seems like the angry vengeful type and we did send him away in disgrace barely holding onto his life afterall. So you weren’t tempted to join him?”
> You enough is enough. They aren't buying the half-truths as the whole story sell out the Old man, he'd be the first to sell you out if it benefited him.
These guys are clearly too suspicious to buy the lies.  The Old Man would also sell you out in a second if it benefited him, so why not sell him out first and join the stronger side?


“Ok to be very honest, he was stronger than me, by a lot. I only found my abilities a couple of months back and he recruited me when I didn’t really have a chance of fighting him. I did train with him for a while as he wanted me to help him and I got a lot stronger. Seems he wanted me to help him beat you guys as he didn’t want to risk the fight alone. I learned what I could from him and now would much rather join you guys as he is a bit crazy and would most likely kill me the moment you were defeated anyway.”


There is silence for a time before an answer finally comes. “Well that is very interesting, and actually the truth which we didn’t initially expect. We shall let you join us, do understand though that you will still be under some suspicion for a time.”


You nod, that’s pretty much what you expected “Sounds about what I expected so I’ll accept those terms.” You say as you walk closer.


A different voice joins in the conversation now “As you get closer you will see a large underground entrance, then one building past that on the right you will see a metal door set back inside an entrance way, that’s the way you need to take in. If you see anything strange, do not attack it, they are semi-autonomous but still under our control and will not attack unless provoked.”


You shrug to yourself “not as if anything could really surprise me anymore” you think as you see the underground entrance and head one building past it. You see what looks like a normal skyscraper lobby and almost wonder if you had gone too far when you see what looks more like a huge metal slab than a door part way into a side corridor. “Huge defensive door but tucked where people walking by won’t easily see it, smart.”


As you get closer it swings open to reveal a huge monstrosity holding it. The roof here must be over 10 feet high and the thing is still hunched against the ceiling to be able to fit and its bulk blocks most of the corridors width, like a human mutated to be the biggest, most muscular abomination you could imagine. “Gorram-it, I take it back, I can still be surprised, you’re like some monster from mythology aren’t you?” You mutter as you decide about what to do. Surprisingly the thing growls at you in response. “Oh, and you seem to understand me, that’s a bit worrying too.” You say.


You carefully edge past the thing as it makes no move to attack and you notice that the door is several inches thick of metal, and that the thing easily pulls it shut behind you even though it’s not on hinges. “Seems those muscles aren’t for show either, I can see why I wouldn’t want to pick a fight with you” you tell the monster which seems to take it as a compliment and grins at you, which is a truly horrifying sight.
> You welcome to the thunderdone!
You head down the corridor ahead and past several smaller doors, opened by other strange mutated humans. You make note that the walls and ceiling here is re-enforced, probably after knocking down walls to make the tunnel. You start hearing cheering up ahead as you come into a small lobby area.


“Nearly there!” you hear the first voice saying “There are doors and corridors off this room but you need the blue one marked ‘Balcony’.”


Then the link drops. You have some suspicions now about a trap, but why let you pass all the abominations which could probably kill you in the tight confines of the corridor only to try and kill you now?


You head through the arch and up the stairs and walk right out into what looks like an old circular arena, lit from above with a large pit in the middle, walled by concrete topped with glass and steel. Crowds of humans line the glass, looking down and cheering like they are at a concert.


“Welcome to the New City Arena!” you hear thundering above you, and looking up you see the suspended PA system as the announcer continues “The Lords have told me that we have a special guest here today, as so we are putting on a special show for you all!” place your bets and give a cheer for your competitors!” The crowd goes wild as you see giant metal doors in the pit opening.


You catch sight of a section sticking out of the balcony and immediately recognize the minds of the two cloaked figures sitting on it as the harbingers. One of them waves you over and you move through the crowd until you reach their little dais, sticking out over the crowd below. There are now humans near them so you walk the last few feet quickly and find an empty seat for you beside them.


“Welcome to our little community!” The nearest one begins “This is obviously our arena where we get our entertainment. Obviously living areas and all that are down other tunnels and in other buildings but we thought we would greet you in proper fashion today!” He indicates the pit and you see a pack of mutant dogs walk out into the large open space, on the other side you see a much large group of infected, shamblers and fast types enter.


The Harbinger continues “As you see, we have brought back the coliseum, we have infected fight for our entertainment, and occasionally humans who break the laws here, a small group tried to rebell against us a while back, we gave them weapons and sent them in against Nate, who you met at the front door, he is one of our sentinels. It turned Nate into a crowd favorite and he ensured that the peace was kept, no-one has tried real insubordination since then!”


You think for a moment before replying as you watch the infected standing still as the humans shout to make bets based off numbers displayed on a big screen on one wall “But the humans, don’t you eat them? That’s how we get stronger and they are simply prey.”


You can almost feel the disapproval of the men beside you and you sense new colour swirling in the glow of their minds “Not at all, it seems the Harbinger of the West has been lying to you. Eating humans has no effect on your abilities at all. Only your mind and training does. You got stronger as you believed in what he was saying and because you trained. But it is also why we nearly killed you on sight. Your decision taints your mind and we can see it.”


You don’t really know what to respond to this. But your overwhelming urge is to lash out, you were honest but now they were lying to you? Were they simply trying to indoctrinate you to use you like the old man?


You follow your urge, you know they are lying as you ate humans and got stronger, in just a few weeks of eating humans and training you became superhuman yourself. Attack physically and mentally, once they are dead, their community and the humans will be your personal living food locker.


You force your urges back down, the longer you spent with the Old Man and the more humans you ate, the more violent and volatile you became however they don’t really have a reason to lie to you right now. Find out what they are saying then decide the truth for yourself.
> You follow the urge
Tainted? You are not tainted by anything, you are the alpha predator of the weak humans below you and you will prove it by killing their ‘Lords’ in front of them and feasting on their flesh. Once you are in charge the games can continue but you will eat the humans as you watch.


You lash out at them and make a lunge towards them at incredible speed but you feel both attacks suddenly blocked. The two men in cloaks moved just as fast as you and they are now pinning your arms in grips you can’t break.


“You see, I told you we can’t trust a red, once they go that way they are ruled by the infection and lose all reason.” One says to the other “Sadly in this case you were right, I thought since his colour had shades and wasn’t set yet that he could still chance but I guess not.”


“Don’t talk over me!” You shout at them, you are about to continue and tell them of what you will do to get your revenge when you feel something slamming into your mind and you have to use all your concentration to fend it off. You only hold for a second though as a second attack shatters your defense and you feel pressure inside your mind.


Suddenly it vanishes and you don’t feel their minds anymore. “There, I left all your abilities and mind intact but you lost all of your… mental prowess shall we say.” One of them say cheerily to you “An impressive feat if I say so myself, mental brain surgery! Literally!” he chuckles at his own joke.


You are about to say something when you feel yourself suddenly thrown out over the crowd and fall right into the centre of the pit. You try and lash out at them but find all of your mental senses gone; you can only feel what you did when you were a normal human. You panic for a moment but the announcer comes back on the PA system. “That’s right folks, our special event is that our Lords have captured an evil harbinger and stripped him of his mental powers! He is still incredibly strong and fast, but let’s see how he does against our hordes! The winners are the infected who deliver the killing blow, will it be mutants of walkers!”


You looks up just in time to see all of the infected and mutants rush at you. You fight well, you still have your speed and strength and kill a large number of them but the small wounds add up. You lose your left arm first to a large mutant dog, you killed it but it had already severed the flesh. Your leg is broken by a shamber latching onto it while a fast type slammed into you. After that it goes quickly.


It ends as a mutant tears your windpipe out, the last thing you hear is the crowd cheering your death.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You head down the corridor ahead and past several smaller doors, opened by other strange mutated humans. You make note that the walls and ceiling here is re-enforced, probably after knocking down walls to make the tunnel. You start hearing cheering up ahead as you come into a small lobby area.


“Nearly there!” you hear the first voice saying “There are doors and corridors off this room but you need the blue one marked ‘Balcony’.”


Then the link drops. You have some suspicions now about a trap, but why let you pass all the abominations which could probably kill you in the tight confines of the corridor only to try and kill you now?


You head through the arch and up the stairs and walk right out into what looks like an old circular arena, lit from above with a large pit in the middle, walled by concrete topped with glass and steel. Crowds of humans line the glass, looking down and cheering like they are at a concert.


“Welcome to the New City Arena!” you hear thundering above you, and looking up you see the suspended PA system as the announcer continues “The Lords have told me that we have a special guest here today, as so we are putting on a special show for you all!” place your bets and give a cheer for your competitors!” The crowd goes wild as you see giant metal doors in the pit opening.


You catch sight of a section sticking out of the balcony and immediately recognize the minds of the two cloaked figures sitting on it as the harbingers. One of them waves you over and you move through the crowd until you reach their little dais, sticking out over the crowd below. There are now humans near them so you walk the last few feet quickly and find an empty seat for you beside them.


“Welcome to our little community!” The nearest one begins “This is obviously our arena where we get our entertainment. Obviously living areas and all that are down other tunnels and in other buildings but we thought we would greet you in proper fashion today!” He indicates the pit and you see a pack of mutant dogs walk out into the large open space, on the other side you see a much large group of infected, shamblers and fast types enter.


The Harbinger continues “As you see, we have brought back the coliseum, we have infected fight for our entertainment, and occasionally humans who break the laws here, a small group tried to rebell against us a while back, we gave them weapons and sent them in against Nate, who you met at the front door, he is one of our sentinels. It turned Nate into a crowd favorite and he ensured that the peace was kept, no-one has tried real insubordination since then!”


You think for a moment before replying as you watch the infected standing still as the humans shout to make bets based off numbers displayed on a big screen on one wall “But the humans, don’t you eat them? That’s how we get stronger and they are simply prey.”


You can almost feel the disapproval of the men beside you and you sense new colour swirling in the glow of their minds “Not at all, it seems the Harbinger of the West has been lying to you. Eating humans has no effect on your abilities at all. Only your mind and training does. You got stronger as you believed in what he was saying and because you trained. But it is also why we nearly killed you on sight. Your decision taints your mind and we can see it.”


You don’t really know what to respond to this. But your overwhelming urge is to lash out, you were honest but now they were lying to you? Were they simply trying to indoctrinate you to use you like the old man?


You follow your urge, you know they are lying as you ate humans and got stronger, in just a few weeks of eating humans and training you became superhuman yourself. Attack physically and mentally, once they are dead, their community and the humans will be your personal living food locker.


You force your urges back down, the longer you spent with the Old Man and the more humans you ate, the more violent and volatile you became however they don’t really have a reason to lie to you right now. Find out what they are saying then decide the truth for yourself.
> You force it down
There are two of them and one of you, they are also much more experienced than you. Attacking now would be suicide. You force your urges back down and after a moment you think a little more rationally again.


“It makes complete sense that the Old Man lied to me about things, he was a vengeance driven psycho afterall, he just wanted me to help him, probably the only reason he didn’t kill me.” You give yourself a moment then respond. “What do you mean?”


You sense surprise from them as one speaks “Well it seems I was wrong, he held the urge back, you were correct my friend, so long as the red isn’t set there is still some hope for him!” You look t them then add “That doesn’t really tell me what you mean by these colours, or where my abilities really develop from.”


The other one laughs “Sorry about that, were had a rather heated debate about you before you arrived and you seem to have provided the answer in my favour. We will explain everything while we watch the entertainment!”


You hear the announcer providing commentary as the two groups in the arena below you rush each other and begin tearing each other to pieces. You mostly concentrate on what you are being told though.


“You see your power has nothing to do with what you eat, you developed it the moment the infection altered your brain and body. It’s completely mental really, development is based on two things rather like a muscle. Training to make it stronger and understanding to know how to train and use it, as it were.” He pauses as you see three mutant dogs tear the limbs off a shamber right before a fast type leaps on one of their back and bites a chunk out of its neck. “As I was saying, the training is the obvious part. The other part is more understanding and belief, firstly you must believe that the abilities are possible, then you must believe in what you are and what your role in life is.”


The fight begins winding down in the dogs favor as you expected, the shamblers and fast types had the numbers but the dog pack was stronger and faster. He looks at you “look at our minds and describe them to me.”
> You understanding
You concentrate on your senses and describe the impression of their minds that comes to you “They are like two suns compared to the dull glow of the humans below us, almost like they are a deep green with some other colours moving under the surface.” You see the man lean back in his throne-like chair “Excellent, and the other harbinger seemed like an angry red with swirls of darker colours under it yes?” You nod in agreement as he continues “The colours represent how you see yourself and your role, we believe it represents how much control the infection has over your mind and decisions, The red means you have lost any shred of humanity and are more like a rage driven animal than a human. You retain your intelligence of course, but you see humans and harbingers as mere prey and you lose control to your urges, like the one you just felt to kill us.” He raises an eyebrow to you and you nod to indicate that you are following along and that he was right about the urge to kill them “You colour is nearly red you see but it is not set, there are still other distinct colours there too which means you are not yet fully set in your decision, you believed what the Harbinger taught you but your final choice to live that way was not yet made, close, but not final.”


He pauses to let you think. “So if I have given into my urges more and fully excepted that I was a preditor out to eat everything I would have been fully red? What does your green mean then?” You see the man smile under his hood “Exactly, and had your colour turned fully red we would have killed you the moment you got close, almost all harbingers would. Your last vestige of reason would have gone and the option to be anything other than a crazed killer would be removed from you. As for our green, it’s a complicated one, not one of the ‘pure’ colours as others describe them. Our green means we have accepted that we are not human and not normal infected. We see ourselves as a separate race above the others but not as their predators, as their next evolution and obvious rulers. We also see infected as nothing, hence our past-time here. They lack minds and are only good for fighting and entertainment.”


You take time to think as the infected left alive in the ring feed on the dead, then all leave and the corpses are dragged out by new infected, probably to eat later. A new set of ‘combatants’ enter. This time a huge infected bear verses a large horde of shamblers. One of the Lords whispers over the announcer’s commentary “The bear is very strong but far too dumb to act as a sentinel; it does heal well though so it always wins in the end.” You nod and keep thinking for a bit.


You can appreciate their stance, different and better than humans and infected but not their predator. It will be something to think on, you haven’t eaten anything but human in a while now though and you are already hungering for it. “So what about food, and you said ‘Pure’ colours?” You finally ask.

One of them nods as he replies, still facing the games. “Blue and red, they represent the ‘pure’ decisions as some call them. Red you know, blues are called guardians, the fastest and easiest ways to describe it is that they think they are superheroes, and I don’t mean that in a funny way. They truly believe they are humans who are granted their powers for a greater purpose to help or serve humanity. The Eastern colony is mostly ruled by them.” You smirk at the description and the idea of serving humans but one of the men responds “Oh I wouldn’t smirk at them until you see their power, their mental defense is unrivaled in its strength and adaptability they are truly forces to be reckoned with, like your old teacher is, his attack is fuelled by his rage and will be stronger than other colours, but his defense is weak. We are of one of the many in-between colours with our own strengths.”


This gives you pause, they lower themselves to serve humans but they are un-matched in aspects of their power. You truly will need to think more and come to your decision. One of the men continues “Oh and as for food, you really eat whatever you want so long as it matches your choice, we eat infected flesh and normal human food, either works. You will probably find it safest to eat infected flesh for now as normal food won’t sit well until your colour moves further from the red. Don’t try to eat any of our humans though, killing without our permission means you end in the pit.”


You watch the rest of the entertainment as you think and you are finally shown to a fairly nice room through a few tunnels and up some stairs, you guess it’s probably a 6th floor apartment in one of the surrounding buildings.
> You final choices
You spend most of the night thinking on all you had found out. There are now several paths open you and you feel that you need to come to a choice. You have thought several different things over the past few weeks and each holds interest, the only one you can’t bring yourself to believe is that you are a gifted human sent to protect them. “Too long with the Old Man to ever be able to truly believe that I guess.” You think as you cycle through things. The two Lords here didn’t give their names yet but you like their position, choosing the red is still and option of course, a very attractive one, accept that you are truly superior to all other as the Old Man did and gain massive power, you would have to eventually kill the Lords and the Old Man too but you could easily do that later.


They also didn’t go through all the possible colours or decisions, so there are other choices you could come too, they all involve moving away from the red though and accepting that you aren’t an alpha predator sent to earth to eat everything.


You consider everything, but eating humans just feels right. They warned you about going red but what is wrong with power and standing on top of the food chain on your own terms, you are already in so they won’t kill you right away and that will buy you the time you need.


You consider everything and the red is very tempting but they warned you strongly against it, you want to be on top but not at the expense of EVERYTHING else. You will find a way to rule and do as you wish, but not the red path.
> The red path
Going Crimson


You choose the red. You considered all things but you are a true ruler and you will not be bound by others ideals. You will stand on top of the world and the food chain!


You suddenly feel things crystalize around you, your senses clear and the haze around other minds reduces, you can see the humans minds clearly now, as well as the other harbingers, all of them your prey.


You’ve made the right choice and already feel more powerful for it, you could crush the Lords and take their community, eating the humans at your leisure, and when the Old Man comes, you can devour him. How pitiable that he actually was so weak that he had to practically beg for your help.


You flex your powers and see that your mind is like a fire now, as you stretch it out you can imagine the force of it crushing and burning everything before it. You suddenly notice one of the Lords sending you a link an laugh to yourself a little, the fools even let you inside and taught you how to be stronger! You accept the link to give them their final message before crushing and devouring them.


“You chose the red then?” one asks you instantly. You smirk and let the emotion carry over the link “Of course, what other real choice was there? Some weak compromise in the middle? Lowering myself to ‘protect’ my prey? No, I chose my rightful place!”


You feel disappointment and pity. Once you would have wondered at it but now that option is not there, it was an insult and that must be met with destruction, nothing more or less.


You lash out instantly, reveling in your new strength and feel your mind crashing into one of the harbingers, you can feel his defenses instantly begin to weaken. “See my power, your weakness means your death now that I am whole!” You announce as you push harder to completely cave his mind in and destroy him but you hear the other one respond. “Sadly not dear boy, did you really think we left you to make this choice without planning? Of course you did, reds do not think, they are like rabid dogs, only fit to be put down.”


You are about to respond in anger and lash out at him too when you feel an attack slam into your own mind and you are forced to defend against it, weakening your own attack. You can feel the defenses strengthening against you and know you could beat one of them but not while the other was attacking you. “If you were capable of it you should have learned from your teachers defeat, we do not have your attack or blues defense but we have a finesse each of you lacks. Like this for example.” You feel a sudden strange impact on your mental defenses and something slips through causing all of your senses to trigger at once, filling your head with pain and light.


You try to recover and lash out again but suddenly feel your arm vanish, you turn back to your normal senses and realize there are human mutants in the room with you and one of them is holding your severed arm. You roar at them and forgetting alla bout the other harbingers in your rage you try and lash out mentally and physically at the enemies around you.


Your mind explodes in pain and light again and once you recover you find yourself against a wall and see the monsters in front of you now holding both of your arms and a leg, you feel the blood draining from you as one of the Lords speaks to you. “It is too bad, we really thought you might join us, but it seems that the 3J’s and Madglee get to fest on you instead.


Your mind explodes one more time and you never recover.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You spend most of the night thinking on all you had found out. There are now several paths open you and you feel that you need to come to a choice. You have thought several different things over the past few weeks and each holds interest, the only one you can’t bring yourself to believe is that you are a gifted human sent to protect them. “Too long with the Old Man to ever be able to truly believe that I guess.” You think as you cycle through things. The two Lords here didn’t give their names yet but you like their position, choosing the red is still and option of course, a very attractive one, accept that you are truly superior to all other as the Old Man did and gain massive power, you would have to eventually kill the Lords and the Old Man too but you could easily do that later.


They also didn’t go through all the possible colours or decisions, so there are other choices you could come too, they all involve moving away from the red though and accepting that you aren’t an alpha predator sent to earth to eat everything.


You consider everything, but eating humans just feels right. They warned you about going red but what is wrong with power and standing on top of the food chain on your own terms, you are already in so they won’t kill you right away and that will buy you the time you need.


You consider everything and the red is very tempting but they warned you strongly against it, you want to be on top but not at the expense of EVERYTHING else. You will find a way to rule and do as you wish, but not the red path.
> You find your own path
Leaving the red behind


You are tempted by the red, but it is not worth loosing yourself to gain a little more power, and the Lords hinted that they might have other abilities that the reds do not. You will work on your own choice here with them until you are sure of your course.


A couple of hours later one of the Lords links to you and you join them again. They are both clearly happier with you and mention that your colour had already lightened, evidence of you rejecting the red.


You spend the next week with them, learning a few tricks that the Old Man hadn’t taught you and getting used to new food. You ate the flesh of the infected that died in the arena and it wasn’t so bad. It didn’t have the rush of fresh human but you got more used to it the more you ate and your old hunger reduced now that you knew it wasn’t even needed. You even get to really enjoy the special arena events the Lords host.


The Old Man soon makes his appearance though to make things more interesting. You are eating lunch when the Lords contact you and direct you to a ledge on one of the buildings, it is 60 stories up, which is only half way up the building they tell you that they can’t go too high or they won’t get the best view. As you stretch your senses out you see the tiny red sun on the western horizon, slowly getting closer.


“It seems he is attacking in the hopes of you following his plan to kill us as he does so, it is your move now friend, what do you choose to do?” One of them says to you. They showed you how to reveal lies In a mind by how the colours change, it is not exact but it is fairly accurate and you know they are much better at it than you, part of their being green you guess so you cannot lie to them.
> You say "I will help the Old man, I owe him that much"
You realize nearly instantly that this was a bad choice; you actually just told two harbingers that you would help their enemy try and kill them. You try and take it back but before you can open your mouth you feel the punch on your back and go sailing out into the air. Even with your toughness and healing ability you aren’t going to come out well from a 60 story fall


You do however have time to think about your own foolishness on the way down before finally hitting the road below.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Leaving the red behind


You are tempted by the red, but it is not worth loosing yourself to gain a little more power, and the Lords hinted that they might have other abilities that the reds do not. You will work on your own choice here with them until you are sure of your course.


A couple of hours later one of the Lords links to you and you join them again. They are both clearly happier with you and mention that your colour had already lightened, evidence of you rejecting the red.


You spend the next week with them, learning a few tricks that the Old Man hadn’t taught you and getting used to new food. You ate the flesh of the infected that died in the arena and it wasn’t so bad. It didn’t have the rush of fresh human but you got more used to it the more you ate and your old hunger reduced now that you knew it wasn’t even needed. You even get to really enjoy the special arena events the Lords host.


The Old Man soon makes his appearance though to make things more interesting. You are eating lunch when the Lords contact you and direct you to a ledge on one of the buildings, it is 60 stories up, which is only half way up the building they tell you that they can’t go too high or they won’t get the best view. As you stretch your senses out you see the tiny red sun on the western horizon, slowly getting closer.


“It seems he is attacking in the hopes of you following his plan to kill us as he does so, it is your move now friend, what do you choose to do?” One of them says to you. They showed you how to reveal lies In a mind by how the colours change, it is not exact but it is fairly accurate and you know they are much better at it than you, part of their being green you guess so you cannot lie to them.
> You say "The Old Man is a psycho and I owe him nothing, I will help you"
You aren’t going to help a psycho slaughter everyone here and turn this place into a giant living meat locker. Even if you were, telling two harbingers to their faces while 60 stories up was just the same as committing suicide.


They nod to you “Your job will simply be to shield, you can leave the infected gathering below to us, as well as any attacking. So long as you concentrate only on shielding and we aid you in that, we will win easily.”
> You nod and prepare for battle
You watch the Enemy get closer and closer and begin sensing his horde, you judge about 1500 infected, and a great number of those mutants. Normally this would have terrified you, but right below you were arrayed out nearly 4000 infected of various types and an extra thousand or so shamblers in a block in front of them. You can also sense quite a few of the strange infected minds that indicate human mutants “The Old Man has brought a large army today, I don’t see how he expects to win though.” One of the Lords comments.


“You really went all out on the defense then.” You comment for lack of anything better to say. One of the men laughs “Oh this is just a small part of the forces we could bring in but we knew he couldn’t have brought more than two thousand so we judged these sufficient and kept the rest in place to guard other areas.” You nod, you had seen some of the ring of defenders that these two had moved into place and it was no idle boast that this was just a part of their forces.


The approaching red mind suddenly flares and you slam your defenses into place, putting your shield over the two Lords through the link you had formed. You feel the other two adding strength to your defense as you feel some pressure pushing lightly on your mind.


Suddenly you feel rage strongly emanating from the Old Man and his attack slams against your defenses. Despite his rage and power, with your two allies supporting you, your defenses hold strong and you know you can easily hold him at bay. “It seems he knows you are choosing to support us then!” one of the Lords jokes. “Just keep the defenses up and this shall be fast.”


You do as asked and keep your defenses up but it quickly becomes apparent that it won’t matter soon. His horde was caught up in the block of shamblers, obviously devoid of fin control and will. In comparison, being free to do as they wish with you protecting them, the two Lords start dismantling his army in huge chunks while attacking him. Within minutes his attack has weakened then stops as he has to split his attention between his forces and defending.


You know it’s no use though as they pick up their attack on him once they took the more dangerous of his forces away and send in their own army to slaughter the rest. You watch him rage and fight harder but with the two of them attacking him, you can see he is losing badly and suddenly staggers back clutching his head. One of your allies shouts out “Ha flashed him! It’s over now!” and you can tell it as, before he recovers two of the humanoid mutants reach him and literally tear him apart.


You expect some shouting or celebration but the Lords simply stretch then start heading back inside while chatting “Well, we will eat well tonight at least, that was good exercise, I wonder how all the betting went?” You are confused for a moment but a quick scan shows that all the humans are in various buildings nearby watching the battle “You had them watch and bet on whether you would win or lose?” You ask after a moment.


“Oh dear me no.” one replies “We had them bet on enemy forces, losses and how long he would last. The big bet was what would kill him, us or the Army, it seems we only took the assist and the army stole the kill though.” He jokes. You shrug and follow them down inside, glancing at the screen in the arena as you pass you see that it has “BATTLE OF THE CENTURY! BZ, SETH AND SURPRISE NEWCOMER VS. PSYCHO OLD MAN!” displayed on it.


“What do you even need money for now?” you finally ask.


“Oh, not much, but it’s fun to fill bath tubs with.” BZ replies as you all head to a late lunch.
> You relaxing in the New City
Life is pretty good after that and the Lords can teach you a lot, the entertainment is good too!


*********************************************************************


 

Well done, you have reached another of the good endings in this version, later this arc will be greatly extended but I ran out of time so it ends here, congratulations!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You head further into the city centre alone and the hordes part for you, you can feel them dispersing to either side around you. “The Old Man said they keep them evenly spaced out in a ring, does this mean they knew I was coming?” You think as you walk.


Finally you see the two minds of the harbingers ahead of you without having to stretch your senses out, and you also see the minds of what seems like over 300 humans with them, the very thought makes you hungry.


As you get closer you see another link reaching out for you and as before you join in to let them converse with you. “You are only about an hour’s gentle walk away but you will need to circle a little to your left, that’s North, to get inside, only one entrance you see and everything is guarded to prevent any problems in our little haven.”


You carefully force your hunger and feelings down, if you’ve been getting snippits of theirs then they might get some of yours and that might not be good. “Of course, it’s getting dark but that isn’t really an issue for our kind, I’ll walk faster though so I don’t make you wait.”


There is a pause and you are about to drop the link when you hear one more question “You came from the West where our enemy lurked, Have you have any interaction with him, he has the feel of an old man, a very angry one at that.”


You pause for a moment; you didn’t expect this question so bluntly so you have to choose your words carefully.
> You lie. You can't have them know you are affiliated with him, tell them you only recently came from the North before turning East to the city centre and didn't meet another harbinger.
You Lie, can’t have them knowing the Truth.


“I don’t recall anyone by that description, although I only recently came into the West of the City from the North, above the old stadium area. I really just passed through and didn’t stay to investigate if any others were there.”


There is a longer pause than before and you get a little nervous when you hear the voice again. “Ok just up ahead you’ll see the underground entrance on your right? Good, that’s the entrance you’ll need to take, we are quite nicely set up in an old arena here, it was half underground before so makes it very defensible as you can imagine!” The tone seems jovial and the tunnel leads towards the minds you sense so you head inside.


As you walk through the tunnel which has obviously had some work done to it with reinforcements and walls removed or built you sense the humans all gathering up ahead. “Is something going on up there?” You ask down the link and immediately get the response “Of course! It’s not every day they get to see a new harbinger so this is somewhat of an event! Everyone has gathered for it. Some of the minds to the East don’t agree with our stance on the matter which is why we separated but we see that we are superior to humans and should be treated as such so we rule here like Gods in a way, when we say there is an event, EVERYONE attends, not that they’d want to miss this anyway.”


You heartily agree with the statement. You ARE better than humans, they are your prey after all, you can see their position though. Keeping them like pets to obey and serve you before eating them wouldn’t be so bad either.


You see some light up ahead and walk out into what looks like the centre of an arena with 10 foot walls of concrete topped with another 10 feet of metal and reinforced glass. The humans are all on the other side of the glass cheering down at you like fans watching a concert. Something clearly isn’t right though.


You sense the minds above you and looking up you see two cloaked figures sitting on a platform that extended out from the wall over the tiered rows of seats giving them the best view both around the room and down into the pit.


“Welcome to the City Arena! Rules by the Lords of the New City, this is the place where your post-apocalyptic fantasies can become a reality, for the right price!”


You now know that something is definitely wrong as a massive battered steel sheet slams down behind you, trapping you in the arena. Even with your enhanced strength you aren’t sure you could budge it without a lot of time and something to lever with.


The announcement continues though, the speakers voice amplified through a speaker system hanging high above of the roof. “Today we have a very rare treat for you, in the ring is a harbinger folks! That’s right, like our very own Lords of the city he has superhuman abilities and can control infected, however this one tried to lie to the Lords and we know how they take that don’t we!” The crowd responds with even more cheers.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“I like the undercover plan, they won’t know me so I can get inside and take them out personally as soon as you appear and take their attention.” You say.


The Old man simply nods and starts putting the map away carefully. “Then we leave in the morning! I will escort you closer but once we near the centre you will be on your own. Remember to act nice around them, can’t have them attacking you before you get inside!”


You nod back and snack on a bit of what you think must be a human bicep muscle before getting a couple of hour of rest. As the mornings first light arrives you grab a few handfuls of flesh and you both set out in the jeep again, this time towards the city centre.


It’s not long before you cover a good distance, riding is clearly faster than walking and before you know it you are walking away from the Jeep towards the city centre alone, the Old man heading off into a building to set himself up for a few days.


“Time to get things going then!” you think to yourself as you begin sensing infected ahead of you, already some mutants mixed in with the normal shamblers and fast types.
> You simply move them aside, might be best not to approach with an army at your back
You don’t want to appear too aggressive right away so you simply clear yourself a path through the infected, moving them aside as you walk and closing them back up behind you. “If this ring is part of their defense it’s probably best I leave it intact, and having a large number of infected might be useful in an emergency.” You think as you walk further and further in.


After a few hours you have given up counting all the infected in the area, this part of the city is made up of blocks of giant multi-story sky-scrapers which all must have had thousands of people inside each before the infection hit if not more. Now even if only 1 in 100 is left alive then that’s still hundreds of infected for every building you walk past, and the mutants are everywhere too. You have no idea if they were strays, pets or migrated here after the infection had taken over but there was no shortage of food for them here at least. You move them aside like the others, a few feel slightly different when you try to take them over but they move aside like the rest and you ignore them once you know you are safely past.


It’s nearly dinner time when you finally sense the gathering horde ahead of you. You carefully prepare your defenses and reach your mind out towards the city centre. You are just starting to sense something there when your senses show a strong green glow and you feel pressure on your mind. It’s like an attack but weaker than the ones the Old Man put you through when you were training and you are a lot stronger now than when you were training so you don’t even need to try to keep the pressure from your mind.
> You they are weak, the Old man said he was stronger than them individually when he faced them before. Take this one out here and now. The second one won't be an issue alone.
You Aren’t going to let some weakling push you around, they might have a lot of infected around them but it means nothing if their will is less than yours.


You leave the bare minimum defense against the attack then lash out as hard as you can against the Green haze in the city centre that you know represents you enemy. You know if you can crush them in a single fast attack that the second one won’t stand a chance.


You visualize your attack and send it racing out, almost gleefully imagining the moment it shatters right through the enemies weak and neglected defenses and you crush their mind.


But it doesn’t. Your attack smashes into a fully formed barrier, easily as strong as anything you could make. You feel it flex and buckle slightly but it is immediately shored up while the attack on you suddenly intensifies.


You realize your mistake too late, it was a trap to test whether you would attack and you failed. You frantically try to press your attack while holding your defense up but the enemies defense easily holds you to a stalemate while their attacks strains you defenses to their maximum. You try and think of a way out when the second attack slams into your mind and shatters your already weak defenses. You feel intense pain shooting through your mind.


You can barely handle the pain and are almost glad when everything ends.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You don’t want to appear too aggressive right away so you simply clear yourself a path through the infected, moving them aside as you walk and closing them back up behind you. “If this ring is part of their defense it’s probably best I leave it intact, and having a large number of infected might be useful in an emergency.” You think as you walk further and further in.


After a few hours you have given up counting all the infected in the area, this part of the city is made up of blocks of giant multi-story sky-scrapers which all must have had thousands of people inside each before the infection hit if not more. Now even if only 1 in 100 is left alive then that’s still hundreds of infected for every building you walk past, and the mutants are everywhere too. You have no idea if they were strays, pets or migrated here after the infection had taken over but there was no shortage of food for them here at least. You move them aside like the others, a few feel slightly different when you try to take them over but they move aside like the rest and you ignore them once you know you are safely past.


It’s nearly dinner time when you finally sense the gathering horde ahead of you. You carefully prepare your defenses and reach your mind out towards the city centre. You are just starting to sense something there when your senses show a strong green glow and you feel pressure on your mind. It’s like an attack but weaker than the ones the Old Man put you through when you were training and you are a lot stronger now than when you were training so you don’t even need to try to keep the pressure from your mind.
> You play everything safe, sure the attack is weak but the other one hasn't turned up. Hold fast and see what happens.
You aren’t going to risk everything on a blind attack right now, you don’t even know if this is a real attack of just a test so you simply stop moving and hold your defenses in place, waiting for their next move. It isn’t long before you see a thread of thought reaching out to you and you do the same just like the Old Man had taught. You immediately hear a voice.


“Hmm, you look like our old enemy but you came without an army and didn’t attack while I appeared weaker than you. Strange.”


You aren’t sure how to respond to this so go with the playing it simple option. “I’m not your old enemy; I’ve never been to the city centre before so I don’t think we have encountered each other before.”


The response comes with some small feelings of surprise “The truth is seems, you aren’t him after all, in that case what brings you to our little dominion alone as you are?”


Again you carefully consider before answering “I heard about the two of you and came to meet you.”


There is a longer pause this time before the answer finally comes “You may enter however do not try to control any infected now or once you are inside our ring.”


You had already decided to not bring a horde so you happily start forward alone once the communication thread vanishes<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>With first light you wake and check on your horde “Still right where I left you.” You think as you dress and head down into the street. You had left them all locked in a small hospital clinic you passed a couple of blocks South, you thought it was funny to pack it full of infected. You gather them together near the apartment when the Old man comes to you. “Interesting news, it seems they have left the stadium a few minutes ago!” You turn West and concentrate hard, it’s still many miles away but you get a faint sense of haziness there.


“Now now, don’t strain yourself, you are not practiced enough to sense properly over that distance, it’s even at the limit of my own abilities.” He looks over your Horde. “Excellent, all gathered, well you better get over to the North side and prepare to close the trap, remember that they have a jeep so just standing in the road won’t cut it!” he heads off cheerfully and you feel a large number of infected in a nearby building leave his control, they must be your part of the horde. You take control of them and along with your own horde you head North to look for some good blockade materials.


As you pass North you begin noticing a change, the closer to the Highways, the more cars there are. “Huh, they all went for the highway to escape and blocked each other in.” you mumble as you look around. “Well at least the cars might make the blockade easy enough.


You begin commanding your shamblers to start pushing the cars and taking off handbrakes when you notice the bus on a side road. A large solid looking city bus, easily capable of blocking the main road by itself. “Hah, almost too easy!” you say aloud as you redirect all of your forces to the bus and maneuver it pointing south, it would have to go round a bend to get into position but any closer and they could spot you as they pass so you put a shambler into the driving seat and take careful control of its mind so you can ensure the bus gets where it needs to go.


Then you wait, you carefully send your senses out West again a few times, not pushing it like before and after an few tries you begin to sense them coming closer and closer, moving at a solid pace. “They must all be jogging or running,” you suddenly panick and this they have enough vehicles for all of them but as they approach you realize that they are too spread out to be packed into a vehicle.


You settle back and track their progress, you have at least an hour to watch them approach and after a few minutes begin picking out individuals in the larger haze, you then start trying to assign names to them and think back to your time with them. It occurs to you for the first time in two weeks that you didn’t really need to go through with this. You could betray the old man and help the people from the stadium; they did treat you like a friend after all.


Stop concentrating on the haze; it’s causing you to think funny. You’re a predator and they are just pray


Watching the haze so closely for so long must have brought these thoughts on, however they are correct, why not help them. They helped you before and you are sure they would accept you if you saved them.
> You what have you been doing, you need to help them
You have to help them, the Old man was clearly altering your thoughts to make you do what he wanted but you were originally human, becoming stronger doesn’t change that so you should help the stadium survivors. You know that watching the haze so intently for a couple of hours brought this on but you feel like you know it’s the right thing to do.


You have control of a couple of shamblers in their path and walk them out to try and signal but they are killed instantly by what feels like intense gunfire. “The old man wasn’t kidding about the armored jeep at least.”


You start running towards them, intending to warn them in person about the trap but almost immediately feel the old man attempting to sense your thoughts. You block him out but know it will only hold for a few minutes, he can’t bring his full concentration onto you while controlling his horde.


You begin hearing them coming and are about to run out into the street when you remember the shamblers and instead hide behind a corner and start shouting to get their attention. You feel the pressure on you mind intensify and quickly send the order for all the infected you control to attack the old man’s horde. You feel it subside slightly as he has to divert his attention again.


“Who’s there?” you hear the convoy shouting to you. You step out. “It’s me! Don’t shoot!” You see all the guns pointed at you and the jeep slows but doesn’t stop, the pressure is already returning to your mind, you have little time. “It’s a trap, the harbinger has blocked the road off ahead, he has a huge army of infected ready to take you out.” You were about to say more when you feel the Old man’s mind slam into yours, your defenses hold but you are driven to your knees with the pain. You wince then speak again. “You have to change course, get away…” You feel the second mental attack and your defenses fail completely, the pain nearly blacks you out and you fall prone on the ground. You hear the Old man in your head. “Betraying me was a foolish mistake.” You hear him say sadly before he leaves your mind.


You almost celebrate, “He couldn’t finish me off” you think, you try and stand but feel too week from the mental attack and collapse again. You hear the Captain talking. “Bring him with us, but chain him up carefully. We change course, loop South near the city center to try and bypass any blockade.”


You are about to rejoice, they were taking you with them. Sadly in your current mental state you couldn’t sense the mutant dog behind you in the alleyway and in your physical state there is nothing you can do as it leaps onto your back and bites into your skull, crushing it instantly.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You hear a chuckle from inside and hear an old man’s voice calling to you. “Oh don’t worry so much and come on in, your abilities will grow stronger in time, you are simply less practiced than me!”


You start walking to the door and see and old man with a broom sweeping some near invisible dirt out of the door before standing aside for you to enter.


You walk past him to find yourself in the fanciest tailors you’ve ever seen, with suits you never could have afforded before the infection spread. You glance again at the old man then back to the suits. He is clearly well dressed but not in anything as fine as the clothing in the store.


You hear him chuckling again as pulls the shutters down and closes the door leaving everything in a dim sort of twilight. “Yes I am the tailor not the customer. I made every suit in this store to sell to others but it never felt quite right to wear one myself.” You can make out that he is looking you up and down, clearly not bothered by the lack of light. “You on the hand might need some new clothing; I’ll adjust something for you later. For now let’s head upstairs.” He heads off still holding his broom and you follow him closely, trying not to bump into anything until you reach the second floor and light from the open windows makes it easier to see.


You let him get several feet ahead of you to see him better. He is clearly a frail old man and you begin wondering if he is really strong enough to be the other harbinger when he moves faster than you thought possible and in right in front of you, pinning your arms in a grip that doesn’t even let you move an inch. “Yes indeed I am the harbinger, and yes I am defiantly strong enough.” He releases you and walks over to a small chair beside a table covered with slices of meat. “Come have a seat, and yes, I can read your mind. Your powers are developing but they are still in their infancy, I will train you to use them properly so long as you don’t disappoint me.”


You take a seat and immediately recognize the smell of the meat as fresh human. The old man smiles. “Yes I usually have a couple hanging around in old cellars to keep them fresh for me, my servants bring them to me when they find them and I divide them between myself and my horde.”


He is clearly expecting you to eat, so you do. It’s not as if you haven’t eaten humans before and its nice to have human flesh again, it makes your whole body feel better. “Oh good, I was a little worried that you had sided with humans and might refuse to eat the meat but that’s the first test past. Here is the second.” The old man says to you as a shambler comes in through a previously closed door and begins to lunge for you.


Your old reflexes tell you to go for your bat but your new practice kicks in and you reflexively lash out with your mind instead. You see it suddenly stumble back against a wall as if physically struck, before sinking down and not moving any more. “Ah, and the second test passed too, you didn’t have to kill it though you know?” The old man says to you.


“Erm, sorry about that, it was reflexive and I’ve only been using this ability for a couple of weeks, I didn’t know I could kill them.” You suddenly feel your nose bleeding again and quickly pich it to prevent the blood pouring out on your clothing.


The old man gives you a very happy look. “Only a couple of weeks, well that is great news, it means you are developing very quickly. The quicker the development, the higher the potential! Well I accept you as my student. Over the next few weeks I will be training you in all aspects of your gift, starting with shielding your mind from others, we aren’t the only ones out there you know.”


The old man pauses and looks at you intently. “That is of course if you choose to learn from me, if so I will teach you for a few weeks and you will then aid me in destroying the last holdouts in the stadium, the greater plans will be revealed after that. Or you can leave now.”


You glance around; he isn’t holding a weapon or acting threateningly. You also are pretty sure he didn’t lock the shutter and a glance out the window shows that the streets are clear. You try and sense the infected in the area again but try and block the old man’s mind out as you do so to prevent the painful blindness from before. It somewhat works and you sense that all the infected are right where they were when you sensed them the first time. He clearly isn’t making any obvious moves to trap you.


Choose to stay and learn, it’s what you are after all, a harbinger.


Back out politely and head back to the stadium, you were happier there and the old man is a bit creepy.
> Back out politely and head back to the stadium, you were happier there and the old man is a bit creepy.
You decide to leave, you’re not sure you want to learn from a slightly creepy old man and you were getting to like some of the people in the stadium, the food was even sitting better. You get to your feet. “Well I think I should be going, thank you for the offer.” You tense but the old man makes no move as he replies. “This is a shame, you had so much promise and even managed to slightly shield my mind when you checked on my horde. Clearly a fast learner. It is too bad indeed.”


Seeing his lack of aggression you  head for the door, as you reach the stairs down you feel a sudden impact and looking down you see a foot of broom handle sticking out of the front of your chest around where you no longer beating heart should be.


“Well at least you will make a very special meal.” You hear the old man say as you tumble dying into the stairwell.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab one of the men’s bags, partly full of tins, and carefully clean any trace of blood off your face. Leaving the guns behind, you bash in the head of the slowly dying fast type to make it look like you fought, then head back to the stadium. Once close you start running and panting a little for effect. The guards see you some distance away and they are already with guns aimed past you at the street when you get close. “They swarmed us, I was the only one fast enough to get away!” you call up. The gate opens and you are ushered inside quickly before seeing it being barricaded again from the inside.


You tell your story about seeming to be ambushed by them when you were in the store a couple more times and it seems like everyone is buying it. Just a few days before the other scavengers to loose teammates told a similar story after all.


You are given the rest of the day and the next one off from duties and spend it relaxing in your tent, simply prying with your mind as far as you could and drawing any infected you find, closer to the stadium. It seems that wherever you leave them, they stay. Sure they wander around nearby streets and buildings sometimes but never too far from where they started and they seem to usually return there.


By dinner of the second day you have a fair number of shamblers and 1 fast type in the surrounding alleyways and buildings and you hear over dinner that everyone is sure that the harbinger had returned. Seem like this sort of thing fitted right into their suspicions. Time to get to work, the food here feels like its poisoning you now the more you eat of it.


You have your army ready and know the enemy defenses perfectly; they think you are one of their defenders after all. At night the doc often sleeps in his office and there are only two guards so you are sure you can get the 4 shamblers out to go wild inside then all you’ll need is to get some on the ones from outside into the stadium to complete your victory. You are considering the best way to do this when you sense all the infected you brought close suddenly begin leaving towards the South and you cannot bring them back no matter how hard you concentrate.


The last one pauses and you can feel that it seems to be waving at you for a few minutes, beckoning you after it almost, before it turns and heads South and eventually out of your range to sense it.


“Well that’s odd.”  You think as you watch it vanish along with your immediate attack plans. “Best bet is that they were right and the original harbinger is back, seems he wants to talk to me too.”


The morning will bring a new decision to make, Go to meet the other harbinger or ignore his summons and take down the stadium yourself with your own army; you’ll just need to gather a new one first.
> You ignore him, you will deal with the stadium first then decide his fate later
Ignore the fool who stole your army for now, you can deal with him once you practice your own powers more and wipe out the stadium community. You spend the morning planning and stretching your powers as much as you can until you finally manage to detect something further North “Must be up near the highway.” You think as you head to find the Capt.


He is a little surprised at first but you carefully explain that you really just want to keep busy and heading out with a scavenging party to the North should be perfect since it’s the furthers from the city centre and so should be the safest. He reluctantly agrees with you and the team for the day gets redirected to one of the Northern targets. You get to tag along as the 5th man.


It only takes a couple of hours to get to the Highway on ramps directly North and your team raids the convenience stores there for supplies, finding a surprisingly good amount, seems like after the highway got fully blocked with cars and infected, no-one came back here.


You also get lucky with the infected, you find a few dozen can be sensed from this far North so as you grab tins of Spam off a shelf you concentrate on beginning to steer them all South. Mostly shamblers and a few fast ones. You find one mind that’s different from the rest, hazy like a normal but also cracked and venerable with twisted knots inside. You give it a test push to see if you can affect it but it reacts erratically and you immediately realize that it would be a lot more work to try and affect it in any meaningful way so you leave it alone for now. No point getting a nosebleed now just for a single crazy.


Watching the others work at filling their bags you realize you’re in the perfect spot for a meal again and the hunger begins to rise. You even have a proper little horde this time you could use.
> You call in the horde to swarm them and feed, the fresh human flesh boosts your healing so maybe your powers too.
You decide that this is simply too good an opportunity to pass up and call the little horde forward to surround your team. You simply have to eat and test if their flesh can increase your powers faster, you also need to get the taste of their rations out of your system, the more of them you eat, the worse they make you feel so it will be good to get some real food again.


You carefully begin positioning your horde to ambush the group. You’ve never actively tried to control this many at once and you begin to feel the strain after just a few seconds. However you force yourself to keep going, fighting off a splitting headache until you are all half way back and you have the horde move it, fast ones followed by the shamblers. You feel your nose bleeding again and your headache becomes nearly unbearable but once the attack has begun you releases some of the control knowing that they can finish the job themselves.


The team is almost instantly overwhelmed and you quickly join in the feeding, just controlling the ones nearest you to ensure they don’t attack you like they normally would. You rest for a few minutes after and can almost feel the fresh human flesh refilling your energy, the headache even passes a little and finally you clean off the blood and begin heading back to the stadium trying the same act as before.


Sadly the Capt. is there this time and they don’t seem to believe your story.


“It seems to me that a lot of our problems began right when you arrived here and now two entire teams get wiped out with you untouched. You can understand how this looks can’t you?”


You try and profess your innocence but your headache is back in full swing having brought your horde closer in to the North of the stadium and you find it hard to think straight never mind sound convincing. You finally get control of yourself and begin to try and reason your way out of this when you feel a sudden pain like a whip in your mind and you vomit at your own feet.


Sadly you have been eating a reasonably amount of human flesh and skin and blood is clearly still recognizable in the mess.


You don’t even get a chance to run before all the shots ring out and you fall backwards riddled with bullets.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Ignore the fool who stole your army for now, you can deal with him once you practice your own powers more and wipe out the stadium community. You spend the morning planning and stretching your powers as much as you can until you finally manage to detect something further North “Must be up near the highway.” You think as you head to find the Capt.


He is a little surprised at first but you carefully explain that you really just want to keep busy and heading out with a scavenging party to the North should be perfect since it’s the furthers from the city centre and so should be the safest. He reluctantly agrees with you and the team for the day gets redirected to one of the Northern targets. You get to tag along as the 5th man.


It only takes a couple of hours to get to the Highway on ramps directly North and your team raids the convenience stores there for supplies, finding a surprisingly good amount, seems like after the highway got fully blocked with cars and infected, no-one came back here.


You also get lucky with the infected, you find a few dozen can be sensed from this far North so as you grab tins of Spam off a shelf you concentrate on beginning to steer them all South. Mostly shamblers and a few fast ones. You find one mind that’s different from the rest, hazy like a normal but also cracked and venerable with twisted knots inside. You give it a test push to see if you can affect it but it reacts erratically and you immediately realize that it would be a lot more work to try and affect it in any meaningful way so you leave it alone for now. No point getting a nosebleed now just for a single crazy.


Watching the others work at filling their bags you realize you’re in the perfect spot for a meal again and the hunger begins to rise. You even have a proper little horde this time you could use.
> You hold off for now, they are a suspicious lot and probably won't believe that you are the only one to get away twice in a row.
You are highly tempted to wipe this team out just like you did with the last one but you know the guards would be too suspicious of you if that happened and it would make your life a lot harder so you hold off for now and instead have your new small horde hold off a few miles North of you and follow behind as you all return to the stadium.


You’ve never actively tried to control this many at once and you begin to feel the strain after just a few seconds. However you force yourself to keep going, fighting off a splitting headache until you are all half way back. You feel your nose beginning to bleed this time and quickly plug it up tight with some balls of cloth. It means the blood backs up and you have to swallow it, but it’s better than having it streaming down your face again.


You finally arrive back at the stadium and release your active hold on the infected to the North, leaving them all just inside your current maximum reach as you head inside. You receive several comments about how pale and terrible you look and quickly try to explain that maybe it was too soon after looking your other team. You quickly drop off the supplies and collapse into you tent with your head feeling like it’s going to split open where you fall unconscious for the rest of the evening and right through the night.
> You waking up as lord of your own little horde.
When morning comes you wake slowly and groggily, the last remnants of your headache still present however you immediately notice that you can sense your horde still milling about where you left them. You can even sense some of the stragglers further back that you had lost control of last night due to the pain.


Trying to direct them right now is out of the question though as you know you over-did it the day before and you don’t want to risk any more bleeding incidents right now, there is only so many times you can lose half a pint of blood from your nose before people realize something is wrong.


You find the Doc waiting for you at breakfast to check on your condition. “I heard you looked like death last night, one of the guards almost shot you before your team convinced him that you were ok and hadn’t been bitten.”


You think fairly carefully before replying. “Yeh, I think it might just have been a bit soon after losing my other team, I thought being back out there might help me get over it but I guess it had the opposite reaction. Feeling better today but still got a headache so might be best if I rest for a bit.”


The Doc nods and goes to chat with the Capt. who comes over. “We saw things like this back in the wars so don’t worry too much about it, it should mostly pass in a day or two, just let the doc here know if you start feeling overly paranoid or having flashbacks in the next week. You and your team brought back a huge haul of tins and supplies so don’t worry about the scavenging or other duties for a few days either.”


He heads off and you finally relax. They were giving you exactly what you needed to destroy them.


You head back to your tent with full permission to do nothing for a couple of days and fall asleep again, waking about lunchtime with your headache finally gone.


You do however notice that one of the hazy blobs that mark a normal is still hanging around near your tent exactly where it was when you went to sleep. “Seems they are having me followed” You think “best act as normal as possible for a bit then”


You head outside and see some of the guys you are friendlier with eating so you head over to join them, and sure enough your shadow follows, you never catch a glimpse of him so he must be one of the military ones or just very good at following people “Maybe they put an ex-stalker after me” you think with a laugh as you start joining in the conversation over lunch.


By the next morning of acting normal again your shadow vanishes and you feel up to flexing your powers again. You reach out to your horde and find that, as expected, it’s simple to control them all at once now. “So keep pushing the limits, but not too far or for too long” You think to yourself as you plan your next move.
> You hit the stadium right away, get infected inside before they can react and defend properly
You have the horde, the ability to use them and you even have a reasonable plan, why wait?


You head down into the basement on the premise of getting checkup by the doc and even get a few comments from the guards about them being glad you are feeling better. What a surprise it was going to be for them. Once in his office, you left him swing the door shut then, while his back is still turned you snap his neck from behind. “Huh, much easier than expected” you think as you carefully move his body out of sight from the corridor.


You give it a few minutes then exit the office, closing the door behind you and head back out to the two waiting guards who unbolt the door for you and let you through. “Clean bill of health then?” one asks.


You smile as you reply “Better than ever!” You punch him in the throat, planning just to crush the wind pipe but you feel his spine snap at the impact as you move to the next guard, you have your hand over his mouth and his neck snapped before the first even hits the floor. You quickly glance down at your hands before grabbing them both and half carry them down to the doc’s office to hide them.


“Ok I was fast and strong before but this is on a whole new level. Guess advancing my other powers is helping my body too.” You think as you take the locks off the cell doors and let the four shamblers out. Number 4 is barely able to walk and two are half starved so you let them join you in feeding on the Doc. And the guards while you slowly make your horde move into position.


Once you are finished you move with your little team of shamblers to the base of the stairs that lead up to the stadium and wait while your little horde surrounds the stadium, everywhere there are balconies that could lead inside.


It’s just before lunch when you start the attack, shamblers and fast types moving out of the alleys and towards the stadium as fast of each of them is able. You immediately hear gunshots ringing out from the front balconies along with occasional booms indicating the 50cal. Sniper is getting involved too. The flanks are slower to react though like you predicted and your horde is already reaching the ditches and barricades by the time they open fire.


You can feel large numbers of your horde dropping dead or injured now but you press them forward, each one that falls increases your fine control over the rest and with your guidance they are moving through the defenses at a good speed.


The fast types reach the flanks about the time you realize the front is lost, two thirds of the infected there are already down and more drop every second. Seems the military guys on gate duty today are no slouches.


You quickly try and read where the normal are and find haziness moving towards all parts of the stadium with two coming your way. The reinforcements are reacting already, that’s not the best news but you have fast types climbing up to the side balconies right now and you feel them taking down a couple of guards on the right side before the others get there.
> You head out to attack from the rear; make sure your horde gets inside
Now is the time to strike, you can take out the re-enforcements headed to the right and ensure your horde breeches the perimeter.


You rush out with your shamblers following behind and run right into the two guards who were headed your way. You punch one right away and feel his chest cave, the other manages to shout and tries to raise his gun, but you’re too fast and bat it aside, letting your shamblers take him down.


You begin heading to the right, to take out the re-enforcements however the shamblers, true to their name, move slowly and you decide to leave them behind and rush for the right flank. You arrive shortly behind the guards and feel them killing your horde but you attack from the rear and quickly kill all three, letting your horde into the stadium.


You give it a few moments for them to get the first few inside as you try and prolong the other fights, the front attack is pretty much wiped out but you keep the badly wounded moving to draw attention at least. The left side has made the walls but it’s a much harder climb there so they aren’t doing well either. “Time to attack from the inside.”  You think as you head down from the balcony with your small force.


The first thing you notice is the low rumbling that seems out of place in the normally quiet stadium, the second thing is that the noise is coming from a large armored military jeep parked right in the middle of the field and pointing its mounted gun your way.


Even with your super human speed, you can’t dodge bullets, so when the heavy machine-gun opens fire you feel yourself being torn apart along with your horde.


“They had a back-up plan.”  You think as you fall.


“I could have told you that, if you had been willing to listen.” You hear in your head right before it goes black.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You have the horde, the ability to use them and you even have a reasonable plan, why wait?


You head down into the basement on the premise of getting checkup by the doc and even get a few comments from the guards about them being glad you are feeling better. What a surprise it was going to be for them. Once in his office, you left him swing the door shut then, while his back is still turned you snap his neck from behind. “Huh, much easier than expected” you think as you carefully move his body out of sight from the corridor.


You give it a few minutes then exit the office, closing the door behind you and head back out to the two waiting guards who unbolt the door for you and let you through. “Clean bill of health then?” one asks.


You smile as you reply “Better than ever!” You punch him in the throat, planning just to crush the wind pipe but you feel his spine snap at the impact as you move to the next guard, you have your hand over his mouth and his neck snapped before the first even hits the floor. You quickly glance down at your hands before grabbing them both and half carry them down to the doc’s office to hide them.


“Ok I was fast and strong before but this is on a whole new level. Guess advancing my other powers is helping my body too.” You think as you take the locks off the cell doors and let the four shamblers out. Number 4 is barely able to walk and two are half starved so you let them join you in feeding on the Doc. And the guards while you slowly make your horde move into position.


Once you are finished you move with your little team of shamblers to the base of the stairs that lead up to the stadium and wait while your little horde surrounds the stadium, everywhere there are balconies that could lead inside.


It’s just before lunch when you start the attack, shamblers and fast types moving out of the alleys and towards the stadium as fast of each of them is able. You immediately hear gunshots ringing out from the front balconies along with occasional booms indicating the 50cal. Sniper is getting involved too. The flanks are slower to react though like you predicted and your horde is already reaching the ditches and barricades by the time they open fire.


You can feel large numbers of your horde dropping dead or injured now but you press them forward, each one that falls increases your fine control over the rest and with your guidance they are moving through the defenses at a good speed.


The fast types reach the flanks about the time you realize the front is lost, two thirds of the infected there are already down and more drop every second. Seems the military guys on gate duty today are no slouches.


You quickly try and read where the normal are and find haziness moving towards all parts of the stadium with two coming your way. The reinforcements are reacting already, that’s not the best news but you have fast types climbing up to the side balconies right now and you feel them taking down a couple of guards on the right side before the others get there.
> You ambush the two near you and keep hidden for now, wait for the right moment.
You don’t want to play your hand just yet so you wait and concentrate on controlling the right flank now that they had made the balcony. Concentrating on them so much will lose you control elsewhere but the front group is almost entirely gone and the left flank is having huge issues climbing up so it’s the best choice for now.


You have them hide either side of the door as the first of the shamblers starts to reach the top of the rubble and attempt to get over the balcony rail. The guards take the bait and rush forward, shooting the shamblers in front of them the moment they arrive and you have the hidden infected ambush them. You still lose one of them, but that’s two fast ones inside and more following up with the shamblers.


You move to the side as you sense the guards heading down the stairs to you and quickly, but brutally dispatch them the second the round the corner. Can’t have them raising the alarm on you now. You hear a low rumbling from the back of the stadium but have to ignore it for the moment, it’s probably a generator or something and right now you have to get rid of the military guys at the front balconies. You sense no-one nearby so you head up the stairs as quickly as you can make your group move and start slipping between the shacks and tents toward the front.


You hear the rumble getting louder and realize where you recognize it from. It’s a car engine, and a powerful one at that. You haven’t heard a working one in years. You speed up and direct your forces from the right to swarm down inside then up towards the front balcony to take them out before whatever type of car it is gets involved but you are too late.


You hear the sound of a heavy machine gun opening up and instantly feel your force on the right flank go down, you have more coming but all your fast types in the stadium just got taken out in seconds and you are left trapped between the big gun and the balcony.
> You rush the big gun, so long as it's around, you are doomed
You send your four shamblers to the side a little then have them charge towards the vehicle as you circle round a little as quickly as you can before attacking from its flank.


You immediately see that it is a fully armored military jeep with a 50cal. On the roof which tears through your distraction in seconds. With your new found speed though, it’s enough for you to cover the ground necessary for you to launch yourself at the jeep, landing on the roof and grabbing the gunner before he can turn to face you.


You are about to let of a whoop of elation and kill him when you hear a strange voice in your head.


“Close, but you forgot to account for the Captain, he is not a stupid man.” You get the urgent sense that you should look right, and see the captain and several others in full military garb hiding behind the shacks and pointing rifles at you. They don’t give you a chance to dodge before firing.


The last thing you feel is the voice in your head again. “Of course he knew that the jeep was the lynch-pin so he guarded it with his best men.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You don’t want to play your hand just yet so you wait and concentrate on controlling the right flank now that they had made the balcony. Concentrating on them so much will lose you control elsewhere but the front group is almost entirely gone and the left flank is having huge issues climbing up so it’s the best choice for now.


You have them hide either side of the door as the first of the shamblers starts to reach the top of the rubble and attempt to get over the balcony rail. The guards take the bait and rush forward, shooting the shamblers in front of them the moment they arrive and you have the hidden infected ambush them. You still lose one of them, but that’s two fast ones inside and more following up with the shamblers.


You move to the side as you sense the guards heading down the stairs to you and quickly, but brutally dispatch them the second the round the corner. Can’t have them raising the alarm on you now. You hear a low rumbling from the back of the stadium but have to ignore it for the moment, it’s probably a generator or something and right now you have to get rid of the military guys at the front balconies. You sense no-one nearby so you head up the stairs as quickly as you can make your group move and start slipping between the shacks and tents toward the front.


You hear the rumble getting louder and realize where you recognize it from. It’s a car engine, and a powerful one at that. You haven’t heard a working one in years. You speed up and direct your forces from the right to swarm down inside then up towards the front balcony to take them out before whatever type of car it is gets involved but you are too late.


You hear the sound of a heavy machine gun opening up and instantly feel your force on the right flank go down, you have more coming but all your fast types in the stadium just got taken out in seconds and you are left trapped between the big gun and the balcony.
> You rush the balcony; if you take it out you can get more infected inside to deal with the big gun.
You know you can’t take the heavy gun on with only four shamblers so you rush for the front balcony instead, aiming to get to the highest one you can attack the ones below from there and they will never expect it.


You can’t move at speed with the shamblers following so you send them to the left to see if they can do damage there but just as you reach the stairs up you feel them go down as you hear the heavy gun again. Glancing behind you, you see a fully armored military jeep parked right in the middle of the stadium with its 50cal. Now turning towards you. You use all the speed you can and manage to dive out of the way before it opens fire and you see the stairs where you hand been a moment before erupt into a shower of debris.


“Now what do I do.” You think to yourself as you hide behind a pillar. “I would try running away if I were you, this little attack isn’t working out for you.” Comes the unbidden reply into your mind. You pause speechless for a moment “What the hell, my mind is talking to me now, are you the source of my powers?” You think at the air in front of you. You sense laughter in the response. “Oh dear me no, that did make me laugh! I’m simply another gifted, although significantly more powerful than a fledgling like yourself. I was hoping you’d accept my invitation to meet and discuss the stadium but you had to go and take this rash course instead. Well if you survive then come find me, I’m to your South. I doubt you will though.”


You get the feeling that whoever it was has gone so you concentrate on your current predicament. You’re now surrounded, you’re covered with human blood since you were feeding on corpses and you attack is failing.


All that’s left is to trust in your speed. You crouch then move right into a full sprint up the rest of the stairs, you hear the big gun starting to fire behind you but the bullets don’t find you until you have reached the balcony, you feel one tearing clean through your leg but dive through the doors and the shooting stops. Sadly this particular balcony is full of heavily armed soldiers. You manage to take three of them down before the others get shots on you and you slowly go down, bleeding from multiple bullet holes.


“Ah, thought so.” You hear in your mind before it goes blank.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>When morning comes you wake slowly and groggily, the last remnants of your headache still present however you immediately notice that you can sense your horde still milling about where you left them. You can even sense some of the stragglers further back that you had lost control of last night due to the pain.


Trying to direct them right now is out of the question though as you know you over-did it the day before and you don’t want to risk any more bleeding incidents right now, there is only so many times you can lose half a pint of blood from your nose before people realize something is wrong.


You find the Doc waiting for you at breakfast to check on your condition. “I heard you looked like death last night, one of the guards almost shot you before your team convinced him that you were ok and hadn’t been bitten.”


You think fairly carefully before replying. “Yeh, I think it might just have been a bit soon after losing my other team, I thought being back out there might help me get over it but I guess it had the opposite reaction. Feeling better today but still got a headache so might be best if I rest for a bit.”


The Doc nods and goes to chat with the Capt. who comes over. “We saw things like this back in the wars so don’t worry too much about it, it should mostly pass in a day or two, just let the doc here know if you start feeling overly paranoid or having flashbacks in the next week. You and your team brought back a huge haul of tins and supplies so don’t worry about the scavenging or other duties for a few days either.”


He heads off and you finally relax. They were giving you exactly what you needed to destroy them.


You head back to your tent with full permission to do nothing for a couple of days and fall asleep again, waking about lunchtime with your headache finally gone.


You do however notice that one of the hazy blobs that mark a normal is still hanging around near your tent exactly where it was when you went to sleep. “Seems they are having me followed” You think “best act as normal as possible for a bit then”


You head outside and see some of the guys you are friendlier with eating so you head over to join them, and sure enough your shadow follows, you never catch a glimpse of him so he must be one of the military ones or just very good at following people “Maybe they put an ex-stalker after me” you think with a laugh as you start joining in the conversation over lunch.


By the next morning of acting normal again your shadow vanishes and you feel up to flexing your powers again. You reach out to your horde and find that, as expected, it’s simple to control them all at once now. “So keep pushing the limits, but not too far or for too long” You think to yourself as you plan your next move.
> You wait for nightfall then sneak them in slowly. Attack once you have a good force inside
Your stalker is gone, headache is gone and you can now control a horde easily. What more could you want from life? To wipe out this little holdout of normals of course!


You don’t want to rush things too much though; no sense attacking in the day when they defenders can all easily see and shoot your horde from far away, nighttime is the best option. You spend the rest of the day acting nice and chatting with people; you get several comments about how much better you are looking and always thank the person a lot and say how you think you’ll be back out there in no time. All the while you move your horde slowly closer to the stadium, until finally just before sunset they are hidden a single street away from the start of the barricades.


You pretend to head to sleep for the night and wait for several hours. About 2am most people get sleepy whether or not they slept during the day so you wait until then and finally sneak out of your tent, heading towards the right-hand balcony Grabbing a combat knife along the way. Some fallen rubble means that your horde should easily be able to climb in there and there aren’t usually too many guards.


You get close and almost get onto the balcony itself before you are challenged by the guards there. “Who’s that moving back there?” they call back to you in a not entirely unfriendly voice, your Inside the stadium after all.


“Hey man, it’s just me.” You say stepping out into the moonlight. “Couldn’t sleep you know, remembering the other day.” The guard nods, probably thinking of his own nightmares fueled by watching people he knew killed. “Well you’re welcome to join us out here, it’s just me and Daed here tonight and I’ve heard his stories far too many times. Daed gives you a wave then does back to staring out into the darkness.


You smile and lean back against the door frame, behind the two of them. “Thanks man, but I’m not sure I’ve heard all his stories yet.” You hear a groan from the first guard as Daed immediately starts into a story about when he was riding his motorcycle.


You let him talk away as the other man shakes his head and looks out into the darkness, leaving both of their backs to you. It’s almost too east from there. You move quietly and stab the first guard in the neck, jumping over to Daed and putting your hand over his mouth before he has time to shout. A quick stab and he dies too leaving you alone on the moonlit balcony. You quickly start calling your horde in small groups to ensure they make as little noise as possible and after a few minutes the first group is climbing up with you.
> You have a handful of fast ones and a handful of shamblers, strike now as the others make their way up. You can take out most of the other guards as the rest of your horde gets inside.
You gather your ready infected and head right back down the stairs from the balcony; from here you can send the fast ones to one front side balcony while you attack another then re-group to attack the rest, by that time a large number of infected should be ready to sweep down over the living areas.


You make it half way down the stairs at the front of your group before realizing that something is wrong, there are far too many hazy areas moving around in the center of the stadium and ahead of you. You try and concentrate but can’t make out more details of what is going on in the near complete darkness of the interior.  You wait a few moments for your eyes to adjust so you can see what’s happening when you realize your mistake.


You hear a barely audible whirring noise as your eyes adjust enough to realize that there is a huge armored jeep parked right in the middle of the stadium’s open area and its gun is both spinning, and pointed your way.


They had taken the obvious follower off you but they must have still been keeping an eye on you, you think as the Jeeps gun opens fire. You dive to the side into a row of seats as you feel your small group of infected getting torn apart by the high caliber bullets. You try and think of where to run when you hear the separate boom at the same time as a hole appears in a seat in front of you and you feel a huge impact in your side. The dam 50cal. Sniper just shot you right through your cover.


You try and run back to the balcony but you are already wounded and barely make it two feet before the second boom rings out and a hole appears in your chest.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your stalker is gone, headache is gone and you can now control a horde easily. What more could you want from life? To wipe out this little holdout of normals of course!


You don’t want to rush things too much though; no sense attacking in the day when they defenders can all easily see and shoot your horde from far away, nighttime is the best option. You spend the rest of the day acting nice and chatting with people; you get several comments about how much better you are looking and always thank the person a lot and say how you think you’ll be back out there in no time. All the while you move your horde slowly closer to the stadium, until finally just before sunset they are hidden a single street away from the start of the barricades.


You pretend to head to sleep for the night and wait for several hours. About 2am most people get sleepy whether or not they slept during the day so you wait until then and finally sneak out of your tent, heading towards the right-hand balcony Grabbing a combat knife along the way. Some fallen rubble means that your horde should easily be able to climb in there and there aren’t usually too many guards.


You get close and almost get onto the balcony itself before you are challenged by the guards there. “Who’s that moving back there?” they call back to you in a not entirely unfriendly voice, your Inside the stadium after all.


“Hey man, it’s just me.” You say stepping out into the moonlight. “Couldn’t sleep you know, remembering the other day.” The guard nods, probably thinking of his own nightmares fueled by watching people he knew killed. “Well you’re welcome to join us out here, it’s just me and Daed here tonight and I’ve heard his stories far too many times. Daed gives you a wave then does back to staring out into the darkness.


You smile and lean back against the door frame, behind the two of them. “Thanks man, but I’m not sure I’ve heard all his stories yet.” You hear a groan from the first guard as Daed immediately starts into a story about when he was riding his motorcycle.


You let him talk away as the other man shakes his head and looks out into the darkness, leaving both of their backs to you. It’s almost too east from there. You move quietly and stab the first guard in the neck, jumping over to Daed and putting your hand over his mouth before he has time to shout. A quick stab and he dies too leaving you alone on the moonlit balcony. You quickly start calling your horde in small groups to ensure they make as little noise as possible and after a few minutes the first group is climbing up with you.
> You wait for the rest of your horde, you have time before the guard change and it will be safer to swarm everything at once.
There is no point in rushing now, you’re horde is climbing up and will soon be strong enough to swarm over the sleeping areas while you took the fastest ones to help with the other balconies. It’s only a few minutes before the balcony is getting full and you do a quick check ahead, trying to sense out the best targets you send the horde after.


You immediately realize something is wrong, there is an awful lot of movement going on down there for the middle of the night, you edge through the doorway and carefully keep to cover while you let your eye adjust and look out.


You quickly realize that there is something large in the middle of the previously empty space in the stadium and there are a lot of men out with guns, all in a nice big semi-circle around the stairs you were about to walk down.


“They must have had someone still keeping an eye on me” You think as you back carefully back onto the balcony. It really doesn’t look like you can do much more here, you’re going to have to escape.


You take more immediate control of the infected on the balcony, packed in as they are you have two dozen up here and more still climbing so you send they rushing down at the defenders, maybe they will be surprised and get over-run, worth a try after all.


You almost instantly feel them getting torn apart as you hear what sounds like a heavy machine gun open fire. Punctuated now and them by a single boom which always co-insided with one of the infected dying from a huge wound to the chest.


You swear to yourself as you realize that every one of them was killed in seconds and didn’t even get close to the defenders. You quickly climb down outside the stadium and set off at a run to try and put some distance between you and it. You leave the infected trying to climb inside as a distraction so you aren’t followed immediately.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The second mission begins the same as the first, a team of 4 sent out to check an old store you think might still have some supplies in it. This one is a little further away but it’s to the West and away from the city center so your team is confident that they won’t run into too much trouble.


You set out happily, planning on testing your ability to make the shamblers do more complicated tasks when you quickly sense something slightly different from before, similar to a shambler but… more complicated, where the shambler feels like the last remnants of a broken and dead mind this feels more like a mind that has been twisted and shattered, but not yet dying. You concentrate on it hard for the next few minutes as you walk and realize that it’s moving about, jumping or running from spot to spot. It must be one of the fast ones or crazies.


You walk onwards and soon move out of your range to sense it but an hour or so later you sense another one ahead of you. “As if my test subjects were lining up for me” You joke to yourself as you begin trying to affect its mind. You go through the process as you had with the shamblers, concentrating on sensing them properly first, then getting an idea of their sensations and finally trying to make it react to your prodding.


It takes you about 2 hours but you finally have a good sense of what to do, its definitely a fast type infected and making them follow simple actions is only slightly different to the shamblers so by the time you reach your destination it’s only a couple of streets away but you have it walking in circles on command.


“Dude, you hit your face of something?” one of the men quietly calls back to you and you realize that you have a nose bleed again. Not as bad as before but you quickly wipe it clean. “Yeh, sorry, I just get them sometimes.” You say as you clean the blood off. “Guess concentrating that hard on the other infected means I miss a lot, going to have to be more careful.” You think.


You quickly realize that you have all arrived at the store, and there are several more infected in the vicinity. You were concentrating so hard on the one that you missed a second fast type not far off and several nearby shamblers. The rest of your team, completely unaware of the danger just streets away, starts to head into the store to check for the supplies.


“I guess I could go for the big test now.” You think to yourself


The team is contained and you can control the infected, you could use them to take them out as the first step to destroying the stadium hold out or you could force them all far away and help the stadium people for now, some of them are treating you like a real friend after all.
> You feed off humans sure, but you aren't controled by that need and you are enjoying having friends for a change. Hold off wiping out the stadium for now
You know, you feed on humans sure, but they are treating you well right now and it is nice to have friends for a change. You can help keep them safe until your powers develop fully at least.


You concentrate hard for a moment and see near instant results, all the infected you concentrate on start moving out of the area. You initially try controlling individual actions and feel your nose bleed returning but after a few moments you relax and just give them the general incentive to move away and they find their own routes.


You quickly wipe your nose and follow the others into the store, projecting the simple command of ‘Move away’ at the infected as you go. From there the mission goes very easily and you all bag a reasonable amount of food to take back with you.


You joke with a couple of the other guys as you all head back about the super easy scavenge when you realize that you’ve been subconsciously projecting the command the entire time, all the shamblers that you get anywhere near immediately begin leaving the area. “It just keeps getting easier.”  You think to yourself as you come close to the stadium. Confident that the only infected within several blocks of the stadium as the ones in the basement you head inside happily with the others and hand over the spoils of your scavenge.
> You happy evenings rest
You rest happily that evening with no infected in sensing range and you only got a minor headache as a response to your new advancement. Even the rations doled out at dinner time taste better and sit more comfortably in your stomach than normal.


The doc comes up to eat and you joke with him about your teams haul improving the food in the stadium getting a laugh out of him before happily spending the rest of the evening chatting with the rest of the scavengers.


You finally head to bed feeling happier than you have in a while, your control of the infected is growing practically by the hour and people are unwittingly accepting you as a friend, how could life get better?


That’s when you sense the movement, its right at the edge of your sensing range while inside the stadium but it feels like a shambler to you, after a few moments it moves a little closer and you become sure. “Stupid thing is trying to stumble back to whatever whole I moved it from.”  You think to yourself.


You barely concentrate as you send it the signal to leave again but find it not reacting at all, sighing you concentrate hard and try again, this time it simply stops and wavers on the spot for a moment. “Huh, did I overdo it earlier?” you think to yourself as you sense it suddenly waving at you, you don’t know how you know it but it definitely waves at you to invite you to follow before turning and walking South again.


“Well that’s odd.”  You think as you watch it vanish along with your immediate plans. “Best bet is that they were right and the original harbinger is back, seems he wants to talk to me too.” The morning will bring a new decision to make.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A quiet ringing wakes you at first light. “Huh a near silent alarm, smatter than a loud one I guess.” You say to yourself as you get ready. You glance through your bag. They had left your last few strips of dried meat in there so you start chowing down on one as you head out. They said you had a few days to decide what you’d be doing but if you chose to stay more than that, then you would have to be useful to them in some way, guard duty and scavenging seemed to be the implied option. You had some time though.
> You enlist with the stadium guards
You head to the shack that was pointed out as the Captain’s room and are about to knock when you find the door open and the man already up and looking at a map of the local city area, he gives you a quick glance before going back to studying the map.


“Made a choice already, most people take a day or two to see if they like it here?”


You think carefully, but the choice is fairly simple for you now. “Yep, been living alone for far too long now and let’s face it, food is getting short. Joining up here and working as a guard and scavenger gives me a much better chance at a steady food supply for the near future and I can sleep safer at night. It’s a no-brainer really.”


He gives you another glance before calling in one of the guards you recognize from the day before.


“We have a new recruit, get him kitted out and test him on weapons, you can start taking him out on missions. Unarmed until he passes his weapons handling, then he can have a rifle.”


You are lead away and the next couple of days pass quickly as you head out on some very close scavenging missions, It’s the 5th day when you get your first real opportunity. You are sent out with three others to scavenge from an old store that the Capt. doesn’t think was totally cleared out yet. You wern’t doing so great on the provided food and you thought that this might be the first opportunity for a proper meal in a while. Most surprisingly however, you think you might be adapting to their rations but it's too early to tell.
> You mission 1
You all head out quietly about an hour after dawn and make your way through the main streets, you don’t have a gun like the others but you do have your bat which you trust a lot more, using it doesn’t cause enough noise to call others to you after all.


“I heard you guys had originally cleared this place out of infected?” you whisper to the nearest guard.


He thinks for a moment before replying. “We had, but then that thing lead hundreds more to us, and what with all the ones bitten again when the walls fell… well let’s just say it’s not as safe as it used to be. Seems the vaccine doesn’t always work too well against direct exposure either, only the airborne strains, some people are immune but others turn right after getting bit.”


You file this information away for later and keep a look-out since you’re nearing the store now and the leader is speaking up.


“Right it's go time, two for the front, two for the rear.”


The front is visible, it’s fairly open and all the large windows are broken giving easy access and sightlines. The rear must be through one of the alleyways you glimpse to the side.
> You front?
You don’t feel like alleyways today so you raise your hand for going in the front. The leader nods. “You’re with me then, we all meet in the middle of the store once we check all entrances are clear.” The other two men head off for the alley leading round back as you carefully approach the front door.


Since you are unarmed you pull the doors open and jump back to give your partner a line of sight but there is no sign of movement so you both slip inside.


The store was some old grocery and drug store combo, it has been mostly cleared out but it was done in a rush and there are still useable supplies on the shelves and floor if you sort through it. You and your partner begin to check the aisles more carefully when you hear the shot coming from the back of the store and you see the other two men stumbling in the back door, slamming it shut behind them.


The first thing you notice is that one is clutching his arm and his has a large gash out of it. “It was under some trash, it didn’t move when we poked the bags or anything but after we went by and were trying the door it suddenly lurched up and grabbed me; bit me before, before I knew, before.” He stops and winces in pain, dropping his gun.


Red sirens begin going off in your head. “His speech! He’s Going!” you practically shout.


Your partner swears and glances around, we have to move NOW! Grab what you can and start running, I’ll finish him off then follow with my bags once I know for sure he’s turning.
> You follow orders, grab tins and run
You and the other guard grab what food and bags you can and start running as fast as you can away from the store, about a minute later you hear a gun shot, you glance behind you, the store is out of sight already but you see shamblers coming out of a couple of the alleyways  headed that way. You pause, considering going back when your new partner grabs your arm. “No time, they are ahead too, Gorramit, it’s like it was a bloody trap!”


You see that he is right, a couple of shamblers are already on the road ahead, two of them you can run past easy but if more come, then there will be trouble and there are already more than a dozen you can see behind.


You keep running.


You finally come within sight of the stadium and just have time to notice what you thought was a light in a nearby window before starting to climb barricades to get back to safety. Seems like the shamblers were more intent on the loud noise than chasing you at least.


Once inside you let your partner do the talking, no-one blames either of you and you’re given the next couple of days off to recover before the next mission which goes smoothly.
> You life as a guard
The next few missions go a lot smoother and there are no casualties, your physical condition gives you advantages over some of the others and you become a fairly popular scavenging partner. You actually begin enjoying living there and even feel like you have begun to properly adapt to their rations and pass your weapon handling so can take a gun with you, though you still prefer the trusty bat for shamblers.


Life goes pretty well for another week or two and you even think that settling here might not be so bad after all even if that wasn’t close to your intent when you first walked in the doors.


Sadly things do not last that way for long.


It’s barely been a month since you arrived in the stadium ruins when the scavenging team fails to return. They decide to send a larger squad after them so find out what happened and ask for volunteers.
> You raise your hand
You’ve been a great scavenger so far so people are not surprised when you volunteer and your team of 8 men sets out, heavily armed and ready. Everyone walks in a grim silence on the way. Loosing people is always a possibility but it’s still rare, apart from the two lost on your first time out there hasn’t been an incident in 3 months so losing an entire team has shocked everyone again.


You walk quietly holding your gun at the ready, noisy but since everyone else will be firing it will be more effective than the bat you think.


Once close the leader raises his hand. “Teams of two, always keep at least one other team in sight and call out all strange sights or sounds instantly, got it?”


You all nod and split up as you enter the large store front, it used to be glass but with all the windows smashed you can walk right in wherever you want. You’ve gone with the other survivor from the first mission, seems that having everyone else die in your team makes a bond.


It’s only a few seconds before you hear the first call go up from one aisle to your left, the one to your right a few seconds later, glancing through the empty shelves you see the teams hunched over something, moving forward past some upturned trollies you also make a find a call it out. Seems like all members of the other team have been found. Well, what remains at least.


The rest of your team converges on the three groups that found something. “Looks like they got swarmed here, torn to pieces before they could put up a real fight, only a few shells on the floor.” One of the men says


Something clicks in your brain and you suddenly turn to your partner. “Remember the first mission; you said it was like a trap? We have to get out of here right now, we have to run!”


The other men hear and you can see it on their faces that they all agree, you all grab the fallen weapons and run to the front of the store but you find the street in either direction already full of infected, and not just shamblers, you’re pretty sure you see some fast ones there too, almost dancing on the spot with repressed energy, wanting to charge you, but they don’t.


From a window across the street you see an old man call down to you. “Greetings new survivors of the stadium!”


One of the men instantly reacts, “YOU! You’re the Harbinger! We let you in right before the attack happened!” He tries to take aim with his rifle but the man seems to move faster than he has any right to and vanishes from sight, you can still hear him though. “Indeed I have been called that many times before, although I won’t be by you again, sadly my pets here need a little food before I take out the rest of your little stronghold. I’d love to turn a few of you but feeding the current army comes first you know!”


The infected rush you, the men get off several shots but they are quickly overwhelmed by the fast ones and the shamblers close in.


You know there is no hope when you see them coming through the store too and take a running jump to catch the awning hanging high over the door, you easily make the high jump and are pulling yourself up to get away across the roof before you feel an impact in your back and lose your grip, falling to the pavement below.


“Oh dear, you are a spry one, normal men shouldn’t have made that jump so easily but no matter!” you hear the old guy laughing as you get torn to pieces.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The next few missions go a lot smoother and there are no casualties, your physical condition gives you advantages over some of the others and you become a fairly popular scavenging partner. You actually begin enjoying living there and even feel like you have begun to properly adapt to their rations and pass your weapon handling so can take a gun with you, though you still prefer the trusty bat for shamblers.


Life goes pretty well for another week or two and you even think that settling here might not be so bad after all even if that wasn’t close to your intent when you first walked in the doors.


Sadly things do not last that way for long.


It’s barely been a month since you arrived in the stadium ruins when the scavenging team fails to return. They decide to send a larger squad after them so find out what happened and ask for volunteers.
> You keep quiet, you know full well what happened and don't want to be next
You remember what happened on your first mission, going after them will be suicide and probably a trap.


Luckily 8 men volunteer quickly enough and no-one blames those who don’t so you get away with no shame from it, you head off to your normal duty for that day, you’re on balcony 6 for the next 4 hours or so. You’ll be the only one there since it isn’t really an important one, kind of to the side of the main entrance and not looking at anything of interest.


Its half way through your shift when you hear some muffled sounds coming from over the city and it seems another sentry heard it too, you report hearing it then head back up. Once you get off duty though and come back down it’s not to a pretty sight. It seems that they worked out that the noise was gun fire and the ‘rescue’ team was now also overdue.


You think back again to your first mission and what seemed like a trap, your starting to get a bad feeling about the city now. Seems like scavenging too close to the city center isn’t such a good plan anymore.


You have to choose whether to dump these guys and head out alone now or hold out until they are ready to make a larger push for the colony to the east, sure you have lost men recently but true to their word, they have recruited nearly a dozen in the last month. You had no idea there were so many survivors up in this area or you’d have come North a lot sooner.


You’re also pretty sure that the Capt. is going to order a push East soon too, even with the losses, their numbers are still good and they have the guns and equipment for a full military push through the open streets, the scouts have everything planed out route wise with backups for it things go wrong.
> You leave them, their tactics aren't working
You really can't work out why people keep using tactics right out of old movies when they never work. You have to get out of here before you get taken down with everyone else on their suicide mission.


You start your preparations, gathering spare food and supplies and get your bag ready to leave when your friend from the first mission approaches you about leaving with some others who share your opinion. You sign on immediately and get ready to sneak out.
> You sneaking out
You’ve been thinking the same for a while. If an even larger group of military couldn’t hold the infected at bay, then what will this small team do? Especially if the harbinger from before COULD control the infected, you’ll have to think about that more later, for now it’s time to get out.


“I’m in, betting a small team can move a lot quieter than a large group too. Let’s go.”


You grab you pack and bat, leaving the gun behind as you never liked using it anyway and head for a North-East balcony where you all climb down some piping and Begin heading East. There are 5 people in your little team including yourself. A few brought guns, but everyone needs something to make them feel safe you guess, even if all it does is draw more infected.


The plan gets laid out as you walk. Seems that you are heading East along a route further North of the route the jeep will be taking, getting up to a highway that should take you most of the way to the river. It was too clogged with cars for the main group for no problem for 5 guys on foot.


You all walk quietly for the next few hours before stopping to eat having covered a good distance. You pick a low rooftop that you think once belonged to a barber shop to rest. One of the men finally speaks up.


“We are a few hours clear and this roof is pretty safe, shall we break for the rest of the night and head out again at dawn?”


You all agree and settle down for the rest of the night on the rooftop. You spend the next few hours thinking about getting to the safe colony to the east and why you were originally heading there before getting so caught up with the stadium people before eventually falling asleep.
> You morning hunger
You wake with the dawn and find two of the others already up. “We couldn’t sleep so great being exposed out here.” One of them says to you.


As the last two get up, you realize just how hungry you are and remember that you didn’t eat anything last night. You dig in your bag for your meat strips but find nothing there, remembering that you finished them off on the third day in the stadium. You accept some rations from the other guys but it seems to do little to your hunger.  You think back to when you used to feel this hunger practically all the time, seems your days of living happily in the stadium and not feeling hungry are over for the time being.


You all check your surroundings but it’s all clear and you head off again about an hour after dawn.


“Won’t the others catchup to us at this rate?” one of the others asks out loud. It’s your friend that answers. “Nah, we are a few roads North of them and will be heading up to the highway by lunchtime, so even if they do move faster than us, they will pass right by us to the South and never see us. Hey if all goes well we will meet up with them in a few weeks at the colony and have a great laugh about this all!”


The mood seems to lighten a little after that and you all keep moving with some quiet chatter going on. You even join in some of the joking and in the light atmosphere begin to forget about feeling hungry again.


It’s a few hours later and you are getting close to the on ramps for the highway when you begin hearing the noises.


Its very faint but you call it out anyway. “Low rumbling to the South.” The others pause and listen for a time before one turns and says. “I hear it now, sounds like the Jeep, they will be passing us soon. Those are some ears you have mate!”


“Seems they are making great time if they are passing us already, they might actually do it at this rate!” one of the men jokes as you all start walking again, listening to the low rumble get louder, then start to get quieter as they pass you a few roads to the South.


Its only a few minutes later that you hear a crashing noise and the rumbling stop.


“Gorram Harbinger! They are being ambushed aren’t they, we should go help them!”
> You agree to run and help, they aren't too far away after all
You immediately agree. “Well we can’t just leave them there and even if it’s the harbinger, he won’t expect us. Your friend reluctantly agrees as do the others. You all set off at a run. There hasn’t been any other noise yet and you start to hear the Jeep again. “The jeeps just idling! They were probably just clearing a car off the road!” one of the guys says when you are only a couple of blocks away.


Almost on cue you hear the 50cal. Starting up and blocking out any other noise. Swearing out loud you round the corner a couple of blocks behind the stadium group and find a bus between you and them, as well as a horde of the infected.


One man with you drops to his knees. “It’s just like when the stadium fell. It’s the harbinger.”


The 50cal. Falls silent, looking through the buss’s windows you see the infected swarming towards the jeep. “It’s already over, let’s get out of here!” You drag the kneeling man to his feet but he breaks free, rushing towards the buss firing his rifle.


“We can still save them! It’s not too late!” He barely gets 20 feet before you see a couple of fast types sprinting from an alleyway, taking him down and beginning to feed on him.


“Everyone run!” You hear someone shout. You don’t even check who it was and start sprinting back in the direction you came as you see  3 more fast types headed your way. You never even notice your friend and one other falling behind and getting eaten. You only stop once you are several blocks away and turn to see the last member of your group some distance behind trying to keep up.


“Forgot how much faster I was” You think to yourself as you wait for him.


“Where are the other two?” You ask, thinking about your friend.


“Got, taken, down…” He stammers, out of breath. “None of us could keep up with you and the fast ones don’t tire like us. I only got away because they stopped to eat the other two.”


“AAHH Gorramit!” you say out loud, you know it was only the 3 fast types and if you had helped then you could have easily taken them down, it’s not as if a bite of two would inconvenience you much, you’ve had enough before to know they will have no more effect on you.


“Let’s just go before more come. We know what the plan was at least.”


You head North and quickly get to the highway without further signs of pursuit. The lighthearted atmosphere from before has vanished leaving you and the last remaining survivor from the stadium walking in silence and brooding. You can feel your hunger returning with a vengeance now that you have little else good to think about and eating a trail bar doesn’t help at all. Your mind keeps wandering to how anyone you try and get close to dies anyway.


You both walk until night when you find a van to climb into and shut the door behind you. “So they are all dead.” You mutter out loud as you both check for what food there is left, your hunger is killing you. Seems that between you, you have enough basic rations for a few days.


“Right, I REALLY need to eat, let’s have a proper meal then we can scavenge more as we go.” Your new partner seems too depressed to argue about anything so you divide the food into two big meals and 1 day’s rations. You both eat up quickly and he curls up into a corner of the van to sleep.


You spend the next few hours awake thinking about all those dead people and about talk of harbingers being able to control the infected. You hunger hasn’t gone down at all despite the meal.
> You late night munchies
It’s near midnight and the old hunger is eating at you and you come to a decision. “I tried, I tried for weeks. No-one can blame me now, since everyone around me dies, it may as well be to my plan like it used to be.”


The other survivor doesn’t even move as you take out your bat and kill him with a single blow.


Your hunger is finally sated and like returning to an old addiction, everything feels better than ever. You pack up what’s left of his remains to take with you as food for your journey and fall asleep happy in the fact that you have made you mind up at last. You will reach the colony to the East. And once there you will eat them one by one, you are a harbinger after all, it’s what you do.
> You morning in the blood stained van
The morning comes and you wake happy again, not the relaxed happiness of the stadium, a happiness with an edge. You have great things to do after all. You check that the other survivors remains are carefully wrapped up and in your packs, the last meat strips from that crazy you killed and ate had run out so you have to make sure you bring enough with you. You almost laugh out loud that the idiots in the stadium never thought you were a harbinger and the strips of mean were from a human.


But time to move on. You need to test out these ideas of controlling infected.


You walk slowly East on the highway, from memory this thing circles most of the city so it will be a much longer way round to the bridge but you still don’t want to be near the city centre. Mutants are still mutants whether you admit to yourself what you are or not.


After a few hours you see a shambler down below, slowly making its way down a road. You pause and concentrate for hours on it. Concentrating, trying to feel its mind, trying to order it to do something mentally but to no avail. It slowly keeps walking down the road and eventually you give up following it, starting to walk along the highway looking for a closer target to test your theories on.


You finally come across a car which had crashed into the van in front leaving the driver trapped. You thought it was dead at first but once you are close, it twitches a little and makes a weak movement with its arm.


“Seems you’ve been trapped here a really long time little shambler.” You say to it, looking carefully in the car you see from all the bones that there must have been at least one other passenger in the car which the shambler was eating to have sustained itself this long. Either way it was still trapped and near death. A perfect test subject.


You decide to use the van it crashed into for your bed and spent the next couple of hours concentrating on it. Still no luck, no reaction at all really. It seems the same as always, it wants to eat you and you have no effect.


You sigh as you settle down for the night in the back of the van.


You might have to give up on the stupid rumors, you’ve been a harbinger for years and never had an inkling of controlling infected with ‘mind powers’ sure it’s the apocalypse but its not some stupid movie. You’ve already seen the infected swarming towards noise and that jeep could be heard for miles, they just made too much noise and attracted everything in the area to them so when they stopped to push cars around, they got swarmed, they probably tried to use the bus to block the infected from getting to them and failed.
> You give it up. Who are you kidding that you have amazing mind powers that you simply never noticed before?
You head East, following the highway for several days and strangely find it mostly deserted, like someone had cleared it out some time before and only the occasional straggler came back.


The going is easy and the worst you are left to contend with are the occasional shambler amidst the parked and crashed cars. Its not long before you see the bridge ahead of you. There are a few shamblers visible on it but it looks clear enough for you to make a try at getting across, "Then its right onto the Eastern Colony!" you say to yourself.


You're a harbinger through and through and you're going to enjoy infiltrating the colony then eating everyone inside, one by one.


Unfortunately as you take your first step onto the bridge you feel a sudden pain hit your mind, like the worst migraine you ever had described to you. You collapse gripping your head but the pain vanishes just as suddenly, leaving a strange numb feeling in your mind.


A voice suddenly appears in your head "Too close to being red my friend, we can't have you coming here to try and destroy us now can we?" You feel a second wave of pain then nothing more<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The morning comes and you wake happy again, not the relaxed happiness of the stadium, a happiness with an edge. You have great things to do after all. You check that the other survivors remains are carefully wrapped up and in your packs, the last meat strips from that crazy you killed and ate had run out so you have to make sure you bring enough with you. You almost laugh out loud that the idiots in the stadium never thought you were a harbinger and the strips of mean were from a human.


But time to move on. You need to test out these ideas of controlling infected.


You walk slowly East on the highway, from memory this thing circles most of the city so it will be a much longer way round to the bridge but you still don’t want to be near the city centre. Mutants are still mutants whether you admit to yourself what you are or not.


After a few hours you see a shambler down below, slowly making its way down a road. You pause and concentrate for hours on it. Concentrating, trying to feel its mind, trying to order it to do something mentally but to no avail. It slowly keeps walking down the road and eventually you give up following it, starting to walk along the highway looking for a closer target to test your theories on.


You finally come across a car which had crashed into the van in front leaving the driver trapped. You thought it was dead at first but once you are close, it twitches a little and makes a weak movement with its arm.


“Seems you’ve been trapped here a really long time little shambler.” You say to it, looking carefully in the car you see from all the bones that there must have been at least one other passenger in the car which the shambler was eating to have sustained itself this long. Either way it was still trapped and near death. A perfect test subject.


You decide to use the van it crashed into for your bed and spent the next couple of hours concentrating on it. Still no luck, no reaction at all really. It seems the same as always, it wants to eat you and you have no effect.


You sigh as you settle down for the night in the back of the van.


You might have to give up on the stupid rumors, you’ve been a harbinger for years and never had an inkling of controlling infected with ‘mind powers’ sure it’s the apocalypse but its not some stupid movie. You’ve already seen the infected swarming towards noise and that jeep could be heard for miles, they just made too much noise and attracted everything in the area to them so when they stopped to push cars around, they got swarmed, they probably tried to use the bus to block the infected from getting to them and failed.
> You can't give up yet, it's not as if you have anything else to do is it?
You really don't have anything to loose by continuing testing so you decide to spend the day where you are studying the trapped shambler, even if you don't have mind powers, you might still learn something as it's not every day you get to study one without it actively trying to eat you.


You spend your time concentrating on it, staring at it and even try rubbing your temples and waving your hand at it like in the old movies but to no avail. You are starting to get a headache too so decide to call it a day. You sleep a few hours hungry and frustrated before waking well before dawn.


Your eyesight is pretty good and the moon is out so you try testing things on the shambler again with the same lack of luck as the evening before. Finally fed up you pick up a piece of metal and throw it at the trapped shambler. You watch as it sticks into the decaying flesh of its chest and fell a slight twinge in your own.


touching your chest quickly you realize that you felt a twinge right where your projectile had stabbed into the shambler. "I call that progress!"


You begin concentrating on how your felt the twinge and by the evening you think you are feeling something. The headache from the night before is back with a vengeance though and you realize that you now have a small nosebleed. "Guess its not good to stare at the same think for 12 hours straight" You think to yourself as you head to bed early for once.
> The morning after the tests.
You wake up and quickly notice three things; Your headache is gone, you can feel something strange just outside the van and judging by the light creeping in, its well into morning. "Must have been the headache, I never sleep more than a few hours" you think as you snack on some meat strips and peek outside.


You definitely can sense something and it is exactly where the shambler sits trapped. a weird kind of haze shares it's position "So I can sense then, that is definitely a start, I'll have to keep this one alive for testing on"


You toss the trapped shambler a meat strip which it devours quickly while you begin concentrating on the haze, you find as the morning passes that the haze resolves into a small ball and realize that it must represent the shamblers mind. You smile to yourself as you settle into trying to affect it.


Again by the evening the headache and nosebleeds are back "These must be to do with my powers, streaching them after so long of un-use much be causing it" you think as you take a snack break.


 
> You further tests
The next few days pass in much the same way, you practice trying to control the shambler until you get a headache and nosebleed, then wait and rest until it passes. Sleep seems to help the most and you often wake up having progressed by a large leap from the day before.


By the end of your practicing you can make the shambler react to your commands and you are pretty sure you can sense what is happening to it too, like where it is injured. You need to test further and see if you can control others as well or if you are limited to having to learn each new infected like you did with this one.


Once you are pretty sure you could make it move the way you wanted if it wasn't completely trapped in place, you decide that it is time to move on and further your training with more testing.


It's a few hours after setting out that you see something below you and realize that a shambler must be on the road below the highway. You reach out for it and feel its mind there like you did with the trapped one but you immediately feel your nosebleed coming on again and stop pushing it. It seems that you will need to take things slowly


That night you find a rest stop and actually manage to camp inside a building. Your hunger is back but the last remains of the survivor you killed keep you sated for now "going to have to find some more food soon" you think to yourself.
> You heading East with your new powers, get to the colony soon
You keep heading East and don't find much food on the way but your powers do increase. You manage to control a fast type that comes into range, and since you were hungry, it provides some food too. Not nearly as good as human but definitely better than shambler flesh at least.


You learn to differentiate the minds of shamblers and fast types, even a mutant to the South falls temporarily under your control as your range increases. Your tests let you control several infected at once and direct them as you please. "They will have no idea what hit them when I reach the Eastern colony" You think to yourself. Your physical abilities have also improved. You were already faster and stronger than any normal human but that has increases along with your mental abilities, you know there isn't a normal human alive who could face you in a fight and you can rip a car's door clean off its hinges with only a little effort.


It's not long after that you finally reach the bridge across the river. there are infected on it but this wont stop you now as you direct them over the sides of the bridge to fall into the deep flowing water below. after a few moment you realize that either the fall or the drowning has actually killed most of them but shrug it off as another test, they are just prey after all.


Then the pain begins. A sudden sharp stabbing right into your mind forces you to your knees. You try to fight it off and feel it diminishing, like you are holding a barrier up against it, protecting your mind with your powers, but you feel jsut how much stronger the other force is and your defense crumbles.


"Sorry about this, I really am, but you are far too close to being red to get in here alive."


You try and respond but find that everything feels fuzzy, you are sure the voice in your head is female though


"Oh yes, might have damaged a few things there, attacking really isn't my strong suit so I might have used too much strength, well either way it doesn't matter now. Bye"


You feel a slight pain then everything fades out to black<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The next few days pass in much the same way, you practice trying to control the shambler until you get a headache and nosebleed, then wait and rest until it passes. Sleep seems to help the most and you often wake up having progressed by a large leap from the day before.


By the end of your practicing you can make the shambler react to your commands and you are pretty sure you can sense what is happening to it too, like where it is injured. You need to test further and see if you can control others as well or if you are limited to having to learn each new infected like you did with this one.


Once you are pretty sure you could make it move the way you wanted if it wasn't completely trapped in place, you decide that it is time to move on and further your training with more testing.


It's a few hours after setting out that you see something below you and realize that a shambler must be on the road below the highway. You reach out for it and feel its mind there like you did with the trapped one but you immediately feel your nosebleed coming on again and stop pushing it. It seems that you will need to take things slowly


That night you find a rest stop and actually manage to camp inside a building. Your hunger is back but the last remains of the survivor you killed keep you sated for now "going to have to find some more food soon" you think to yourself.
> You heading North to train before you make for the Colony
You need time and safety to train your new talents, wandering recklessly East while still developing is probably too dangerous as you don’t know what is lurking between you and the colony. Heading South would just take you right into the city center and that would be a death wish without better abilities so North is your final option.


You know there used to be small communities in the outlying areas, hamlets and villages that served the farming communities, retirement homes and even some affluent areas for those who no longer wanted to live in the big city. If you look around enough you are sure you will find a nice enough building to make a temporary base, food might be scarce but you can always subside on the infected for a few weeks.


You walk until the next off-ramp leading to a North-bound road and wander down. Looking around you see most of the buildings reduced to rubble, the military must have hit this area harder than others during the defense. “Maybe this was one of the areas they tried to make a stand and bombed the hordes of infected that attacked them” You think to yourself as you walk, but it is unlikely that you’ll ever find out for sure.


 There are not too many infected in this direction but you know if you find a small community that you should find some there to practice on, they never wander too far from where they turned after-all.


By night-time you have left the outskirts of the city behind and begin to see open areas of land a fields, some overgrown with crops of varying types, untended for years, the old clearly defined lines haven given away to a mish-mash of crops invading others fields while weeds and thorns try to choke them all out.


By nightfall you are looking for a likely place to rest and see a few options, in the distance you can make out what looks like a small grain silo, it would take a couple of hours to reach but they usually are made of metal, have small ladders right up to the top where you’d be nice and safe from everything, There is also an old broken down farmhouse nearby and a Barn on the same land. The House was clearly ransacked long ago, the doors are missing, windows smashed and everything looted out of it. The barn seems in better shape, the doors wide open but still intact at least.
> You head onto the Grain Silo, solid metal construction is more trustworthy
You head resolutely toward the grain silo, if you were going to find a safe resting spot it would be there. You can see scattered houses in the distance but they will most likely be like the one you passed, ransacked and useless. THe grain silo however is a huge solid metal cylinder with a walkway spiraling up the outside which leads to the metal hatch on top to get inside. Even if the grain levels are too low inside it, there is often a small internal platform or walkway below the hatch you could rest on for the night.


As you get closer the dusk ends and the night fully sets in, you count your blessings that you have good night vision as avoiding an infected attack now would be very difficult. You stomach keeps rumbling on you, reminding you of how long it has been since you ate. The old hunger has kept getting stronger recently and you know you will need to eat something very soon.


And luckily you see prey.


A woman is running out of the fields, right towards the same silo as you! You are normally a lot more cautious but the old hunger has finally overwhelmed your better judgment. You are a harbinger and you need to feed. You begin to sprint towards the woman, planning on cutting her off and tackling her. It has been too long since you had human flesh and you are practically salivating over the remembered taste.


You realize almost too late that you are not the only thing chasing the woman. She screams out for help while she runs and you think you hear a response from up on the tower but you do not have time to think about it. Right behind the woman are two large mutant animals, they look like farm cats fed steroids having morphed into things larger than cougars and they are about to catch the woman seconds before you do.


The woman is not a threat and despite your hunger you know you must deal with these mutants first or they will tear you apart too. The woman screams again as she finally notices you charging her way, bat raised ready to strike but as she stumbles you step past her and meet the front mutant cat with the full force of your swing sending it crashing to the ground, injured but still moving. You glance at the woman and see something akin to surprise before it returns to fear and she scrambles away toward the silo where you now see three men heading your way.


You turn back as the second mutant attacks you. You know you can't afford to have it jumping around all the time so when it snaps you offer it your arm and it latches on. Once there you start smashing it's head in with your bat. only stopping when it slumps off you to the ground with half of its skull gone.


You are about to turn back to the humans when the first mutant leaps at you again, you hadn't finished it off with that first blow and it knocks you clean off your feet. You realize that it is badly injured and probably could have killed it had the back of your head not landed neatly on a rock, knocking you out cold.
> A painful wakening
You slowly wake up and immediately feel the pain at the back of your head "Great I came to eat a human and wound up fighting mutants off for her instead" You think as you try and sit up. You realize something is wrong almost the moment you do. You are not outside anymore.


You carefully feel your head while you look around. There is a bad gash but it should heal up in a few days so long as you eat. Your arm is in worse shape with several deep tears in the flesh "can't be helped, taking on two mutants is never a good plan" You think while trying to work out where you are.


Finally you realize you are inside the grain silo you were trying to reach. The humans you saw must have dumped you down here once they scared off the other mutant. "Well thats some gratitude isn't it. I did save her life afterall." You are about to add a comment about how you planned to eat her not save her but you are fortunately cut off by a female voice from above "I know you did and I am sorry but you are bitten, we cannot risk it. I am glad you woke up though. please keep quiet now, they patrol this area at night."


You think about responding but decide against it "They think I am a normal human who did somthing heroic and have put me down here to quarantine me while keeping me safe. this works to my advantage." You carefully lie down again and get some more sleep now that you know you have safety at least until morning.
> You morning in the silo
You wake at what you assume is the early morning hearing voices from above. They are whispering meaning you cannot hear most of what is said but one is definitely a woman and the other a man, you think they are arguing about you. The woman seems pretty adamant and you assume it is her defending you since she thinks you acted to save her.


You can't make out any more details anyway so you loudly roll over and let out a yawn. The whispering immediately stops and the man calls down "If you are still human prove it now!" You think for a second before replying "You prove that you are human first then I will, I just saved that womans life while you chucked me down here!" You hear the woman cutting in "If he speaks, he is still human Chris and you know it." You hear silence again before a more resigned male voice calls down.


"Ok, so you haven't turned yet but take a look at your arm. They bit you good and we can't risk having you loose until we know you wont turn" You nod to yourself, you proved you were human and that you were not scared of time, time to play nice for a bit "Ok I understand that, it's smart to quarantine those who are bitten but I haven't turned and it's not exactly comfortable down here, I can't even see what I am lying on!"


You hear a creak from above and light floods down into the silo, the metal walls reflecting it to ensure everywhere is lit. You cover your eyes while they get used to the light then look around. You are about 12 feet below the small walkway below the hatch where you can see the two humans sitting. You are currently sitting on top of what appears to be some old fencing thrown down here so you wouldn't sink into the grain below it. You also notice the shambler only a few feet away from you.


You lurch away from it and slip off the fencing boards, finding yourself sinking into the grain slowly when you hear the shout from above "Hold on there, it's trapped and not a thread, get back on the boards before you sink too deep!" You scramble back up again and sit down holding your arm, open wounds are not meant for clambering about, you have no idea if you would actually sink into the grain or if that was just some old myth but you are also not willing to test it out yourself.


You look closer at the shambler and realize that it is indeed trapped. It is up to its shoulders in the grain with a piece of wooden plank sticking into its side, ensuring it cannot move at all. "So mind if I ask what it is doing in here with me then?" You call up and it's the woman that answers "He was one of us, a survivor but he got bitten so we lowered him in there incase he turned. he must have realized he was going because in the night we heard him jump off into the grain and dig himself in before he lost control. It took him over a day to turn in the end." You nod along.


You try to catch and eat a woman and end up trapped in a grain silo with a shambler for company "Just great" You think.


"So how long am I spending down here with no food or water then?" You call up to them. You reply is in the form of a small bag being tossed down to you which you catch deftly 1 handed. "That has some water and some rations, enough to last you three days. That's how long you'll have to stay here for." Then you see the man climb out the hatch. The woman goes to follow then calls down "I'm sorry but we must be sure." Then follows the man out. They at least leave the hatch propped open so you get a little light in.
> You quarantine in the silo
You are trapped and now along with the shambler in the silo. You could probably escape if you really tried. there are two sections of fence down here, if you stood on one and wedged the other up against the wall you are pretty certain you could make the jump off it and up onto the small walkway. It would be fairley easy to ambush those humans when they returned too.
> You go for it, they trapped you in here and eating humans is what you do after all
You quickly decide that you want out of here so you grab the other piece of fencing and testing it find that it is still good and solid. You are about to wedge it against the wall of the silo when you think about how hungry you are. You place it down and walk over it towards the trapped shambler. You quickly pull the plank out of its side and kill it with it before feeding on it briefly to sate your desire.


You then go back to the original plan and using the wedged fencing you make it up to the walkway with a huge leap. You automatically grab onto the bottom lip to pull yourself up but remember too late about your arm. You feel the slight healing that had happened come undone and blood starts flowing down your arm as you pull yourself up. 


You collapse onto the walkway in pain "Now they are really going to pay" you think to yourself, you haven't felt this much pain in years. You check around and find some bags of food, mostly fruit and veg in one corner and assume they are here scavenging. You quickly tear a strip off one of the bags to bind up your wound then move to the corner of the walkway, trying to ensure you will be out of sight when they first come in, and you do not have long to wait.


You watch as the hatch opens and lets more light flood in while you edge as far back into the corner as possible. It is unnecessary though and the woman climbs right in without checking first, seemingly completely sure that you were trapped and not a threat. You watch her move right over to some bags and start unloading some more fruit while the man climbs in behind. 


You spring your trap just as he turns his back to you, leaping clean onto his back and forcing him flat instantly. it is a simple task then for you to snap his neck and sit up to look at the woman who lets out a belated scream. You laugh aloud before replying "Sorry my dear but I was actually intending to eat you when those mutants got in the way, don't worry though, I will keep you alive down in the silo until I am finished eating this fo..." You are cut off as you hear the boom and feel the impact in your back. 


You are thrown to the ground and roll over in time to see two more men outside the hatch with guns pointed your way "There were three of them when they came to help there woman weren't there, I shouldn't have forgotten that" You think as the second man fires and it goes dark.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are trapped and now along with the shambler in the silo. You could probably escape if you really tried. there are two sections of fence down here, if you stood on one and wedged the other up against the wall you are pretty certain you could make the jump off it and up onto the small walkway. It would be fairley easy to ambush those humans when they returned too.
> You wait out the quarantine, a few days wont hurt and you have things to test on the shambler
Three days down here wont hurt you and will give your arm time to start healing. You will also be just as talkative and lucid as before so they will obviously think you are fine and let you back up at the end, you just need to bind your arm so the wound is not so obviously healing too quickly. You tear a strip off the bag they threw down as a temporary solution and bind the wound up "Not visible now at least" You think as you settle in for the long haul.


Since you are here with a completely trapped shambler you have the perfect test subject to work on the persistent rumors of Harbingers abilities. You take the time to think through them all carefully since you only have three days and want to use them to the fullest. "They are stronger and faster than humans, check, cos I am." You think to yourself "Two, they heal faster, also check. Three they can control hordes of infected, unknown. Four, they don't bleed, false but very useful." You pause for a moment to try and recall any other rumor but you draw a blank for now "Controlling the infected it is then" You think as you lie back down and begin staring hard at the shambler.


â€‹You only last a few moments before your head begins to throb at you and you decide that maybe giving the head wound a few more hours to heal before concentrating too hard might be a good plan so simply lie back and let your mind wander over past encounters with infected and over the one close to you now, how you might control its mind.


You drift off to sleep still thinking about the shambler and how to control it and do not wake up for a few hours.
> You sudden light in the face
You are woken by a light flashing on your face and you sit up quickly to look around. You hadn't planned to fall asleep, just to rest for a few moments. You immediately hear a voice from above "He's still moving at least" You look up and see the man has a torch in his hand, no longer pointed in your face though "You still talking? You've slept an awful lot." He calls down to you.


You are about to answer back sarcastically but remember you are supposed to be nice at the moment "Yeh, the head wound was hurting so I decided to rest a bit more, it's not really like I have that many options down here." The man nods in response then heads back out. You notice the bags near the railing look a lot bigger though so they must have brought something back when they came in.


You lie back down to rest but realize you can feel somthing near you, like when someone is in the room and you can kind of feel it in the hairs on the back of your neck. You turn towards the source of the feeling and it is clearly the trapped shambler. You can actually sense it already, either your head wound or the sleep helped you. You immediately decide that giving yourself another head wound is out of the question so you decide that it must have been the sleeping while thinking about the shambler that did it.


You spend the rest of the day concentrating on the strange feeling and the shambler and slowly resolving it into something you can control a little better. By the end of the day you can sense the mind of the shambler as a small compressed haze which represents it's mind. Your concentration is occasional interrupted by the man and woman coming and going, dropping off what looks like fruit and veg into the large sacks "So this is their scavenging expedition then, they come to the farms to get food for where-ever their base is." The woman always takes a few moments to try and apologize for your treatment but each time you assure them that it is completely understandable and the only smart option and that finally seems to calm her about it and by even she simply trades pleasantries with you.


You go to sleep once more thinking about the shambler and affecting the haze which is its mind.
> The difference between the shambler and your guards
You wake just after dawn and find a lot of dried blood on your lip "Dam nosebleeds"  you think as you wipe it off, wouldn't be good for the humans to see you bleeding like this, they might jump to conclusions and last night you saw the other two men again standing outside, and they were carrying rifles.


You turn to begin your concentration on the shambler like before but find you don't need to. You can sense it near you easily. you concentrate anyway and find you can sense thing from its mind, or what is left of it. It feels like the dying remains of a mind, weak and rotting away slowly. You can tell where it is injured though and with a slight push you make it lift its arm up in the air. You are about to rejoice when you feel wetness on your face and realize you have a massive nosebleed again. You quickly wipe it away again and wait for the bleeding to stop "guess the side effects are going to just keep being annoying for a while, going to have to be careful" you also feel the beginnings of a headache but as soon as you stopped concentrating it lessened slightly again.


You lie back to take a break and realize another difference. You can sense a haze above you too, very different than the one from the shambler, warmer, full of energy and life "So thats the mind of a normal human then, I wonder what mine appears like?" You think as you try and concentrate on the human minds.


You make a little progress and have reduced the haze to a small area around the sleeping humans when they begin to stir and the headache gets too strong. You take a complete break and rest while they do their short morning routine. The woman pauses to lean over and look down at you, realizing you are away and looking back she calls down "You'll be out soon, sorry again about this but as you said, we have to be safe!" You grin and reply "It really isn't a problem, I just get to rest down here all day while you guys go scavenging for food, you have the more dangerous job if there are more of those mutants out there."


The man cuts in a little suspicious "How do you know we are scavenging for food here?" You just laugh as you see the woman rolling her eyes at him. He looks a little confused before she fills him in "We come in here 3 or 4 times a day and dump food into the sacs like 6 feet from his head, I would be more worried if he didn't know what we were doing." The man pauses then realizes his mistake "Right, then I'll be outside when you are ready" is all he says as he heads out the door clearly embarrassed.


"The woman turns back to you "Sorry for that, he can be a little paranoid but his heart is in the right place. My name is Cara by the way" She gives you a big smile. "It's lovely to meet you Cara" you reply "And don't worry, the paranoid ones usually live longer these days."


She smiles again as she heads out "Perfect, she trusts me already, I'll be out soon" You think as you settle down to your tests. You make the shambler do a few tricks and after throwing a couple of pieces of wood at it, you are confident you can sense what is happening to it. You do however get a wicked headache again and decide that you will need to pace yourself a little more. The headaches seem to accompany progress but they also might be dangerous as shown by the nosebleeds.


You take the evening off just to recover more and spend more time chatting with the woman when she returns, trying to resolve the haze around her more, you finally fall asleep still concentrating on the human haze.
> You morning resolutions
The morning comes with more progress, things with the shambler seems the same, you can make it do anything you want already, but above you the haze has defined more. You can tell the difference between Cara's mind and the man's. You had spent time the night before gathering details and had given your own name and some details of your life before the infection spread but you gave away little of your recent life, just glossed over it as a hard life scavenging along. You did tell them about loosing some comrades recently to garner a little sympathy and from their looks they both knew what it was like to loose friends.


Their minds also resolved to be clearer and softer. Utterly different from the shamblers beside you, almost the opposite, exuding life and clearly full of thought and emotion but you find you cannot affect them in any similar way or gather feelings from them, just sense that they have them. The energy they seem to exude does seem to make your hunger worse though, just knowing how much you would gain from eating them.


You exchange a few more pleasantries as they head out and Cara throws you down a ripe apple for a snack, you thank her as you bite into it and find that it surprisingly helps with your hunger a little. Not a lot, but enough to take the slightest edge off, you are used to human food tasting terrible and barely sustaining you so it is a very welcome surprise.


You relax and eat some of the other rations while thinking of the conversation the night before and what you had learned. They actually live in an old walled community a couple of days walking North of here. The large walls and steel gate kept infected out and guns held off the looters until they fell to the infected so they survived well. They are one of several scavenging teams that head out to gather food and supplies for the community. They give few other details but you guess they are small of number, maybe 30 in all but they seem to do well enough there.


You finally decide that it is time to do more tests but you have exhausted what you want to try on the shambler so you put your mind to trying to sense other things around you. This takes most of the day, a nose bleed and several headaches but by evening you can sense some minds at the periphery of where your senses reach. You remember an old barn in that direction so assume that is where the infected you sense must be, that means you have several hundred feet of sensing ability.


You relax as you feel the minds of the humans returning and make sure you don't have any blood left below your nose. THe evening passes like before with chatting and telling stories, it's been a while since you enjoyed yourself like this.
> You decision time
You wake in the morning and realize that once more you slept through the night instead of the normal few hours "Must be the mental training" You think as you test your senses to see what changed while you slept. Sure enough you can feel the infected in the barn more clearly now and with less effort "Two shamblers, one nearly dead and the other near it also in bad shape. Must be trapped in the basement of somthing"  you think to yourself as the humans above you wake up.


Once awake Cara immediately leans down over the bar "Time to wake up! Let's get you out of there!" The man groggily stands beside her, "Are you sure about this?" but she just gives him a disparaging look until he goes to fetch a rope and lowers it down to you, tying one end off on the railing.


You catch it as it comes down and are about to start climbing up when you realize that your arm will be healed a lot further than a normal humans and your makeshift bandage is almost certainly going to be replaced soon, you're going to have to bluff.


You climb up, pretending to be careful of the wounded arm but you secretly put extra strain on it and can feel the wounds tearing open again slightly "Perfect" You think as you climb ove the railing and immediately find yourself receiving a huge hug from Cara. You are taken aback for a moment by the very unusual occurrence and have no time to act before she hops away again "That was for saving my life, I've owed you it!" The she quickly hops out of the hatch, you can see the two men holding rifles greet her as she passes. The man turns to you "Wait here for a bit, we have to finish a quick scavenge then we will all return to discuss what to do with you."


You judge it best not to decide anything while the two men with guns have a clear shot at you and you have you climb through a hatch to get to them so you simply nod and take a seat to await their return.


This gives you plenty of time to think things through. It has not been long but you are already progressing amazingly with your abilities. You are certain you can control infected easily and can sense them coming a long way off and you can sense the presence of humans or 'normals' at an equal distance even if you can't affect them.


Cara trust you and you actually enjoy her company, the man doesn't fully trust you but isn't aggressive either. The two outside seem to be the guards for the scavengers, you have yet to speak to them but you can sense them always nearby the scavengers.


You could of course strike now, Cara trusting you and getting close to you can be used to your advantage, you just need to ge them off guard once when they return and you can take the guards out leaving Cara and Chris defenseless. It would be a little risky but you are certain you could pull it off. On the other hand you really are enjoying chatting with Cara in the evenings and the food they gave you is actually sitting well and taking the edge off your hunger, why not stay with them a bit, at least until you are back to their little colony, you can decide what to do when you are there after all.
> You ambush them, you may like her company but you gain more from eating them
You need to be prepared if you are going to kill them all. Cara you can use since she seems to trust you, Chris is a fool and wont be trouble. It is just the guards outside that you need to care about, you need a good opportunity to get to them before they can react.


You spend the next couple of hours resting and preparing. You try some fruit from one of the bags but it tastes bad and sits horribly in your stomach as your hunger grows worse, you'll have to eat them soon. Finally you sense their approach and put on your best happy and innocent face to greet them. You think about putting out some food for them but you aren't sure how they would react to you going through their stores so you just wait instead.


Cara enters first and gives you a big smile which you return with an equally big smile and nod, and you even greet Chris which somewhat surprises him but he seems happy about it. "lets get started then" You think to yourself as they sit down and Cara says that it is time for you to discuss your future with them.


"Shouldn't we all be present for this?" You ask, indicating the two men standing outside with your head, "I haven't even met them yet." 


there is a pause and Chris replies "It's our rules, the guards stay on duty all the time and do shifts through the night time, it's the only way we have kept safe so far."
> You suggest you all go outside then and discuss it there. You can get close to them that way and attack now!
"Well why don't we all go out for our chat them!" You suggest "We could sit up on the silo behind them so they could be a part of the discussion while staying on duty."


The two look at each other but you see Cara wavering in your favor and push it a little "It's not as if it will be any more dangerous and I haven't exactly seen the sun in a few days" You say and immediately see the guilt working. Cara agrees and you all head outside. The guards are not so easily won over though. As you exit they spread apart. They are still close enough either side to hear what is happening and take part but they are no longer close enough to attack at the same time. You have to time your attack perfectly. You make a show of offering Cara your hand to help her out and onto the silo roof then with a flourish do the same for Chris who gives you a wry laugh, one of the guards even smirks about it, but only for a moment as you suddenly lunge at him and tackle him down.


You are faster and stronger than any human so it is only a couple of seconds before his neck is snapped and you are back to your feet, spinning to charge the other guard. Sadly it seems they did not survive this long without skills and the second guard is already pointing his gun at you. 


You just have time to take in the horror and tears in Cara's eyes and the immediate revulsion in Chris and the guards before you hear the boom and feel the impact on your chest. You stumble back but hear the click click of a bolt action, you look up in time to take the second shot to the chest and tumble off the silo railing. You are almost grateful that you die before you hit the ground.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You need to be prepared if you are going to kill them all. Cara you can use since she seems to trust you, Chris is a fool and wont be trouble. It is just the guards outside that you need to care about, you need a good opportunity to get to them before they can react.


You spend the next couple of hours resting and preparing. You try some fruit from one of the bags but it tastes bad and sits horribly in your stomach as your hunger grows worse, you'll have to eat them soon. Finally you sense their approach and put on your best happy and innocent face to greet them. You think about putting out some food for them but you aren't sure how they would react to you going through their stores so you just wait instead.


Cara enters first and gives you a big smile which you return with an equally big smile and nod, and you even greet Chris which somewhat surprises him but he seems happy about it. "lets get started then" You think to yourself as they sit down and Cara says that it is time for you to discuss your future with them.


"Shouldn't we all be present for this?" You ask, indicating the two men standing outside with your head, "I haven't even met them yet." 


there is a pause and Chris replies "It's our rules, the guards stay on duty all the time and do shifts through the night time, it's the only way we have kept safe so far."
> You bide your time, you'll get your chance at them soon
There is no point blowing it by being pushy now


"Ah of course, that is a pretty smart precaution" You begin "But as to my future, you say that as if it involves options?"


Cara immediately replies with a smile "Well of course it does, we aren't keeping you prisoner or anything" she pauses "Anymore" She adds with a wink to which you grin. She then continues a little more seriously "Basically you can join us, or head on your way. I would much rather you came with us though" and you can definitely hear some hopefulness in her voice "Perfect, she completely trusts me, this will be easy now" You think you yourself, smiling all the while.


"Well I would love to join you all, it will be much better than being alone again after what happened." you carefully craft your voice to make sure they understand you are referring to the lost friends you spoke about before and you watch them both immediately react like proper normal humans, putting on their caring faces and trusting you more "Honestly this is too easy, they buy anything I tell them" You think as Cara takes you hand, leading you outside. "Well, you are with us now! She announces "And since you have joined us we can do a quick introduction before we head off to the compound!"


The guards chuckle and wink at the fact you are holding hands the moment you exit the hatch and Cara drops you hand, blushing, but berating the guards for being childish. They are now close together and distracted, but they said you were heading to the compound right now.
> You they are open, attack now! You can get the location from one of them after the guards are dead
There is no reason to wait. once the guards are dead, the other two are not even a threat and you can get all the information you need from them before you eat them.


You lunge suddenly and punch one guard cleanly in the jaw. You are not a trained fighter but with your superhuman strength and speed you still hit like a professional heavyweight. You watch the man go unconscious immediately but the momentum tips him over the rail and he falls from the silo. You are already spinning though. The other guard starts to react and the woman starts to scream but you are too fast and punch the guard in the throat before slamming him into the ground and snapping his neck, the haze around his mind vanishes instantly. Seconds later you notice the haze from the first guard vanish too "The fall finished him off then" You think as you turn back to a horrified and crying woman.


"Oh don't worry, I wont kill you right away, I will keep you and the other one alive for a few days, I need information afterall." You grab her and she is unable to resist your sheer strength ans you pull her through the hatch and toss her over the railing and into the silo. The man tries to intervene but you are again to strong and he is tipped over too. You leave them down there while you take the time to bring both bodies and guns inside, leaving no trace of your fight visible and begin feeding on one of them.


You vaguely hear sobbing from the woman below and the man alternating between cursing you and comforting her but what does it matter? They are just prey after all. Finally your hunger is sated and you look down at them, leaving the blood smeared on your chin from your feeding. "So our roles are somewhat reversed then?" You call down.


THe woman is clearly too distraught to answer right away so the man does "Harbinger, that's what you are!" he says it like an isult but it is a compliment really, you are better than them after all. "Indeed, that is one of my names" you reply with a smile "You made this rather easy for me too, trusting a stranger like that, tut tut."


THe woman then pauses her crying long enough to speak up "But you saved me, you were horribly wounded doing it!" You just smirk. "Random luck for you, I was actually intending to kill you when I noticed the mutants too late, had to kill them first or they would have torn me apart while I attacked you. Giving me enough time to begin healing up was nice though" you say as you remove your temporary bandage and show your wounds already well on the way to healing. "Now, you will be telling me where this little colony of yours is before you die. You'll find I can be fairly persuasive when needed.


The man clams up and the woman goes back to sobbing.
> You they have no food or water, leave them a day or two while you feast on the guards in front of them, they will be desperate soon enough
"Well be sure to rest now, you have a few days down there before I question you. although I might let the one who tells me everything go with your food and water. It's not like I need your fruit." You say indicating the partly eaten corpse. You then ignore them and go back to eating.


As night falls they still haven't said a word but you don't expect them to break right away and keep ignoring them, you've eaten all the good meat on the first guard so chuck what is left down into the silo and have a good laugh at the resulting screams, it is one thing to see some one die, it's another to have their half eaten and desecrated corpse thrown at you in the dark.


You settle down for a sleep and quickly fall asleep with your hunger sated for now, you are thinking about how to affect the normals haze when drift off. You are woken in the night by a thump and realize that you no longer sense the shambler in the silo, you call down "Killing it wont do you any good, not as if you could eat it!" You smile to yourself "And that should panic them more, the fact I know exactly what they are doing in the dark". You fall back asleep
> The silo painted red
You wake well before dawn and peer down into the silo, it is hard to make anything out down there even with your night vision so you wait until the light is shining through the cracks and wrench the hatch open, flooding the silo with light and blinding the humans. "Time to rise and shine!" you call down at them as they wake and cover their eyes "One of you might win a chance at going free to day by telling me what I need to now!" You then start eating the other guard, the hunger is never gone long. 


You try and probe their minds while you eat but you are met with little success, it seems normals minds are much trickier than infected, you will need to practice. There is not so much crying today so you decide to taunt them a little more, maybe throw the guards head down once you have eaten the brain os something like that. 


You tear the guards arm off to gnaw on while you lean over the railing to look down at them, you get a big surprise though and see the man holding a pistol pointed right at you. He immediately fires, giving you no time to dodge and you feel two bullets hit your chest before you stumble backwards, several more missing you.


"Where did you?" You manage before you feel blood starting to pool in your lungs and stumble toward the hatch to get outside, there is still a chance of you surviving if you can get to safety, the amount of fresh human flesh you have eaten should help you.


The man calls after you "We never mentioned that out friend down here still had his pistol on him when we lowered him down. I remembered and dug it out after killing him! And time to end this harbinger, you just showed me your back!"


You try and climb outside but the open railing gives you no cover as you hear the man empty his clip. Most of the bullets miss but some still hit and it is enough. You slump down inside and hear the woman crying again as things darken "Why is she still crying" You think "I was eating them".<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>There is no reason to wait. once the guards are dead, the other two are not even a threat and you can get all the information you need from them before you eat them.


You lunge suddenly and punch one guard cleanly in the jaw. You are not a trained fighter but with your superhuman strength and speed you still hit like a professional heavyweight. You watch the man go unconscious immediately but the momentum tips him over the rail and he falls from the silo. You are already spinning though. The other guard starts to react and the woman starts to scream but you are too fast and punch the guard in the throat before slamming him into the ground and snapping his neck, the haze around his mind vanishes instantly. Seconds later you notice the haze from the first guard vanish too "The fall finished him off then" You think as you turn back to a horrified and crying woman.


"Oh don't worry, I wont kill you right away, I will keep you and the other one alive for a few days, I need information afterall." You grab her and she is unable to resist your sheer strength ans you pull her through the hatch and toss her over the railing and into the silo. The man tries to intervene but you are again to strong and he is tipped over too. You leave them down there while you take the time to bring both bodies and guns inside, leaving no trace of your fight visible and begin feeding on one of them.


You vaguely hear sobbing from the woman below and the man alternating between cursing you and comforting her but what does it matter? They are just prey after all. Finally your hunger is sated and you look down at them, leaving the blood smeared on your chin from your feeding. "So our roles are somewhat reversed then?" You call down.


THe woman is clearly too distraught to answer right away so the man does "Harbinger, that's what you are!" he says it like an isult but it is a compliment really, you are better than them after all. "Indeed, that is one of my names" you reply with a smile "You made this rather easy for me too, trusting a stranger like that, tut tut."


THe woman then pauses her crying long enough to speak up "But you saved me, you were horribly wounded doing it!" You just smirk. "Random luck for you, I was actually intending to kill you when I noticed the mutants too late, had to kill them first or they would have torn me apart while I attacked you. Giving me enough time to begin healing up was nice though" you say as you remove your temporary bandage and show your wounds already well on the way to healing. "Now, you will be telling me where this little colony of yours is before you die. You'll find I can be fairly persuasive when needed.


The man clams up and the woman goes back to sobbing.
> The woman seems the easier one to break, Kill the man now in front of her too so she breaks sooner.
You want the information soon and you can easily dust off a human a day the way your hunger returns so kill the man now and eat him later. The woman should break easily enough and you will be headed off to the colony soon to have the feast of your dreams.


You pick up one of the rifles the guards was carrying "Been years since I used one of these! I was never great with them so you'll have to excuse my accuracy." You call down as you take aim at the man. It looks like he might be about to give a retort but you can't be bothered listening and fire right away hitting him square in the chest and knocking him off his feet. "Ah never mind, that was a great shot! You say as you chuck the rifle down on the walkway. The woman just startles then keeps crying.


"Well she will break soon enough" You think as you spend the rest of the evening sleeping and finishing off the rest of the guard. Once you have finished off the good meat you chuck the remains of the desecrated copse down into the silo and have a good laugh at how it would scare the woman before falling asleep.
> You morning in the red silo
You wake up bright and early and realize it is still well before dawn so you make a start of eating the second guard, the hunger is never gone for long. You make good headway before finally seeing light through he cracks around the hatch and wrench it open to let it all flood in and wake the woman up. You expect a startled sound but hear nothing and look down into the silo and see she is missing.


You swear and check everywhere you can see but you can only see the pieces of fencing, the half buried shambler and the dead man. You leap down, knowing you can get back out easily enough and start looking for the woman "If she killed herself I will tear her corpse apart before eating it" You think as you wrench up one of the pieces of fence while standing on the second one.


You realize too late that it is a little too heavy and you just lifted the woman up too as she held onto the under side.You might be faster than any normal human but when you loose several seconds to shock you can still be taken off guard and the woman lashes out with a knife, managing to plunge it into your chest before you can get away. You stumble back as you lash out in return, knocking her aside, but your usual strength is not in the blow and she quickly pulls herself back onto a piece of fence and gets to her feet.


"I'll kill you!" You manage as you take a step towards her but your one lung is already full with blood and it is leaking into the other. You can definitely survive this but you need to eat more flesh and rest very very soon to stand a chance.


The woman snarls back at you, a terrifying counterpoint to the smiles she gave you the morning before "Oh, you will? like you killed the others, leaving me alive? Did you think the woman would be the weakest?" She lunges at you repeatedly, slashing and stabbing. You could so easily defeat her normally, she wouldn't even be a threat, but you can't breath and you are getting weaker.


You land a punch as she cuts your arm and she goes down, but she staggers back up, dazed but still fighting and you know it is over. You don't have the strength any more and when she stabs again you cannot stop it. You simply watch as the knife plunges into your chest twice more before you fall to the ground.


The last thing you hear is the woman crying again.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>There is no reason to wait. once the guards are dead, the other two are not even a threat and you can get all the information you need from them before you eat them.


You lunge suddenly and punch one guard cleanly in the jaw. You are not a trained fighter but with your superhuman strength and speed you still hit like a professional heavyweight. You watch the man go unconscious immediately but the momentum tips him over the rail and he falls from the silo. You are already spinning though. The other guard starts to react and the woman starts to scream but you are too fast and punch the guard in the throat before slamming him into the ground and snapping his neck, the haze around his mind vanishes instantly. Seconds later you notice the haze from the first guard vanish too "The fall finished him off then" You think as you turn back to a horrified and crying woman.


"Oh don't worry, I wont kill you right away, I will keep you and the other one alive for a few days, I need information afterall." You grab her and she is unable to resist your sheer strength ans you pull her through the hatch and toss her over the railing and into the silo. The man tries to intervene but you are again to strong and he is tipped over too. You leave them down there while you take the time to bring both bodies and guns inside, leaving no trace of your fight visible and begin feeding on one of them.


You vaguely hear sobbing from the woman below and the man alternating between cursing you and comforting her but what does it matter? They are just prey after all. Finally your hunger is sated and you look down at them, leaving the blood smeared on your chin from your feeding. "So our roles are somewhat reversed then?" You call down.


THe woman is clearly too distraught to answer right away so the man does "Harbinger, that's what you are!" he says it like an isult but it is a compliment really, you are better than them after all. "Indeed, that is one of my names" you reply with a smile "You made this rather easy for me too, trusting a stranger like that, tut tut."


THe woman then pauses her crying long enough to speak up "But you saved me, you were horribly wounded doing it!" You just smirk. "Random luck for you, I was actually intending to kill you when I noticed the mutants too late, had to kill them first or they would have torn me apart while I attacked you. Giving me enough time to begin healing up was nice though" you say as you remove your temporary bandage and show your wounds already well on the way to healing. "Now, you will be telling me where this little colony of yours is before you die. You'll find I can be fairly persuasive when needed.


The man clams up and the woman goes back to sobbing.
> You kill the woman and the man now, screw the information, you know where to find to compound alone
You look down at the two of them and run through a plan in your mind "The compound is about two days walk North, it is a walled community and still defended. That means it will be on a main road and I will see smoke from fires soon enough. I have no need for them to live."


You pick up one of the rifles and look down at them "Change of plans, I know where the compound is and don't need to torture you. Take this as a blessing, I'm really being rather nice considering the alternatives."


It takes you three shots since you aren't the best with guns but they lie dead in the silo, sources of food for once the guard is gone. You spend the rest of the day feasting on human flesh. and sleep through the night with no hunger bothering you for the first time in an age.


Morning comes with more feasting, as does the rest of the day, and the next. All in all you spend 4 more days there eating every good bit of meat and organ off the four before finally setting out North "This is the only road in the area and it heads North, I am practically guaranteed to find their little community just by following it" You think as you set out, pack on your back we a few leftovers and your bat swinging in your hand.
> You northward with killing on the mind
You start out North with a swing in your step. You are full to bursting with energy from eating the humans, all your wounds are healed up and you know where to find a whole group of humans just waiting to be eaten. "What more could a man want!" You say aloud to the surrounding fields.


Having gorged yourself over the past few days they hunger is staying low to nonexistent and you know it will stay that way for a few days more. Not that you would pass up another meal, best to stay ahead of these sorts of things.


After a few hours you begin testing your powers again. You were able to get your senses to reach further than before and had some fun controlling the shamblers in the barn while you feasted but you need to try something more difficult. Something like the mutants that you fought near the silo. If you can control them, then you will have a force to be reckoned with!


You keep stretching your senses out and find shamblers in small groups or singly but not anything stronger than that. You assume the mutants must be further off road and you might have to go searching for them.
> You it's worth the time and effort, go searching for mutants
Shamblers are not really fighters, those mutants you fought with however, those could fight.


You head off the road to the West, that seemed to be the direction the others came from and you know the humans were being most careful out that way. By lunchtime though you have found nothing new. Just the usual scattered shamblers and no signs of anything else. It is possible that the two you fought were the only ones in this area "Maybe they are territorial like before they died and killed off other mutants? Guess I should actually learn more about the infected if I want to control them all" You think as you take a break for lunch and eat more meat strips.


You decide that even if you want mutants, you may as well practice controlling some shamblers full time so reach out for the nearest ones. You stretch out your senses and invade the shamblers minds. It is so much easier than before and you take control of 8 of them, forcing them to follow you as you progress through the fields. 8 was a little tricky and after a few hours you find your headache growing and your nose starts bleeding again so you take a break, relaxing your hold on them while you snack on a piece of meat, wondering which human you ripped it off.


It takes a couple of hours for the headache to begin subsiding and you set out again, by nightfall you are exhausted and the headache is throbbing with a vengeance. You relax your hold once more and climb into a ditch to sleep, you are in too rough a shape you look for anything else.


You wake well after dawn, that means you slept right through the night again, you are going to have to be more careful from now on if you are going to be asleep for that long.


You do however notice two things; Your headache is gone, and your shamblers have not moved an inch. You gently feel for them and it's almost as if you still have a small connection to their broken minds, you gently push a command for them to walk and they obey instantly "I see, so I must force my mind over them at the start but once I am in control I can relax and they still follow ymy commands!"


Happy with the progress the sleep has given you, you set out again, once more having your shamblers following you from a distance, through the fields and ditches, but now you don't concentrate on them constantly, just gently send out commands and instantly feeling them respond to your will. You grin to yourself "This is going to be easy".


You keep going in a haphazard fashion to the West until nightfall and find the second floor of a barn to use as a bed for the night.You think about the situation and realize that without you  killing them off, that the scavenging team will be due back in a day or two at the most, and you wont beat that time back now so they will be suspicious either way.
> You keep searching for mutants, if they are going to be suspicious either way, you want good minions to fight them
You keep heading West the next morning and finally spot a large grouping of buildings in the distance. Once you get closer you see that it must have been a large farming complex before the infection. Several houses are spread out, surrounded by barns and various buildings you assume had something to do with raising farm animals though your lack of knowledge regarding farming prevents you from working out exactly what that was.


You start being more careful as you approach and sure enough you begin sensing something different than before. haziness in one of the barns that you do not recognize. "Jackpot, something other than humans and shamblers is here, it better not just be some Goram crazy though" You think as your edge closer and closer.


Finally things resolve. there are two things in there that you cannot identify along with a shambler. This confuses you at first but shortly after the strange things move closer and the shambler's mind vanishes "And now at least they have eaten" You think as you finally judge yourself close enough to try and take them over.


You reach out with your mind at one of them first and find it instantly. It's mid is definitely different from anything before, feral and pulsing with instinct but not the same emotions or remnants of intelligence as other minds you had sensed before. You force you will on it and find it fighting back. You can feel the headache starting and push harder as you feel it now trying to flee you attack, leaping around the barn. Finally though you force your control over it and it settles down as your slave. The other one has reacted too though and you realize it is headed your way. Once more you lash out, but this time completely confident of your ability to take it over and the confidence seems to matter and you take it over is seconds.


You now control two mutants, and from their minds, they are two more large mutant cats "Must have been the farm's ratters" You think as you command them to finish eating the shambler in the barn before following you back East. Your headache is terrible and with the accompanying nose bleed you would rather they didn't have hunger on their minds when they were looking at your back.


You have no need to worry though and the next morning they are behaving in the same way as the shamblers you control. docile and waiting your commands. You smile to yourself, this attack was going to be easy. 


It is not long after that you notice the faintest hint of smoke in the distance
> You waiting for nightfall
You look carefully as you approach. The walls are High, maybe 10 foot high and 12 with the railings, the spikes on the top were surely ornamental before but they have been sharpened now into points and you can see men with guns looking over the walls at various points. They are clearly the guards as they are holding guns however they are also clearly relaxed. they probably haven't had any real excitement since the raiders died out a few years back.


It is not long before you have moved right around to the rear of the little community and see that the walls appear exactly the same the entire way around and that there are guards on every wall. You'll have to wait for nightfall. You spend the next few hours carefully maneuvering your shamblers in closer to the community and snacking on meat strips. "Almost out of meat, seems the more I eat humans, the more the hunger grows. Ah well, a feast is coming soon enough." You begin salivating at the though of eating all the humans in the community in front of you. Your senses tell you that there could be as many as 40 in there. 


You will have to improve you abilities to number humans at a distance but for now the numbers match your expectations and you settle in to wait.
> You attacking in the moonlight
You wait as midnight comes and goes and give the new guards on the walls a couple of hours to get comfortable and sleepy before you make your move. The moon is out in a beautiful crescent, looking every bit like a blade cutting down at the little community ahead of you. The light it provides is more than enough for you to see clearly but you know it isn't enough for the guards who have lit torches on the railings "They have lit themselves up like candles but the light will blind them to my approach!" You think to yourself gleefully as you move closer with the six shamblers near you.


You are within a few metres of the first guard when you realize the problem. You can get over the wall easily but the shamblers will never make it. You hiss at yourself for being so stupid and take a few minutes to send them all round to the ditches near the front gate along with the mutants. You will have to open it to get them inside to fight for you.


You move to a dark spot between the torches and leave your bat and pack against the wall before jumping up incase they banged against somthing and gave you away. You reach the railings easily and swing yourself over in one smooth movement, landing quietly on a wooden platform behind the walls "Smart, they built a little walkway all the way around for their guards" You think as you sneak back towards the guard you were near before. He had seemed extra sleepy earlier, and sure enough, you find him napping.


Two steps into the light from the small torch and you have and hand clamped over his mouth and the other around his throat, crushing his windpipe. It gives way with a pop and you finish him off by snapping his neck. The hunger surges up but you have to ignore it for now. You can feast once you have control of the entire compound.


You start sneaking along the walkway toward the next guard and once more find a sleepy man, relaxing in his chair in the torchlight, you smile to yourself, they had become too lax in the peaceful times after the raiders all died. You once more move in close and before the man even wakes up enough to react you have you hand over his mouth and throat. You clamp down, crushing his windpipe but as you feel it give way, you hear the thump of his heel hitting his chair. You quickly snap his neck but the damage is done and the chair tumbles off the edge and into the compound before you can stop it.


You swear to yourself and you hear the noise it makes but you know it wasn't really that loud, You almost think you got away with it when you hear the next guard calling out "Hey Kiel, you fall asleep again!" You quickly drop to the ground, the guard wont take long to get suspicious when their friend does not reply so you need to get the gates open fast.


You sprint between the houses, luckily finding most quiet and dark and come to the main gate. there are two guards here, one either side of the gateway and they are awake and chatting to each other. But you hear the shout going up. The guard has found the body. "Kiel is dead! we have intruders! help!" You swear and rush towards the gate, leaping up and vaulting yourself onto the walkway behind one of the guards. He saw you coming and tries to raise his gun but you are faster and a punch to the throat sends him stumbling over the wall, only to get impaled on a spike before he can fully fall. the haze of his mind already gone by the time he hits the spike. You run and leap at the second guard, but this one has had more time and you see her with rifle ready. She takes the shot as you leap and you feel the impact in your side. You are certain she just got you cleanly in the kidney as you land and start punching her, not giving her time to work the bolt action for another shot.


She shot you though and the hunger fills your mind with anger as you punch her repeatedly in revenge, even though she was dead after the second hit. The shouts of humans running brings you back from your rage and you can sense the minds of several humans headed your way. You leap down and wrench the wooden bar off the gate, swinging it open.


"Time for vengeance!" you think as you order your horde inside and lean up against the wall for a moment to stop your own bleeding. You will easily survive this, but it is still not trivial, you will need a few moments to bind it before you move.


You simply order your horde to attack while you tear a strip off your shirt to stuff into your wound when you hear the shots starting and feel your horde reduce in number quickly. You look up to see the humans aren't all carrying bold action hunting rifles or pistols, several have assault rifles and they are tearing your shambler horde apart with ease, the mutants are doing damage in return though and each has already downed a human.
> You your wound has to wait, support your horde before it is too late
"Gorram automatic weapons!" you say as you drop you attempts to stop your own bleeding and charge the men shooting at the shamblers.You quickly pass the slow cannon fodder as see that two of those still standing have assault rifles and need to be taken down fast, your mutants have also easily killed a man each but they are stopping to feed and at risk themselves because of it. You quickly send to order to attack humans relentlessly, only feeding once they are all dead and leap at the closest human.


You clearly take him by surprise with your speed, bullets pass you by but luckily none hit as you plow right into the man knee first, feeling his ribs crack and sending him flying backwards. You can sense that he is still alive but you doubt that he will be moving any time soon. You spin and land a heavy punch on the next man, knocking him out cold before he can even get an aim at you. You feel two more human minds vanish behind you and glancing back you see the mutants mauling two more before moving on "No more automatic weapons now" You think as you shove the last man standing towards the shamblers as be desperately tries to reload his rifle.


Then you feel one on the mutants flash in pain then vanish. looking over you instantly see it on the ground, bullet wound to the head. You search for the cause and see two of the wall guards, one still aiming down her gun at your dead mutant. You snarl, they were going to pay for that. The second guard grabs the woman "Briar, you killed it, now let's go!" and the both start running along the platform to the rear of the compound.


You give chase and  know you can cut them off if you run through the buildings quickly enough. You start dodging through, hearing gunfire still happening and know that other humans had finished off the last of the shamblers at the gate, but your second mutant and 3 shamblers were already loose between the buildings, hunting for humans.


You rush out the side to see the two you are chasing jumping down and running for what looks like a bunker hatch where other humans are already gathering.
> You chase them down, then slaughter the others as well, they killed your new pet
You Rush after them "They die for killing my pet!" You snarl in your mind as you rush towards them, covering the ground inhumanly fast. You quickly catch the man and backhand him aside then lunge after the one he called 'Briar' she was the one who shot your pet. You even imagine how good your revenge will feel as you snuff her life out.


Sadly though you never consider that when you move with inhuman speed in front of humans with guns currently fighting infected that they will assume you are indeed inhuman. 


The first bullet misses but the second catches you cleanly in the side of your chest right before you reach Briar and it knocks you off your stride. You stumble to your knee, feeling the internal bleeding start, you've been shot twice now and you are definitely reaching your limit even with your regenerative capabilities.


You sense a movement and looking up you see Briar turn to you and raise her gun "You killed claw!" She says as she is about to fire, but she killed your pet and is standing close to you. You lunge upwards as she fires, her bullet tearing through your chest but you have momentum and manage to punch her in the throat before you collapse.


You can feel the blood draining from you now and know you wont get up again but you are also looking right at Briars face. You both know you killed the other as you see her choke to death and she watches you bleed out.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Gorram automatic weapons!" you say as you drop you attempts to stop your own bleeding and charge the men shooting at the shamblers.You quickly pass the slow cannon fodder as see that two of those still standing have assault rifles and need to be taken down fast, your mutants have also easily killed a man each but they are stopping to feed and at risk themselves because of it. You quickly send to order to attack humans relentlessly, only feeding once they are all dead and leap at the closest human.


You clearly take him by surprise with your speed, bullets pass you by but luckily none hit as you plow right into the man knee first, feeling his ribs crack and sending him flying backwards. You can sense that he is still alive but you doubt that he will be moving any time soon. You spin and land a heavy punch on the next man, knocking him out cold before he can even get an aim at you. You feel two more human minds vanish behind you and glancing back you see the mutants mauling two more before moving on "No more automatic weapons now" You think as you shove the last man standing towards the shamblers as be desperately tries to reload his rifle.


Then you feel one on the mutants flash in pain then vanish. looking over you instantly see it on the ground, bullet wound to the head. You search for the cause and see two of the wall guards, one still aiming down her gun at your dead mutant. You snarl, they were going to pay for that. The second guard grabs the woman "Briar, you killed it, now let's go!" and the both start running along the platform to the rear of the compound.


You give chase and  know you can cut them off if you run through the buildings quickly enough. You start dodging through, hearing gunfire still happening and know that other humans had finished off the last of the shamblers at the gate, but your second mutant and 3 shamblers were already loose between the buildings, hunting for humans.


You rush out the side to see the two you are chasing jumping down and running for what looks like a bunker hatch where other humans are already gathering.
> You pull back and wait to see what is going on, there is a lot of them
Chasing them down would be suicide and they would instantly notice your wound and that you are not one of them, pull back for now and observe.


You slip into shadows between a house and some old decorative tree and watch what happens. The two fleeing guards are welcomed into the strange bunker and as the door opens you realize that a bunker is exactly what it is. One of the old 'survive the apocalypse' things you always laughed at. Even at a glance you can can see it has solid metal walls, a solid metal door and lots of room inside with shelved stuffed with food. "They weren't messing around with that thing, I bet dynamite would barely scratch it!" You think as you watch a family running out of the houses to the right, two shamblers in slow pursuit. "Even with a toddler they can outrun them" You think as the family gets to safety and the shamblers fall to gunfire.


You send you mind out and realize the mutant has been doing its job though. there are no more guards on the walls and the gunfire has stopped although is is wounded, probably a single gunshot you think. You watch as the last humans run out from the houses toward the bunker and a man gets taken down from behind by the Mutant, you quickly change it's order from rampaging to surviving and feeding and it drags the body bad into the shadows, barely dodging the bullets from those at the bunker.


You watch the humans look around desperately before all retreating inside and sealing the door. You find yourself along in the compound with your pet mutant and a small pile of dead humans.
> You time to feast and heal
You grab the two nearest bodies and head into a house at random. You find a well kept little home and feeling oddly out of place in the clearly well-loved house you take the bodies into the kitchen and start eating there, feasting until the easiest to devour meat and organs was gone and you couldn't eat more without serious risk of your stomach splitting open.


You are about to take a limb with you but again the house puts you off and you head up empty handed after wiping the blood off your face with a cloth. You reflect on your own odd behavior, you have never respected property before but you guess that it might be different due to this clearly being a well loved home that was lived in literally until moments ago, the owners might even be alive just across the yard in their bunker, or they might be one of the dead you just ate. Either way you can literally feel how you are supposed to act here and find yourself obeying the old unwritten rules of a guest in another home without even thinking about it.


Almost out of spite to how you were just behaving you head into the master bedroom and use it for the night, leaving your mutant orders to guard you as wel as feeding during the rest of the night.
> You morning in the well loved home
You wake up feeling a little strange in the house again, but this was no time to be put off, You have started healing but you need to feed more to expedite the process and you head back down to the kitchen. This time as you feast you start looking around and find all the things that you might find in a normal home before the infection came "Seems like they avoided the worst of everything here" You think as you gnaw on a piece of tough muscle. "Must have had a low turn rate when it became airborne and killed those who turned quickly to stop it spreading, guess I give them credit for that" You keep looking around and realize that there is a note on the fridge, a chore list addressed 'To myself' and signed "Cara" You laugh aloud "This is Cara's house!" you smile to yourself, no longer caring about the house, only thinking about how you tricked and killed it's owner as you feast.


THe next three days pass much the same way, you feasting on humans and occasionally observing the bunker but nothing changes there when you are looking and you never sense any of the humans leaving it. Your wound is closing up already so you think it is time to start doing somthing.
> You test the bunker, there might be a way it if the company selling it were scammers
You can't sit around just healing for any longer so you decide to finally test out this bunker of theirs. You know there have always been companies selling these, some good and some scammers but also that the industry boomed as the virus first began to spread, and most of the boomer companies were frauds, installing the bare minimum for looks then leaving with the money before they had to be used.


You move closer slowly but sense no response from the humans inside, they are so close together is is very difficult to tell anything from them though. You finally edge right up to the door and still no reaction so you start your investigation properly, running through a checklist of possible obvious problems "Hinges are on the inside and the door edges form a perfect seal, walls clearly go deep underground, no windows or large panels, internal welding, the air filters are imbedded right into a 3inch steel plate..." You run through everything you can think of but find no weaknesses, only that it appears to be extreamly well made and large, the 25-30 people you estimate inside seem to have spare room.


You tut aloud as you plan your next move
> You leave and head back South, you have learned what you need to crush the Eastern colony
Time to get out of here and head East. No point wasting any more time now that you know you have the abilities needed to take out the entire Eastern colony. "Thousands, or even tens of thousands of humans just waiting to be eaten!" You think as you load up on some meat strips and Start the walk back South.


You grab a few shamblers at first but think better of it and send them to the compound instead to harass anything that tries to live there again and walk on South alone smiling to yourself. There isn't an infected now that you are scared of as you can control them all. Maybe another harbinger could give you some problems but you know inside that you are the strongest, the alpha predator. 


You work out plans as you walk. A colony as big as the one you are heading too can't be handled the same way, even with only a small number of dead, the bodies started to rot before you could devour them all so you will need a smarter method. Maybe kill a couple of hundred at the start to make sure they know you are in control of their lives then trap the others with shambler and mutant guards. You can have them in little groups, each with their own guards or you could even ring the entire colony in a wall of infected, preventing any hope of escape. "I will need to increase my powers for that one though" You think.


"Going to have to keep the majority alive, maybe use them as slaves while I feed off them slowly. a population that big could sustain me for years to come, my own little herd of cattle waiting for the slaughter." You are enjoying the ideas  when night finally falls. You find a broken down building to camp in and sleep a few hours before setting off once more in the morning.
> You reaching the highway from the North
You move quickly the next day and cover a lot of ground by jogging and walking quickly, your hunger is already starting to return and you want to reach your goal as fast as possible. You think about grabbing the minds of some infected you pass but again decide against it, you can get stronger and better fed ones in the city. You could even grab a few mutants before crossing the bridge if you wanted as there should be a couple around there.


As dusk begins you can make out the highway in the distance and keep jogging and hour into the night until you finally get back to the furniture van with the sofa in it. You lock yourself in once more and eat a few of your meat strips, as long as you keep eating those, then the hunger seems to keep itself at bay. It never truly vanishes though unless you consume fresh flesh.


You consider this for a time, it used to be that your meals would come days apart, then weeks apart and you would have to horde scraps of human and animal flesh to get by. The hunger stayed away though, but now the more you eat, the more the hunger returns, getting stronger each time. Feasting on the humans in such numbers recently has made it stronger than ever and you can feel it constantly weighing on your mind, pushing you to kill more and eat more.


"It's like a second voice where a conscience used to be, but the opposite, telling me to kill and feast on humans, which then makes it stronger. Maybe this is a curse harbingers face, each human they devour feeds the hunger inside which then drives them to kill more an more. I will have to be careful I don't let it influence me too greatly."


With those thoughts you drift off to sleep
> You east with the dawn
You set off with the dawn as you know you have a few days walking ahead of you at the very least and wanted to relish the sofa for a few more hours.


You keep heading East and don't find much food on the way but your powers increase even further, with you able to control and direct large groups of shamblers from a distance


You learn to differentiate the minds of shamblers and fast types, even a mutants to the South easily fall under your control as your range increases. Your tests let you control several infected at once and direct them as you please individual without lessening your grip or concentration on the others. "They will have no idea what hit them when I reach the Eastern colony" You think to yourself. Your physical abilities have also improved. You were already faster and stronger than any normal human but that has increases along with your mental abilities, you know there isn't a normal human alive who could face you in a fight and you can rip a car's door clean off its hinges with only a little effort.


It's not long after that you finally reach the bridge across the river. There are infected on it but this wont stop you now as they are just shamblers and you direct them over the sides of the bridge to fall into the deep flowing water below. After a few moment you realize that either the fall or the drowning has actually killed most of them but shrug it off as another test, they are just prey after all.


Then the pain begins. A sudden sharp stabbing right into your mind forces you to your knees. You try to fight it off and feel it diminishing, like you are holding a barrier up against it, protecting your mind with your powers, but you feel just how much strong the other force is. It feels like a glacier bearing down on your mind, slow but inexorable.


You lash out at it with your mind, trying to force it away and almost imagine your attacks as flames striving against the attack. Then the attack pauses, it cannot gain any more ground against you. The pressure is still there and the pain is throbbing in your head but you stopped it in it's tracks. You grin as you stand up as straight as you can, they probably cannot see you but if another harbinger is going to attack you then you will destroy them while standing tall and showing your superiority. You do however feel the blood streaming down your face from your nose and realize that this is the worst nosebleed you have ever had "But of course, they launched a surprise attack on me, anyone would take a small hit but I held them off, I stopped their surprise attack easily and now I can destroy them!"


Then the second weight hits your mind and your defenses shatter, this one felt different, almost ethereal but once it hit, your already stretched defense shattered instantly, letting the original attack succeed, the pain spikes suddenly . But then the pain suddenly stops.


"Sorry about this, I really am, but you are far too close to being red to get in here alive. Only a matter of days before you went fully over so it is much better you are killed now before you actually become a threat worth worrying about."


You try and respond but find that everything feels fuzzy, you are sure the voice in your head is female though


"Oh yes, might have damaged a few things there, attacking really isn't my strong suit so I might have used too much strength, well either way it doesn't matter now. Bye"


You feel a slight pain then everything fades out to black<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You can't sit around just healing for any longer so you decide to finally test out this bunker of theirs. You know there have always been companies selling these, some good and some scammers but also that the industry boomed as the virus first began to spread, and most of the boomer companies were frauds, installing the bare minimum for looks then leaving with the money before they had to be used.


You move closer slowly but sense no response from the humans inside, they are so close together is is very difficult to tell anything from them though. You finally edge right up to the door and still no reaction so you start your investigation properly, running through a checklist of possible obvious problems "Hinges are on the inside and the door edges form a perfect seal, walls clearly go deep underground, no windows or large panels, internal welding, the air filters are imbedded right into a 3inch steel plate..." You run through everything you can think of but find no weaknesses, only that it appears to be extreamly well made and large, the 25-30 people you estimate inside seem to have spare room.


You tut aloud as you plan your next move
> You wait it out, you have enough food for a while and you can observe more
There is no rush and you don't want to waste your time bashing your head against some stupid bunker so you simply make yourself at home and keep feasting for the next week. The time passes slowly but happily as you feast on the best humans and have your pet mutant feed of those who start to rot of the bits you don't want. It's the perfect pet, bigger than any normal dog should be, eats your leftovers nd can literally tear a group of humans apart in seconds.


Time passes though and still nothing happens, even with so many humans in there you saw a lot of food and that was just a glimpse in the doorway, there is no telling how long it could take for them to come out. You pass the next week in the same way and finally have enough. You are basically fully healed, you have eaten all the good human flesh available and you need to do somthing
> You test this thing properly, you have guns and access to gunpowder afterall
You head back to where all the guards died and collect all their weapons and ammo before taking it back to in front of the bunker. you start but simply shooting a few of the guns at it and get a clear reaction from those inside but the bullets just bounce right off leaving barely a scratch on the metal.


You then start taking them apart using tools in one of the sheds, someone here obviously made their own ammo and between their spare powder and that collected from bullets you dismantle you gain a fair sized bag of explosive to test. You once read something about needing to contain he blast until it built up enough so you find an old heavy duty pan with a sealing pressure lid to use and take everything over to the door of the bunker. You place the bag inside, slip in a makeshift fuse and light it. You seal the pan up as fast as possible then run for it. You dive behind a building but nothing happens.


You wait a few moments an nothing is happening so you get to your feet and peek around the corner of the building as the explosion goes off. It's rather impressive if you say so yourself with lots of smoke and bits of metal flying everywhere but when it clears you can see the bunker clearly un-moved. You head over and find that it scorched the door a fair bit and there are some obvious scratches from the pieces of metal but that is all. You clearly aren't going to get inside this way.


You turn to head away when you see hear the faintest humming noise and notice something blinking near the edge of the bunker. You find a small indent with a camera sunken into it behind a tiny thick piece of glass "They have a generator and cameras in this thing? where the hell do you buy something like this!" Frustrated you give up and start walking back over to the house.


Unfortunately now that they took the risk of turning the generator and cameras on the humans can see you, and can see you are alone.


You sense them moving before you hear the door open and have time to spin around so that you can clearly see when it opens and there are 4 humans already pointing guns your way. You try to dive to the side but two of the bullets still hit you and you hit the ground hard. You see you mutant rushing them from the shadows but they simply turn nd fire at it, automatic weapons tearing it apart and killing it before it even got half way to them. THen they turn back to you and fire again.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Gorram automatic weapons!" you say as you drop you attempts to stop your own bleeding and charge the men shooting at the shamblers.You quickly pass the slow cannon fodder as see that two of those still standing have assault rifles and need to be taken down fast, your mutants have also easily killed a man each but they are stopping to feed and at risk themselves because of it. You quickly send to order to attack humans relentlessly, only feeding once they are all dead and leap at the closest human.


You clearly take him by surprise with your speed, bullets pass you by but luckily none hit as you plow right into the man knee first, feeling his ribs crack and sending him flying backwards. You can sense that he is still alive but you doubt that he will be moving any time soon. You spin and land a heavy punch on the next man, knocking him out cold before he can even get an aim at you. You feel two more human minds vanish behind you and glancing back you see the mutants mauling two more before moving on "No more automatic weapons now" You think as you shove the last man standing towards the shamblers as be desperately tries to reload his rifle.


Then you feel one on the mutants flash in pain then vanish. looking over you instantly see it on the ground, bullet wound to the head. You search for the cause and see two of the wall guards, one still aiming down her gun at your dead mutant. You snarl, they were going to pay for that. The second guard grabs the woman "Briar, you killed it, now let's go!" and the both start running along the platform to the rear of the compound.


You give chase and  know you can cut them off if you run through the buildings quickly enough. You start dodging through, hearing gunfire still happening and know that other humans had finished off the last of the shamblers at the gate, but your second mutant and 3 shamblers were already loose between the buildings, hunting for humans.


You rush out the side to see the two you are chasing jumping down and running for what looks like a bunker hatch where other humans are already gathering.
> You pretend to be a human fleeing the vilence like the others to get inside whatever it is they are running for
You have the blood on you to look like a wound and you do look human so why not?


You quickly start jogging out, clutching your side where you were shot and waving for help. You even pull the nearest shambler to 'chase you' to add a little realism to your drama. You see the group at the strange bunker entrance point at the two fleeing their way and welcoming them in. Then you see them point your way "Perfect, I get inside during the panic and they have no-where to run" You think as you close the distance.


Shots ring out but you know they are aimed behind you and you feel the shambler go down, You glance behind then toward the men with guns "Thankyou! oh thankyou!" you start as you get close. Then the girl looks at you again, the one the man called 'Briar' "He is working with them, I saw him kill Claw at the gate!" she shouts and immediately the guns ring out again, this time at you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wait as midnight comes and goes and give the new guards on the walls a couple of hours to get comfortable and sleepy before you make your move. The moon is out in a beautiful crescent, looking every bit like a blade cutting down at the little community ahead of you. The light it provides is more than enough for you to see clearly but you know it isn't enough for the guards who have lit torches on the railings "They have lit themselves up like candles but the light will blind them to my approach!" You think to yourself gleefully as you move closer with the six shamblers near you.


You are within a few metres of the first guard when you realize the problem. You can get over the wall easily but the shamblers will never make it. You hiss at yourself for being so stupid and take a few minutes to send them all round to the ditches near the front gate along with the mutants. You will have to open it to get them inside to fight for you.


You move to a dark spot between the torches and leave your bat and pack against the wall before jumping up incase they banged against somthing and gave you away. You reach the railings easily and swing yourself over in one smooth movement, landing quietly on a wooden platform behind the walls "Smart, they built a little walkway all the way around for their guards" You think as you sneak back towards the guard you were near before. He had seemed extra sleepy earlier, and sure enough, you find him napping.


Two steps into the light from the small torch and you have and hand clamped over his mouth and the other around his throat, crushing his windpipe. It gives way with a pop and you finish him off by snapping his neck. The hunger surges up but you have to ignore it for now. You can feast once you have control of the entire compound.


You start sneaking along the walkway toward the next guard and once more find a sleepy man, relaxing in his chair in the torchlight, you smile to yourself, they had become too lax in the peaceful times after the raiders all died. You once more move in close and before the man even wakes up enough to react you have you hand over his mouth and throat. You clamp down, crushing his windpipe but as you feel it give way, you hear the thump of his heel hitting his chair. You quickly snap his neck but the damage is done and the chair tumbles off the edge and into the compound before you can stop it.


You swear to yourself and you hear the noise it makes but you know it wasn't really that loud, You almost think you got away with it when you hear the next guard calling out "Hey Kiel, you fall asleep again!" You quickly drop to the ground, the guard wont take long to get suspicious when their friend does not reply so you need to get the gates open fast.


You sprint between the houses, luckily finding most quiet and dark and come to the main gate. there are two guards here, one either side of the gateway and they are awake and chatting to each other. But you hear the shout going up. The guard has found the body. "Kiel is dead! we have intruders! help!" You swear and rush towards the gate, leaping up and vaulting yourself onto the walkway behind one of the guards. He saw you coming and tries to raise his gun but you are faster and a punch to the throat sends him stumbling over the wall, only to get impaled on a spike before he can fully fall. the haze of his mind already gone by the time he hits the spike. You run and leap at the second guard, but this one has had more time and you see her with rifle ready. She takes the shot as you leap and you feel the impact in your side. You are certain she just got you cleanly in the kidney as you land and start punching her, not giving her time to work the bolt action for another shot.


She shot you though and the hunger fills your mind with anger as you punch her repeatedly in revenge, even though she was dead after the second hit. The shouts of humans running brings you back from your rage and you can sense the minds of several humans headed your way. You leap down and wrench the wooden bar off the gate, swinging it open.


"Time for vengeance!" you think as you order your horde inside and lean up against the wall for a moment to stop your own bleeding. You will easily survive this, but it is still not trivial, you will need a few moments to bind it before you move.


You simply order your horde to attack while you tear a strip off your shirt to stuff into your wound when you hear the shots starting and feel your horde reduce in number quickly. You look up to see the humans aren't all carrying bold action hunting rifles or pistols, several have assault rifles and they are tearing your shambler horde apart with ease, the mutants are doing damage in return though and each has already downed a human.
> You get out of here, if your horde is loosing, you have to save yourself
"Gorram automatic weapons!" You think as you quickly move out of the gate and into the night. You glance in all directions before heading South, the guards on the walls are too distracted by the fighting and you slip right past, jogging for nearly an hour before finding a small shed just off the road to collapse into for the night. You wedge the door shut then relax back against the wall to check your wound.


The bullet is still inside and it is bleeding a lot, you'll have to keep it closed for it to heal and the jogging did you no favors, increasing your blood loss. You feel around the back and locate the bullet close to the skin on that side so you quickly cut the skin with a nail you find on the floor and pull the bullet out before finally using a strip of shift to bind yourself up. "Good thing I'm not human or that really would have killed me" you think as you fall deeply asleep never even wondering how far you had gotten in your jog.
> You morning in the shed
You wake with a headache and in pain from your wound but you can already feel it beginning to heal. This one would take at least a week to get healed enough to act normally but you got out alive and that is all that matters. You did however loose your horde and that angers you. You were going to have to get revenge on the humans another way, maybe once your wound heals up you can go for a new plan. Either way, you'll need to get a nice safe location to lay low for a bit.


You retie your temporary bandage then force the door open to head out into the morning sunlight.


You stop immediately when you find a ring of humans about 20 feet away with guns pointed at you. One calls over "You nearly had us that time raider, getting them inside the walls, don't know how you managed that but they are dumb and stop to feed letting us kill them easily. Then you also left us a blood trail all the way here, must be quite the wound you got." He says this last piece with a huge grin. He is obviously very happy that you are wounded.


You spit and reply "I'm no raider, and I'm going to have my revenge on you all for killing my pets." you reply as you start forward, hunger and anger getting the better of you. Mere humans taunting you like this.


Sadly anger is not a great way to think and the man replies as you take your first steps "Oh no, we will be getting our revenge on you, and we really don't care what you are." The humans all begin firing at once.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Shamblers are not really fighters, those mutants you fought with however, those could fight.


You head off the road to the West, that seemed to be the direction the others came from and you know the humans were being most careful out that way. By lunchtime though you have found nothing new. Just the usual scattered shamblers and no signs of anything else. It is possible that the two you fought were the only ones in this area "Maybe they are territorial like before they died and killed off other mutants? Guess I should actually learn more about the infected if I want to control them all" You think as you take a break for lunch and eat more meat strips.


You decide that even if you want mutants, you may as well practice controlling some shamblers full time so reach out for the nearest ones. You stretch out your senses and invade the shamblers minds. It is so much easier than before and you take control of 8 of them, forcing them to follow you as you progress through the fields. 8 was a little tricky and after a few hours you find your headache growing and your nose starts bleeding again so you take a break, relaxing your hold on them while you snack on a piece of meat, wondering which human you ripped it off.


It takes a couple of hours for the headache to begin subsiding and you set out again, by nightfall you are exhausted and the headache is throbbing with a vengeance. You relax your hold once more and climb into a ditch to sleep, you are in too rough a shape you look for anything else.


You wake well after dawn, that means you slept right through the night again, you are going to have to be more careful from now on if you are going to be asleep for that long.


You do however notice two things; Your headache is gone, and your shamblers have not moved an inch. You gently feel for them and it's almost as if you still have a small connection to their broken minds, you gently push a command for them to walk and they obey instantly "I see, so I must force my mind over them at the start but once I am in control I can relax and they still follow ymy commands!"


Happy with the progress the sleep has given you, you set out again, once more having your shamblers following you from a distance, through the fields and ditches, but now you don't concentrate on them constantly, just gently send out commands and instantly feeling them respond to your will. You grin to yourself "This is going to be easy".


You keep going in a haphazard fashion to the West until nightfall and find the second floor of a barn to use as a bed for the night.You think about the situation and realize that without you  killing them off, that the scavenging team will be due back in a day or two at the most, and you wont beat that time back now so they will be suspicious either way.
> You head back quickly so you can attack before the party is too long overdue and alarms are raised
You can take out the small compound alone easily enough so having some shamblers under your control will be more than enough. Also if you take too long they will be suspicious if their team does not return but you turn up instead. You stretch out your senses and invade the shamblers minds. It is so much easier than before and you take control of 8 of them, forcing them to follow you as you progress down the road. 8 was a little tricky and after a few hours you find your headache growing and your nose starts bleeding again so you take a break, relaxing your hold on them while you snack on a piece of meat, wondering which human you ripped it off.


It takes a couple of hours for the headache to begin subsiding and you set out again, by nightfall you are exhausted and the headache is throbbing with a vengeance. You relax your hold once more and climb into a ditch to sleep, you are in too rough a shape you look for anything else.


You wake well after dawn, that means you slept right through the night again, you are going to have to be more careful from now on if you are going to be asleep for that long.


You do however notice two things; Your headache is gone, and your shamblers have not moved an inch. You gently feel for them and it's almost as if you still have a small connection to their broken minds, you gently push a command for them to walk and they obey instantly "I see, so I must force my mind over them at the start but once I am in control I can relax and they still follow ymy commands!"


Happy with the progress the sleep has given you, you set out again, once more having your shamblers following you from a distance, through the fields and ditches, but now you don't concentrate on them constantly, just gently send out commands and instantly feeling them respond to your will. You grin to yourself "This is going to be easy"


It is not long after that you notice the faintest hint of smoke in the distance
> You approaching the target, horde following behind
You slow your pace a little to match that of a normal human's walking and soon your keen eyes pick out a grey smudge below the thin trail of smoke. As you get closer the smudge resolves itself into a large grey wall topped with small spiked railings. The gated community.


You keep your pace slow, you aren't sure if a normal human could have noticed the smoke and walls yet so you play it safe and wait a few more minutes before obviously turning your attention to the wall. You have your shamblers take more care and move slowly closer on either side, you picked up a few more that morning so you have a dozen of them now, 6 on each side.


You look carefully as you approach. The walls are High, maybe 10 foot high and 12 with the railings, the spikes on the top were surely ornamental before but they have been sharpened now into points and you can see men with guns looking over the walls at various points. They are clearly the guards as they are holding guns however they are also clearly relaxed. they probably haven't had any real excitement since the raiders died out a few years back.


You look carefully at them and realize that none of them is actually reacting to you at all. you look around and realize that most of you is covered by farm hedges and gates so that unless they were being vigilant they wont notice you for a few minutes yet. You still have time to decide on your best plan of action.
> You head on up the road openly and claim the scavengers sent you so you can get inside
The scavengers move a lot slower than you do so they might not even be expected back yet, time to use this to your advantage!


You quickly check yourself over, your arm wound is already healed to the point that it looks more like an old injury than a frsh claw attack from a mutant, that will be easy to pass off. There is some blood on your clothing along with mud and other stains but honestly who doesn't in this world. You set out for the gates.


As you walk you carefully maneuver all of your shamblers into ditches and under hedges, you are going to abandon then for a day maybe two before you attack so it is best if they are hidden properly, and it is not as if they complain about living in a hole for two days.


You walk slowly, trying to emulate a weary human on a long walk and finally get close to the gate. You are in full view of the guard on the wall for a while before they finally notice you and the shout goes up to mark your presence "Lax guards, they should have seen me miles back. This will be easy if they are all this bad" You keep walking until you finally halt in front of the gate.


The walls either side are clearly a solid 10 feet tall with the 2 foot railing spikes above and they are clearly maintained, the gates are large wooden affairs with metal banding, probably to emulate old castle gates but they will be strong. You see several humans looking down at you from either side and having seen them move there from around the walls you know they must have a walkway on the inside.


You see several guns level at you but no fingers on triggers just yet, you also note that two of the guns are assault rifles, you will need to be careful. You know it is best to wait for them to speak first and do not need to wait for long before one of the men calls down "State your business, then prove you are human!"


You lay your pak and bat down carefully then show your hands are now empty as you reply "Well I met your scavenging team a couple of days South and they sent me here to find sanctuary." you pause "I don't know how much they know about my kind so I'll play it dumb" You continue "As for proving I am human, well erm, I am talking?"


The man stares at you "Show us your skin, no recent bites, that sort of thing. Then when we clear you, you can prove you were sent by our scavenging team." He keeps his gun up so you know you have to comply now.


You slowly take your shirt off, revealing your muscular body and see a couple of approving looks from the women, then do a slow turn with arms raised to show you don't have any bites "Do I remove the trousers and underwear out here too?" You ask the man who is clearly in charge but he simply waves at your shirt and you put it back on. Realizing he is waiting for you you think quickly about what you had learned before you killed them, it occurs to you that they made a couple of jokes about a man called "Boring" who kept trying to be all official with the gate so you gamble on that.


"Well when I was with Cara and Chris they did tell me what to do when I got here" You begin, and note the positive reaction when you gave their names "They said I should come to the gate a report to mr. Boring, well they just said 'boring'" You immediately see the man turn a little red and look displeased "I will have words with them!" The other guards clearly start chuckling and grinning behind him I have told them not to nickname me 'boring', they can use 'Fire' or 'Lion' but not Boring! what I do at the gate is important!"


You can see you touched a nerve but from every ones expressions you know that you are safe, this is obviously a running joke so you keep going "Erm, sorry? Thats kind of all they told me to do,.." You trial off and know you are successful when you see the man sigh and wave behind him before replying "Yes, well you can't be blamed for their pranks, Chris is too easily influenced by Cara and her pranks, Welcome to 'Safe-Haven', the name might not be original but it fits."


The gate opens and you head inside.
> You safe-Haven
As you walk in through the gate you get your first proper view of the little community, apart from the surrounding wall and wooden walkway you couldn't even tell that the world ended outside. There is a group of nicely laid out houses in the centre, a play park, a couple of mechanical looking buildings with tools and machinery inside and even a generator next to them.


The people are the same, clean clothing and all smiling and chatting as if the most horrific decade in human history wasn't still fully underway just past the gate you had walked through. One of the guards hops down behind you and several of the people come over, one is even carrying a toddler. The guard starts introducing everyone and you give short pleasant responses before realizing the thing that was bugging you the most. You look like a hobo, a hobo who had something die and rot on it's clothing recently and everyone around you is clean and well dressed for a rural community.


Your realization and glances at your torn and stained shirt must have registered as one of the women cuts the guard off "Let the man rest and get a change of clothing first before he gets embarrassed!" You are about to object when you hear a whoop from behind you and a female guard from the gate comes running over "I'll help, just wait till you see him with his shirt off!" The older woman tuts at her "Briar, behave yourself!" but she just grins and turns to you "Ok lets get you out of that shirt so I can burn it!". You don't actually feel embarrassed about anything around your prey and you definitely don't care what they think since you are about to eat them but you do find it strange that the social conventions still hold sway over you "I will have to break myself of these stupid old social compulsions, they get in the way" You think as you pull your shirt off and hear another whoop from Briar as she takes your shirt and heads off to a fire-pit near the walls. You also get some approving looks from the other ladies and glance down at your perfectly muscled self, "I am a bit of an Adonis thanks to the virus, makes sense I guess" you think as you let the crowd of women take you over to a shed and hand you some new clothing.


You do change in private though, despite seeing them as prey to be eaten at the first opportunity, you mind still pulls you away from certain acts.


When you finally come out there is a larger crowd, including men ready to greet you and show you their little community. They take you on a whirlwind tour, showing off everything like proud parents showing off their firstborn child. It is all as you first saw, nice well loved little houses and a couple of old barns used as machine shops, The one thing that catches your eye is at the back. A huge metal door leading into a metal corridor that seems half buried at the back of the compound.


"That's our bunker!" One of the men proudly announces "If everything else fails, we can all live in there for months without any worries!" You mke a mental note to check it out, it would be problematic if you entire food supply was locked in a giant steel box after all.
> The night and the next day
You are shown to a house that looks less well kept than the others and are told you can use it as your own "An old member, called himself 'Playa' used to live here, sadly he was on a scavenge when they got attacked, him and his partner never returned so now it's yours." You thank them and head inside, finding yourself automatically wiping your feet as you do so "Oh come on, I haven't wiped my feet in years, what am I doing?" You head upstairs and find a nicely laid out bedroom complete with a full bead "Although I really can't complain about this!" You hop onto the bed and relax "Even better than my van-sofa!" You think as you begin making your plans.


You start by stretching out your senses and trying to count the humans, you find that they are often too close together to count perfectly but at least 30-40 which fits your initial guess. Several act as guards day and night and they have a fair amount of guns including at least two automatic weapons. They also have the bunker but there are ways of dealing with that too.


You slowly fall asleep as the sun sets, thinking about all those walking meals, just feet away and battling the hunger that always comes with those type of thoughts.
> You well before dawn
You wake after just a few hours sleep like you used too, hunger eating at your belly and pressing on the back of your mind. You are going to have to make your plans soon or you might snap and just outright attack someone.Then you pause "I'm not normally this bloodthirsty, I used to be able to control my urges much better. Guess this is what happens when I feast, luckily I know I can hold it at bay for a few days if I need too"


You roll over in your bed and send out your senses again before finally heading over to the window to check the time "The moon says it's around 3 or 4 am and there are definitely guards still on the walkway but they are not moving at all. Probably sleep right now if not fully asleep from how lax they were when I approached.


You head downstairs and peak out all of the windows, sure enough you see little to no movement anywhere in the compound. You cannot see the gate from your new house but if the two guards there are anything like the others then they will be fast asleep too.


You think things through again "The scavengers are due back tomorrow I'd guess, I could play it out for one extra day if I say they had an extra large amount of food but people will get suspicious quickly. My other option is making my move now, I have the shamblers outside and ready to invade the second I kill a few guards and let them in."
> You hold off one more day to plan and prepare
Waiting it out one more day while you investigate the bunker and guard numbers is the best plan so you head to the kitchen and see what you can find to eat. You find it empty "They must have cleared it out after the last bugger died" You think s you head back upstairs to wait for dawn to arrive, it wouldn't be smart to be caught wandering about outside right now if you didn't plan to kill them all tonight.


When the dawn finally comes, you have decided that the bunker is the key, even if you got half the guards dead and lat the shamblers inside, a large number of the humans could get to the bunker and hide out there if they were smart. You head out into the dawn light with a plan in mind.


But first you have to act nice to the walking meat-sacks.


You spend some time exchanging pleasantries with the members of the community and finally Boring heads you way with questions clearly on his mind "So friend, you survived long enough to get here and join us and you say Cara's team sent you but there are some things you need to answer". You give your best 'I'm not planning on ripping your head off and eating you' smile and reply "Of course, whatever you need to ask"


"Two things" He begins "Firstly, everyone here earns their keep, even the kids, well, once they are able, anyway, if you plan to stay you'll need to do your share. Second, we were expecting Cara's team back before dusk yesterday and they haven't arrived, what do you know?" He immediately gets some disapproving looks from the others nearby but you reply quickly to them as well as him "They are fair questions, I will of course do my share where-ever I am needed, I will let the community decide my role and I will happily do it, you are the ones who know what is needed here. As for Cara and the others... I don't know, they did have a large number of sacks full of fruit and veg though, they said they had been extra successful?" He thinks for a moment then nods and heads off back to the gate while you force the bowl of gruel down your throat. It tasted liek ashes in your mouth and felt like it was kicking you in the gut it sat so badly but you had to keep the act up or they prey would get suspicious too quickly.


After breakfast and the pleasantries you head for a walk around the inside of the wall, waving and saying hello to the guards before finally coming to the bunker, finding it open.
> The bunker
You grin at your own good fortune and immediately try to act like an innocent but curious visitor "Hello there?" You call as you slip through the door and down the ramp inside, finding yourself in a much larger room than expected. The walls lined with shelves packed with food tins of all varieties and bottles of water. You even see a generator with its vents plugged into the wall in one corner "They weren't kidding when they said they could survive here for months" You think as a man steps out of a far corner and simply asks "Can I help you?"


You put on your best smile "Ah erm, well I just arrived yesterday and everyone was talking about the bunker so when I saw the door open I thought I should come and look, I did should hello?" The man simply nod and goes back to his clipboard "Ah yes, I saw you briefly as you were swarmed by the more excitable members of our little community. Luckily with the relatively recent loss of two members you will not throw our plans off at all.


You are about to question his 'plans' when you realize he must be referring to the stores down here, he must be in charge of the rationing so he would be the one knowing exact numbers of people and things. "Well it seems very safe down here." You try.


"Ah yes, safe indeed, out community all put in together to fund it from a specialist company I used to work for! We were not like the scammers that came after the infection began spreading. We were very expensive but with build with great care, our minimum standard was would we feel safe in it ourselves, and in this case I planned to use it myself so I made double certain of every detail." He seems keen on the subject so you keep asking questions "So you knew something like the virus was coming?"


He pauses and looks at you "The virus?" Then he seems to reach some conclusion you can only guess at and brightens up before continuing "Oh dear me no, the virus was a shock indeed, we expected nuclear war. The world was headed towards it and we expected the biological attacks to get worse and worse until someone finally launched the first nuke. It seems that at least one country had other plans and released a virus that was a little too effective. Once it started mutating even their own vaccines were not effective.This beauty is a full community nuclear fallout shelter. You could house a small number safely for years without ever opening the door, the entire community could easily last" He glances down at his clipboard "5 and a half months before needing to make a run for more water, then they would have another 5 months!" excellent design and it could be hit directly by  a tank and barely take any damage! We were remote enough to avoid the main hordes but close enough to the city to get the vaccine once it was developed and only lost a handful of members." He goes back to smiling to himself as he marked things off on his board "Well thanks for the info" you say as you head back out.

 

Either you need to be in here when the door shuts of you need to stop anyone else getting in, you don't see any weakness at all in the design.
> You waiting for nightfall
You spend the rest of the day checking out all of the defenses as subtly as possible and being nice to all the humans as they taunted you with their flesh and minds, just waiting to be eaten, but you hold the urges off for now. You cannot act prematurely and let the hunger control you, that will just get you killed.


You force yourself to stomach the horrendous food they give you and finally retire to your own house for the night and count the hour passed as you watch the moon. at midnight you sense the guards change over and watch the new ones settle in and get relaxed, leaving them long enough to get nice and sleepy before acting.


But the ones at the gate keep moving, they clearly are not sleepy and might be a small problem tonight.
> You gate open first, then while the shamblers get killed, you hide in the bunker with the others
You slip quickly out of the house and head for the South West corner of the compound "No time like the present!" you think as you sneak close to the first guard and see he is isn't moving "Time to reduce the number of humans with guns so my shamblers will have free reign" You think as you move further along the wall. The guards have lit torches on the railings, helps them see nearby things but makes them night blind to anything more than a few feet away. You find a spot between torches and gently swing yourself up onto the walkway. You sneak back towards the guard you were near before. He had seemed extra sleepy earlier, and sure enough, you find him napping.


Two steps into the light from the small torch and you have one hand clamped over his mouth and the other around his throat, crushing his windpipe. It gives way with a pop and you finish him off by snapping his neck. The hunger surges up but you have to ignore it for now. You can feast once you have control of the entire compound.


You start sneaking along the walkway toward the next guard and once more find a sleepy man, relaxing in his chair in the torchlight, you smile to yourself, they had become too lax in the peaceful times after the raiders all died. You once more move in close and before the man even wakes up enough to react you have you hand over his mouth and throat. You clamp down, crushing his windpipe but as you feel it give way, you hear the thump of his heel hitting his chair. You quickly snap his neck but the damage is done and the chair tumbles off the edge and into the compound before you can stop it.


You swear to yourself and you hear the noise it makes but you know it wasn't really that loud, You almost think you got away with it when you hear the next guard calling out "Hey Kiel, you fall asleep again!" You quickly drop to the ground, the guard wont take long to get suspicious when their friend does not reply so you need to get the gates open fast.


You sprint between the houses, luckily finding most quiet and dark and come to the main gate. there are two guards here, one either side of the gateway and they are awake and chatting to each other. But you hear the shout going up. The guard has found the body. "Kiel is dead! we have intruders! help!" You swear and rush towards the gate, leaping up and vaulting yourself onto the walkway behind one of the guards. He saw you coming and tries to raise his gun but you are faster and a punch to the throat sends him stumbling over the wall, only to get impaled on a spike before he can fully fall. the haze of his mind already gone by the time he hits the spike. You run and leap at the second guard, but this one has had more time and you see her with rifle ready. She takes the shot as you leap and you feel the impact in your side. You are certain she just got you cleanly in the kidney as you land and start punching her, not giving her time to work the bolt action for another shot.


She shot you though and the hunger fills your mind with anger as you punch her repeatedly in revenge, even though she was dead after the second hit.. The shouts of humans running brings you back from your rage and you can sense the minds of several humans headed your way. You leap down and wrench the wooden bar off the gate, swinging it open.


"Time for vengeance!" you think as you order your horde inside and lean up against the wall for a moment to stop your own bleeding. You will easily survive this, but it is still not trivial, you will need a few moments to bind it before you move.


You simply order your horde to attack while you tear a strip off your shirt to stuff into your wound when you hear the shots starting and feel your horde reduce in number quickly. You look up to see the humans aren't all carrying bold action hunting rifles or pistols, several have assault rifles and they are tearing your horde apart with ease.
> You take them down fast before they kill too many of your shamblers
Your wound will have to wait, you sprint towards the men, watching them take down two more shamblers with easy shots spread between the chest and head. The stupid shamblers were just not fast enough to get in close. But you are fast, very fast. You close the distance and pass your last 4 shamblers as you leap at the front human with an automatic weapon, Your knees hits him in the chest and you send him flying backwards. You felt his ribs crack but can feel that he is still alive "Out of action for now though"  You think as you spin and punch another guard in the face, knocking him out cold.


Then you feel the impacts in your back and stagger forwards. You turn slowly as your lungs fill with blood to see on of the men calmly pointing his rifle your way "Hey this one is a lot tougher than the normal ones at least!" He calls to his comrades as he pulls the trigger again and three more bullets tear into you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You spend the rest of the day checking out all of the defenses as subtly as possible and being nice to all the humans as they taunted you with their flesh and minds, just waiting to be eaten, but you hold the urges off for now. You cannot act prematurely and let the hunger control you, that will just get you killed.


You force yourself to stomach the horrendous food they give you and finally retire to your own house for the night and count the hour passed as you watch the moon. at midnight you sense the guards change over and watch the new ones settle in and get relaxed, leaving them long enough to get nice and sleepy before acting.


But the ones at the gate keep moving, they clearly are not sleepy and might be a small problem tonight.
> You wait one more day, it wont hurt to be cautious now
With the guards at the gate still active it is too risky, they could raise the alarm and ruin everything before your plan every really gets underway.


You sleep for  a few hours and wake with the dawn, heading down to the kitchen you find a couple of the guards there. You are immediately on alert but one smiles at you and waves you to a seat "So we decided you'll be joining the guards!" seems best suited for you if you survived this long out there along you'll know something about killing infected right?"


You relax a little and nod your consent as he continues "We came to get you but then felt bad for waking you before dawn since you aren't a guard YET. so we let you sleep, but come on Boring has asked us to show you a few things." The guards all get up and head for the door and you follow, you notice they are all carrying their guns but think nothing of it, it is their job.


They take you right to the bunker and lead you inside "So this is the bunker, our last line of defense. Our main job is not so much to hold off the attackers at the walls, but to delay them until everyone gets in here safely then we can simply wait it out!" You smile back and pretend to look around interested as you walk inside.


"Yeh I met someone in here the other day and he told me about it..." you begin as you turn to see the guards backing out of the door and locking you in as he says "And we can also use it as a prison for those we suspect, since there is no way out without a key." You rush the door but it locks in place before you can do anything.
> You prisoner in the bunker
Your hunger pushes you to rage against the door, and you are about to give in before you calm yourself and step back. You try to call to them to profess your innocence for whatever they suspect but it seems like the door blocks the noise out too so you wander over to a fold-out chair and take a seat. It is several hours before you hear the door moving again. You jump to your feet but as it opens you see at least 6 men with guns pointed at you on the other side, no way you could get out the door before they shot you.


You see Boring stepping out from where he was obviously opening the door and move up to the entryway but not inside. You note that he never blocks too many of the gunmen from your view though, probably to make sure you still feel intimidated when he speaks "That wont work on me though, I am better in every way then him, I could easily crush his skull with one hand. But I will play along for now, then enjoy slaughtering everyone he cares about the second I get free."


He finally begins talking to you as you sit down again on your little folding chair "Well I am sorry to have to do this since several of our little community seem taken with you but things are looking suspicious right now and you wouldn't be the first raider to try and get our guard down this way."


You think carefully before replying "Oh come on, I have behaved perfectly, I was even sent here by Cara and Chris!" You see the man smiling in response "Yes you joked around the fire about saving her life and spending time chatting with them, but now they are two days overdue on their return. I sent out a couple of our fastest men yesterday to find out what happened to them. It might be a freak accident or problem, or they might just turn up late but we must be careful and until we know the truth you will be living here."


You try and protest but he backs out and closes the door again.
> You judgement day
You have two more nights in the Bunker and open a couple of cans of meat to eat while you are there "Can't blame me for eating if they were the ones to lock me in here" You think, but the canned food taste horrible to you and barely does anything for the hunger, if it wasn't slightly better than nothing you wouldn't even bother.


Finally the door opens again and once more you see boring and the men with guns outside. This time though there are a few more of them. "Come on out now, there are people wanting to chat with you to work out the truth." You are confused at first but this is better than expected, maybe they didn't find the remains or thought that infected got them, there were two mutant carcass near the silo after all.


They look nervous though so you will have to be careful "Of course" you reply "I can clear my name that way and get back to helping out here". Boring simply nods in response and starts walking away, several of the men follow him off to the side, leaving only a few near the entrance and they stop actively pointing guns at you.


You walk up happily "I can play on their doubts, play the sadness card, pretend I am broken up about my new friends deaths bla bla. They will trust me again in no time, then I can tear them apart and feast tonight!" You think as you reach the doorway and notice that boring and the other guards had simply looped around as soon as they were out of sight and were now just a few metres away with all their guns pointed right at you.


"Heralds must die, that is the first commandment for survivors!" Boring shouts as the others all open fire. You go down in the hail of bullets "Ah, they must have worked it out from the bodies then" you think<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake after just a few hours sleep like you used too, hunger eating at your belly and pressing on the back of your mind. You are going to have to make your plans soon or you might snap and just outright attack someone.Then you pause "I'm not normally this bloodthirsty, I used to be able to control my urges much better. Guess this is what happens when I feast, luckily I know I can hold it at bay for a few days if I need too"


You roll over in your bed and send out your senses again before finally heading over to the window to check the time "The moon says it's around 3 or 4 am and there are definitely guards still on the walkway but they are not moving at all. Probably sleep right now if not fully asleep from how lax they were when I approached.


You head downstairs and peak out all of the windows, sure enough you see little to no movement anywhere in the compound. You cannot see the gate from your new house but if the two guards there are anything like the others then they will be fast asleep too.


You think things through again "The scavengers are due back tomorrow I'd guess, I could play it out for one extra day if I say they had an extra large amount of food but people will get suspicious quickly. My other option is making my move now, I have the shamblers outside and ready to invade the second I kill a few guards and let them in."
> You head right for the gate and get it open for your shamblers
Getting the gate open is the first priority, you will need your shamblers running distraction and killing the slow humans while you pick off the ones with the automatic weapons.


You slip out in the moonlight and move silently between the houses. Your night-vision is as excellent as ever and the clouded night is revealed to you just as clearly as the daytime would be for a human. You keep checking on the guards and others in the community but everyone is in the beds on the second floor of the houses and most of the guards are not moving. "Probably asleep in their chairs" you think as you finally get in a clear view of the gate.


The two guards at the gate are clearly still awake. They are standing, one on each side, chatting across the gap. They aren't any more use as guards than the others since they are not facing the road or fields at all but they are facing each other which is bad for you. You judge the gap between the walkway edges at 10 feet. You can easily make the jump but you will need to time everything perfectly. They also have torches lit beside them so they are lit up completly while making themselves night-blind to anything else.
> You slip close quietly, they will be night blind so you can completly surprise one then leap for the other
You will have to rely on speed and surprise, you can't think of any reason the guards would let you close to them in the middle of the night. especially at the front gate.


You edge to the left first and manage to get within a few feet of the walkway before reaching the edge of the weak torchlight "Any further and I can be seen. Going to time this perfectly, you give them a few moments more before seeing the guard opposite stretching and looking away. 


You vault yourself onto the walkway behind one of the guards. He saw you coming at the last second and tries to raise his gun but you are faster and a punch to the throat sends him stumbling over the wall, only to get impaled on a spike before he can fully fall. the haze of his mind already gone by the time he hits the spike. You run and leap at the second guard, but this one has had more time and you see her with rifle ready. She takes the shot as you leap and you feel the impact in your side. You are certain she just got you cleanly in the kidney as you land and start punching her, not giving her time to work the bolt action for another shot.


She shot you though and the hunger fills your mind with anger as you punch her repeatedly in revenge, even though she was dead after the second hit. The shouts of humans running brings you back from your rage and you can sense the minds of several humans headed your way. You leap down and wrench the wooden bar off the gate, swinging it open.


"Time for vengeance!" you think as you order your horde inside and lean up against the wall for a moment to stop your own bleeding. You will easily survive this, but it is still not trivial, you will need a few moments to bind it before you move.


You simply order your horde to attack while you tear a strip off your shirt to stuff into your wound when you hear the shots starting and feel your horde reduce in number quickly. You look up to see the humans aren't all carrying bold action hunting rifles or pistols, several have assault rifles and they are tearing your shambler horde apart with ease, the mutants are doing damage in return though and each has already downed a human.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Getting the gate open is the first priority, you will need your shamblers running distraction and killing the slow humans while you pick off the ones with the automatic weapons.


You slip out in the moonlight and move silently between the houses. Your night-vision is as excellent as ever and the clouded night is revealed to you just as clearly as the daytime would be for a human. You keep checking on the guards and others in the community but everyone is in the beds on the second floor of the houses and most of the guards are not moving. "Probably asleep in their chairs" you think as you finally get in a clear view of the gate.


The two guards at the gate are clearly still awake. They are standing, one on each side, chatting across the gap. They aren't any more use as guards than the others since they are not facing the road or fields at all but they are facing each other which is bad for you. You judge the gap between the walkway edges at 10 feet. You can easily make the jump but you will need to time everything perfectly. They also have torches lit beside them so they are lit up completly while making themselves night-blind to anything else.
> You try to get close with talking, then when they relax, strike fast
They are facing each other and chatting across the gap. You might be ridiculously fast but you are nearly certain that you couldn't kill one, make the jump and silence the other before they get out a shout, or worse a bullet. The second the alarm goes up you know your plans will be ruined so you need to get closer by other means. 


It takes a few minutes but eventually you notice something that you normally wouldn't have. You realize that the guard to the right is female. You haven't looked at humans as specifically male and female in years, since you started eating them at least. "This place is really affecting my brain, although this information I can use, she was one of the ones hanging around a lot when I first arrived and making comments about my looks".


You stand up then begin walking forward, making a little more noise than necessary just to be safe. You get a few feet when you see the guards turn quickly to look your way "a little more alert then" You think as you continue forward a few steps "Who is it?" gets called your way as you reach the edge of the torchlight. You step fully into it so you can be seen before replying "Just me, I can never sleep around this time so I was just walking around" you bank on them being a little suspicious of this excuse and it works perfectly. The woman calls out "And you just happened to end up at the gate?"


You pause and pretend to be embarrassed before replying "Well, actually I ended up at the South wall and chatted to one of the guards there for a bit and when I asked about you, he said you were on the gate duty tonight..." You trail off and it takes a few seconds but the male guard catches onto your hint and lets out a chuckle, that gives the game away to the girl and she immediately blushes, you can see her reactions as clear as day with your heightened senses but she does not know that and tries to hide it by putting up a front "No matter, all you need to do is let my up on the walkway and you wont ever have to act again" You think as she replies "Well he was right, I am on duty now. So why were you asking about me?" You smile this time"Well you made quite the first impression on me when I arrived and I was planning on, you know, trying to get to know you a bit better over the next few weeks, when I heard you were awake now too I just kinda headed this way". The girls blush deepens and you can see the other guard laughing his head off as she responds "Well I am on duty now and can't leave my post!" You know you have her now though and push one last time "Oh, I wouldn't expect you too but having another set of eyes up there while we chat wouldn't hurt would it?" You give your biggest smile and she finally gives in and smiles back "Ok hop up and you can try and chat me up then!"


You grin as you jog forward and try to act like pulling yourself up onto the platform is at least a little tricky, finally leaning against the arch of the gate beside her "She let me stand between her and the gate, idiot!" You think as you glance at the male guard who is now making a point of looking the other way. You turn back as the girl speaks "Well I'm waiting, I thought you were going to chat me up?" she says with a cheeky grin.


The timing was perfect so you struck. You step a little closer and open your mouth as if to speak but as she looks at your face your fist moves unbelievably fast and hits her cleanly in the throat, crushing her windpipe, she wont be able to should for help or do anything at all as she quickly suffocates. You spin and leap the gap. The other guard barely even registers what is happening as your punch knocks him cold. You quickly snap his neck then stop and listen to see if your attack alerted anyone but the only sound you hear is the soft strangled noise of the girl dying and after a few moments that ends too.


You smile to yourself as you force your hunger back down "Can't feed yet, I have to keep it in check until the battle is over" you mumble as you gently hop down and lift the bar off the gate. You gently swing one side open just enough to let the shamblers in and control them all directly again, making them move quickly until they are gathered right across the road, then slipping over and into the compound.
> You clearing the guards out before the rampage
"Time to play my little pets" You tell them as you direct them carefully between the buildings, spreading them out so that they can cause the greatest havoc possible. even if they die, they should bite enough to make more infected and those can rampage too. You hop back up on the walkway and start creeping South until you find the first torch and guard asleep at his chair. You take two quick steps and grab him with one hand on his throat and the other over his mouth. Just a gentle squeeze crushes his windpipe and you hold him until he stops struggling, dropping him back into his chair after "There, you are just as much use sitting there dead as you were alive!" You chuckle as you keep moving and turn the corner, heading wet now until you see the next light and the next guard asleep, or close to, in his chair. You smile at just how lax the guards had become as you do exactly the same as before and have the man by the throat before he even knows what is happening.


You feel his windpipe pop and keep holding him as he kicks, imagining how good it was going to be to eat all the dead soon when his foot kicks out and hits his chair and you watch helpless as if, and his gun, tumble over the side with a small crash. You swear to yourself, you can't let yourself daydream in the middle of killing someone!


You hear the expected call from further along the wall and know the gig is up for now. If you hide, the body will be found and the alarm goes up, if the kill the next guy, the others who heard the call will raise the alarm when he vanishes too "Well, half of the guards will be down at least" You think as you sneak forward into the darkest area near you and wait.


The guard comes jogging your way calling out "What did you fall asleep and tip your chair over again?" You immediately stand and hit him as hard as you can. You catch him cleanly in the jaw and see his head snapping round instantly, accompanied by a snapping sound. You sense his life vanish instantly and realize your punch must have snapped his neck "I am getting stronger, never used to be able to do that before" You think as you keep moving forward seeking the next guard.


 
> The raised alarm call
You hear the shout going up load and clear "Everyone evacuate, infected in the compound, the gate wa opened!" Then you hear a loud horn going off and every human mind in the compound begins to move "Their guards are lax but they know how to evacuate at least" You start running openly now, no point hiding out if the alarm is already raised.


The next guard sees you coming but realizes you are not a comrade far too late to save himself and he joins the dead. You sense the humans reaching their doors and then the screaming starts. Your dozen shamblers were all placed perfectly to cause the most chaos and you instantly sense several biting and feeding on human flesh. You think about making them rampage but they are slow and they are doing their job so you just leave them to attack and feed as their instincts direct. You feel one getting beaten off and killed, but then you sense a human mind change as you watch it.


You see something like rot spread over it, the glow fading, it seems to fight back but they rot tears away at it until it shatters, leaving a weak rotted husk where there was a vibrant mind moments before "And so it spreads" you say aloud as the new shambler lumbers after what must have been it's family moments before.


You reach one more guard as the gunshots begin and two more shamblers die. This guard is ready for you though with his gun raised toward the compound to shoot the first infected that comes near. You are that first infected and he spins towards you as you rush him, he realizes in time that you are an enemy but you are too close and his shot skims past you, just grazing your side "Claw has spotted some, Centre West wall!" You hear from not far away. The dead guards reinforcements are headed right for you. You sense three below running your way and another along the walkway.


You pull at the nearest shambler and have it go after the three below but they instantly shoot it down and keep coming, the one on the walkway is getting closer too and you only have moments before they see you.
> You into the bunker! It should be close enough!
You immediately slip over the edge and land lightly on the grass below, you only have a few seconds but you were right, the bunkers is close, so you sprint towards it and slip into the already open door. You are the first one here but you can sense more headed your way already. You quickly hunch up against a wall pretending to look worried and wait. The call from the guards goes up as they find the bodies and you can sense them moving outward in arcs, searching the area but they don't come your way yet.


You are going to need more survivors in here incase they come your way. You quickly locate your shamblers and find one blocking some humans so make it move as if it has a new target to the side and you sense the humans surge past and toward you. The guards locate another and it vanishes amidst the gunfire. You can feel the difference now between the human minds, some are clearly fleeing, headed your way, wavering and moving in sprints while others are methodically sweeping the area, these must be the guards. You do your best to have your last shamblers ambush the guards but you only catch one before the last of your horde are wiped out.


Then the humans arrive, they flood inside lead by a guard who doesn't even look your way and the other humans don't either. They are just too panicked and desperate to get inside. You smile to yourself, a few more and no-one will remember where you were, they will just think you came in with the others from the houses.


You watch as more and more pile inside, filially followed by a few guards and the door swings partly shut, manned by two guards. You can sense others outside, more guards, holding the area around incase of more survivors or threats but you know there are none of either, the humans are all here and the infected are all dead. You do a quick head-count and see at least twenty inside, your shamblers did good work with the ambushes.


Time to fit in, You quickly see a a group of the humans that you met the day before and head over there trying your best to look scared "What's going on? we were just directed here but there were infected everywhere!" They don't even look suspicious for a moment as they reply "The gate got breached and they got inside. We have as little idea what's going on as you do."


You simply nod in response and stay close, they are now your alibi and you will look less suspicious in a group. "This is going perfectly, half of their guards are dead and all the humans are trapped in here with me! 
> You surviving in the bunker
You stay with the group, occasionally chatting, sometimes watching others come over to trade stories but generally just trying to fit in and look appropriately worried. If you are going to make your plan work you need the humans to trust you for just a little bit longer. Finally you sense that the humans left outside have swept the area clear and they all enter the bunker, staying in a group near the entrance. You sense the last three outside heading at speed towards the gate.


"Ok, the compound is clear now and we are shutting the gates. We do not yet know how they got inside but once the gate team returns they can tell us more. For now you know the drill. Everyone check your neighbors for bites." You hear some mumbled swearing, it seems that they all had forgotten part of the procedure in the panic and now everyone starts rolling up their sleeves of taking their shirts off. You of course join in and pretend to look a couple of others over before giving them the all clear and they return the favor. A few people start calling out "All clear here" and you call it out for the people near you. "Not a single bite in the room, too bad, could have used a shambler or fast type turning in here".


Finally things begin settling down and the guards return from the front gate, giving their report to the other guards, they speak softly but you know the survivors nearest them can hear and your hearing is advanced enough to pick it up too "Gate was definitely opened from the inside, bar taken out and pulled open, inside job. Looks like other guards on the walkways were killed too, probably before the gate was opened."


The guards keep conversing for a time and finally call out to the whole bunker "The immediate threat is gone, but we are going into lockdown. This was no accident, the infected were let into the compound by design." You hear worried mumbling breaking out but as the door seals shut and is locked you can feel the entire bunker relaxing slightly "They must have fended off attacks in here before then" You think as you suddenly realize that several of the guards and a few other humans are staring right at you. "Well of course they suspect me now, gonna have to act fast."
> You pretend to want to prove your innocence to the guards, then strike fast and kill the armed ones, you must act before they do
You stand up slowly and see several more set of eyes latch onto you so you begin your act right away "Look, I know I am the most likely suspect here since I just arrived so I am going to go talk to the guards to prove my innocence." You make sure to keep your voice calm but loud enough for the entire bunker to hear and see many of your watchers stop staring. You then begin to head over to the guards who watch you coming, they don't actively point weapons at you but they are clearly keeping them close to hand.


"We heard your little speech there and you are right. You are the main suspect, so how do you plan to prove yourself?" One of them says. You notice than Boring isn't here and realize he must be one of the dead, you smile inside while you speak "Well I don't know but but letting infected inside would be suicide for me so it doesn't make sense. How would I get the gate open with the guards watching me then get away as the infected attacked, in fact, how could I even have made them attack? They are just lumbering relics that hang around where they died until disturbed."


The guards clearly don't seem convinced "We have been attacked before, in fact a few years ago the raiders were strong in this area, they used to capture or lead infected right up to the gates of communities like ours then kill some guards and let the infected in to do the dirty work for them. I think you are one of them." A couple of the other guards nod but some don't seem so sure so you know the idea can't be watertight yet "And at least they don't suspect I am a harbinger" You think as you plan your next response, you already pretended to not know the guards were killed so best to keep with that.


"So you think that the raiders, who were wiped out years ago, suddenly recovered and sent me in here to open the gate and let infected attack me? why on earth would I do that? If they were willing to sacrifice me why wouldn't I just join you instead. You held off the strongest raiders groups in the past so why would I risk ym own death for some weak remnant?" You pause as if thinking "And how would I even do it, I mean you have guards all around the walkways and at the gate and they all have guns, you' think they might just notice a guy removing the bar and opening the gate?"


You can see from their faces that your points are sinking in and they are relaxing, a couple let their guns slide down to less threatening positions. You smile slowly, then strike. You lunge forward and punch one guard, immediately grabbing another in your other hand and throwing him back into a third. you spin and lash out at one behind you, grabbing his gun as he falls unconscious and fire it point-blank into the chest of the next one you see "Too easy" You think as you use the gun like a bat to smash a guard round the head, feeling her mind blink out instantly as she dies "They can barely comprehend what is happening before they die". 


You leap towards the ones you knocked over and two swift blows kill them too and you finally turn to the gathered humans who are rushing away from you as much as the space allows in fear. "Future meals! hear me, I am in charge now! You can recognize me as a herald or harbinger, whichever term you choose to use for me, but you can also see that you don't stand a chance against me." You wave to the group of dead or unconscious guards behind you "All your guards are now dead and I will feast on their flesh, all you have to do is cower and wait to be eaten."
> You to feast or to kill? You have all the time in the world to decide
You grin to yourself "Look at them, prey is the right work for them, cowering in fear from me as it should be. They can live in fear while I slowly eat them all one by one. I can even take the kaycards for the door an leave them locked in here with shamblers as guards!"


You are considering your next announcement when you hear the boom, amplified by the small space and metal walls and feel the impact on your back. You see a spurt of red leaving your chest and something hits a bag of wheat on a shelf in front of you. Glancing down you see blood pouring out of your chest.


You spin around as you fight off the weakness you are feeling and are just in time to hear the click-click of a bolt action being worked to reload a rifle. You see one of the guards still lying slumped against the wall where your punch had sent him flying "Too bad you didn't knock me out then isn't is harbinger!" He shouts at you.


One bullet wound wont kill you, you just need to get outside and lock the door while you recover, you know you can survive it, only one lung was punctured and your healing is more accelerated than ever now. You leap at the guard but you ar too late as just as you land his second shot tears through your chest leaving a second gaping hole and you can feel both lungs rapidly filling with blood. You try and swing for him but you are too weak and simply slump to the side. you watch your prey running forward to help the wounded and see them just ignoring you as everything just fades away.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You stay with the group, occasionally chatting, sometimes watching others come over to trade stories but generally just trying to fit in and look appropriately worried. If you are going to make your plan work you need the humans to trust you for just a little bit longer. Finally you sense that the humans left outside have swept the area clear and they all enter the bunker, staying in a group near the entrance. You sense the last three outside heading at speed towards the gate.


"Ok, the compound is clear now and we are shutting the gates. We do not yet know how they got inside but once the gate team returns they can tell us more. For now you know the drill. Everyone check your neighbors for bites." You hear some mumbled swearing, it seems that they all had forgotten part of the procedure in the panic and now everyone starts rolling up their sleeves of taking their shirts off. You of course join in and pretend to look a couple of others over before giving them the all clear and they return the favor. A few people start calling out "All clear here" and you call it out for the people near you. "Not a single bite in the room, too bad, could have used a shambler or fast type turning in here".


Finally things begin settling down and the guards return from the front gate, giving their report to the other guards, they speak softly but you know the survivors nearest them can hear and your hearing is advanced enough to pick it up too "Gate was definitely opened from the inside, bar taken out and pulled open, inside job. Looks like other guards on the walkways were killed too, probably before the gate was opened."


The guards keep conversing for a time and finally call out to the whole bunker "The immediate threat is gone, but we are going into lockdown. This was no accident, the infected were let into the compound by design." You hear worried mumbling breaking out but as the door seals shut and is locked you can feel the entire bunker relaxing slightly "They must have fended off attacks in here before then" You think as you suddenly realize that several of the guards and a few other humans are staring right at you. "Well of course they suspect me now, gonna have to act fast."
> You hold off, you can't be sure of vitory in this confined space and with so many guns around, the panic would help but you couldn't be sure to kill all the guards before they shot you
You stand up slowly and see several more set of eyes latch onto you so you begin your act right away "Look, I know I am the most likely suspect here since I just arrived so I am going to go talk to the guards to prove my innocence." You make sure to keep your voice calm but loud enough for the entire bunker to hear and see many of your watchers stop staring. You then begin to head over to the guards who watch you coming, they don't actively point weapons at you but they are clearly keeping them close to hand.


"We heard your little speech there and you are right. You are the main suspect, so how do you plan to prove yourself?" One of them says. You notice than Boring isn't here and realize he must be one of the dead, you smile inside while you speak "Well I don't know but but letting infected inside would be suicide for me so it doesn't make sense. How would I get the gate open with the guards watching me then get away as the infected attacked, in fact, how could I even have made them attack? They are just lumbering relics that hang around where they died until disturbed."


The guards clearly don't seem convinced "We have been attacked before, in fact a few years ago the raiders were strong in this area, they used to capture or lead infected right up to the gates of communities like ours then kill some guards and let the infected in to do the dirty work for them. I think you are one of them." A couple of the other guards nod but some don't seem so sure so you know the idea can't be watertight yet "And at least they don't suspect I am a harbinger" You think as you plan your next response, you already pretended to not know the guards were killed so best to keep with that.


"So you think that the raiders, who were wiped out years ago, suddenly recovered and sent me in here to open the gate and let infected attack me? why on earth would I do that? If they were willing to sacrifice me why wouldn't I just join you instead. You held off the strongest raiders groups in the past so why would I risk ym own death for some weak remnant?" You pause as if thinking "And how would I even do it, I mean you have guards all around the walkways and at the gate and they all have guns, you' think they might just notice a guy removing the bar and opening the gate?"


You can see from their faces that your points are sinking in, it's lucky they thought you were a raider and not a harbinger as since you aren't a raider it is easier to convince them. One finally responds "We aren't saying the allegations are air tight but you arrived then after over a year of no infected sightings from the walkway, we are over-run within days." You pause, pushing further might be good or bad so you play it cautiously "That I can accept, as I said, I know I am the likely one but hopefully I can be proven innocent soon." One of the guards who had been silent up until now speaks up.


"He might be guilty of letting them in for some other reason but he isn't with the raiders." The others look at him as he continues "The raiders always did the exact same thing, they killed some guards by surprise, opened the gates to let the infected they captured or lead here inside then ran. They were cowards who never faced a real fight and though only of themselves, one of them would never risk sacrificing himself by staying in the compound before and after the attack. Even if the attack worked and he out-ran the infected at the gate, he would know he would be the main suspect. He also would have a hard time killing the armed guards alone, so if it was him, he had help from other raiders meaning there was no need for him to stay, he would have just run off instead." 


The others pause and think about it for a time "Then since we have nothing better we go with that. If a raider squad miraculously turns up in the next two days as they always did after an attack, you are probably innocent. if they don't, then we shoot you and be done with it." You simply nod in response and head back to your seat "Time to make a raider squad appear from no-where" You think as your group nods at your return.
> You planning a raider attack
You settle back into your seat with one thing on your mind "How do I made a raider attack materialize in under two days? Every human I've met agrees that the raiding groups were all wiped out by the military or the infected years ago" Then it occurs to you that you don't actually need to make a raider attack happen, you just need to make it SEEM like one happens, and for that you need more information. You turn to those nearest you and begin fishing for clues "What were the raiders like, we never suffered from the the same way in the city?" A couple avoid your eyes but once the first ones begin describing their experiences others readily join in and a full on little debate about them begins.


It goes on for nearly an hour before slowly dying out as people begin getting rations for breakfast and you pretend to enjoy a small can of meat with one of the others. You slowly work through all the stories to filter out the important information.


The raiders always came from the North, avoiding the city and heavily populated areas. They used vehicles and had guns but still fought like cowards, killing a few guards then loosing infected that has taunted and made to follow them on the inhabitants of small communities. They would retreat right away so they were not forced to fight and were in no danger from the infected, returning the next day or day after to clear out the last of the infected and humans and steal all they could. They had also raided here a couple of times, killing guards and opening the gate before fleeing, but they always returned to find the inhabitants and food safely locked up, or back manning the walls so they would give up and leave after firing off guns for fun and breaking a few things.


"So all that needs to happen is a lot of noise and some guns going off, and that I can do." Having worked out your plan, you relax back into a corner an pretend to be trying to get to sleep like many of the others. Once you are sure you wont be disturbed you send out your senses carefully, pushing near your limits but not forcing it, you don't want a nose-bleed now. You finally find a few scattered shamblers right at you limit and quickly grab their minds, sending the order to walk towards you before dropping the control again "That should do it for now" You think as the headache begins at the back of your mind, grabbing them at such range wasn't easy, you'll have to hope enough follow the order and get closer soon.


 
> The Raiders arrival
You actually let yourself rest for a few hours and nap for a short time before sending out your senses again and finding that you were successful. There are 5 shamblers now in easy range of your abilities so you quickly grab them and direct them to the community. Some of the humans are stirring again but you know most are avoiding you for now so you should have a little more time to relax and watch your shamblers approach.


In the end it takes another hour for them to arrive and you finally get to direct them in the gate. They are in bad shape, nearer dead than alive so you direct them to feast on some of the bodies and leave them to it for a couple more hours while you exchange pleasantries with some of the humans. It seems that since you went and chatted to the guards and haven't been shot yet that some of them think that must mean you are innocent, enough to talk to you at least and that's fine, you only need the cover for a short time more.


Once everyone quietens down again you once more retreat to your corner and pretend to nap while you check on your little hordes progress. They have been feeding and their bellies are full, you can sense the new energy in their bodies and know it is time to get to work, you want everything ready for evening.


You have them stop feeding for now and carefully direct each one individually, having them find and gather guns. You fail at first, not knowing how to make them find something you cannot see but you can follow their senses to where you know the guards died and once there you have them sweep their arms around and feel whatever they find.


It takes time and it is extremely difficult work for you, the fine control of their bodies, reading their senses and trying to locate things all at the same time takes it's toll and you headache is horrendous but you eventually get every shamblers holding a gun of some sort.You leave the order for them to hold on to their guns no matter what and release control, allowing your mind you relax as you try to wipe away a massive nosebleed.


You glance around and see the guards are spread out with the other humans and many ar giving you suspicious looks "Good thing my plan is coming together" You think as you pretend to enjoy a late lunch with people and relax for the evening, you need to time this correctly.


Three hours before sunset you think your headache has gone down enough to act so you move the shamblers closer to the bunker and begin trying to make one fire it's gun, this takes nearly twenty minutes to work out but finally you hear a muffled boom. Everyone looks instantly to the door and a guard makes sure it is locked, no-one says anything though and keeps quiet, waiting to see what comes next.


You realize that the shambler dropped the gun when if fired and you don't have time to have it work out how to pick it up so you direct it to band on the door while starting to directly control a second one. This one you make hold the gun back against it's body and point the barrel at the bunker. You take much less time with this one and you hear the repeated cracking noises of a semi-automatic gun firing and at least a couple of the bullets ping off the outside of the shelter just as the first one reaches the door and slams it's arm into it.


"The raiders are back!" one of the humans calls out in a panic and several others agree instantly, expressing the same concerns. Debate springs up with some saying they are wiped out while others say this must be a new group of them, either way they are all agreeing someone is outside with guns.


You stop the one banging the door and have two more fire their guns off into the air before sending all of them to smash up a few breakables like the machine shop and its generator, keeping only the last one with a gun. You give it nearly half an hour before having this one fire it's gun too then have the shamblers leave. Directing them as far from the community as possible before loosing control over them
> You acceptance and new trust
The guards don't do much more than calm people down for the next few hours, re-assuring them about the bunker and how strong it is before finally one stands up and makes an announcement. "It seems like the raiders have returned. We don't know how or why, it is possible it is a new small group emulating their tactics after running out of supplies. We just know they are here. What happened over night was that several guards were killed, the gates opened and infected released inside. If they keep to their old playbook, it means that by now they are gone and all the infected are dead. We will wait in here one more night then go check on things" He sits back down as people begin talking about all the possibilities this brings up and you notice a massive drop in meaningful looks your direction.


You smile to yourself "Off the hook for now then!" You think and people eat dinner then find a spot to sleep. You wait up a short time but your headache is throbbing so you finally lie down and join the sleeping humans. You even sleep right through the night and have to be woken in the morning by people moving around near you.


Once you sit up, you get involved int he discussion about what the new raider threat means but add little to the conversation as you are mostly just trying to gage how quickly the doors open and you can get back to eating these walking ready meals.


It isn't long before three guards head out and return with the news that guns were indeed fired around the compound and that the machine shop and a few of the houses were smashed up a little  along with the generator but that little was taken, the general consensus rests with people deciding that it must have been another small community copying raider tactics to get more supplies.


You smile to yourself once more "time for part B" You think as several people apologize for doubting you and the guards stop watching you.
> You part B of the plan
You watch the guards for a time, there are 7 of them and each is armed now however if you split them up, you can easily kill them all so you bide your time until a second team is sent out to investigate the surrounding area for danger. Three guards head out leaving 4 inside and you know it is the perfect chance.


You wander slowly closer, seeing the door just ajar and the kaycard for it round one of the guards necks "So, about trying to prove my innocence here?" You begin as your excuse for walking closer and closer. Once of the guards replies for them all "We will still keep an eye on you but it does look more like a case of bad timing on your part now. Just don't do anything suspicious ok?" He gives you a little grin to signal that it's ok really but it freezes on his face as your fist crushes his windpipe. The others try and grab their guns but they are too late as you lash our at them, knocking them into the walls as you kill them.


It is over is seconds and the four remaining guards lie dead at your feet. One of the humans rushes at you but you simply move too fast for him to stand a chance as you grab him by the skull with one hand and begin squeezing, forcing him to his knees in pain "I am a Harbinger, a Herald of the apocalypse! If you don't know what that means, it means that I am your new God, you can all cower in here while I feast on your dead, if your behave and cower like good prey should, many of you will survive, defy my and this is the result." You squeeze hard and feel the mans skull shatter, brain and blood squirts out as you drop his corpse in front of the others.


You grab the keycard, checking the others to make sure there isn't a copy left inside then head outside and lock the door "And thats my food supply secured!" You laugh  as you find the nearest body to feed on and clear the taste of the horrific human food from your mouth.


 
> The coming days
You know you are the Alpha predator now, humans are clearly just prey waiting to be eaten. You brought down an entire armed community with a security bunker no less and now you feast on their corpses. You powers are stronger than ever and you can keep pushing them further and further.


Yes, this is right, there is a food chain and simply you are on top. other harbingers might rank second but you are first and the lowly humans are nothing but future meals. You suddenly feel your mind changing, everything becomes clearer, crystallized almost, your vision sharper and your mind more directed. It is as if a filter had been removed from your mind and you can see everything properly for the first time.


Your rightful place in the world, your grandeur, it is all so simple really. You stretch out your senses, easily surpassing all of your previous limits and grab the minds of all the infected you locate, barely having to even think about it, every infected mind you touch, you crush instantly and control.


You sense the three ast humans returning though and laugh "Oh how late to the party, well, you will be my next meal then, I shall eat you while you are still alive so you are as fresh as possible!" Once they are in the compound you sprint right for them. They can't even reach as you move with supernatural speed, knocking each of them flying into walls meters away and killing all but one instantly "Maybe I over did it? Ah well, they are still fresh now!" You look at the last one, pitifully clinging to life before lashing out at its mind with your own. 


You can almost see your mental attack, great red flames lashing the mind again and again as it writhes in pain then dies "Ah I can finally affect the normal human minds too, excellent, I truly am a god fit to rule this world."


The next few weeks pass slowly and easily. You take humans from the bunker one by one and devour them until there isn't a single one left in the compound and you set your sights East "You are next oh great Eastern colony, you have enough prey to keep me going for years." You think as you rise and begin you journey
> You journey of death
You have reached the current Journey of Death ending. The second evil ending currently in the game.


Of course this ending gets expanded greatly soon, but I was literally writing these pages a few hours before the deadline so I couldn't get it further along.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You hear the shout going up load and clear "Everyone evacuate, infected in the compound, the gate wa opened!" Then you hear a loud horn going off and every human mind in the compound begins to move "Their guards are lax but they know how to evacuate at least" You start running openly now, no point hiding out if the alarm is already raised.


The next guard sees you coming but realizes you are not a comrade far too late to save himself and he joins the dead. You sense the humans reaching their doors and then the screaming starts. Your dozen shamblers were all placed perfectly to cause the most chaos and you instantly sense several biting and feeding on human flesh. You think about making them rampage but they are slow and they are doing their job so you just leave them to attack and feed as their instincts direct. You feel one getting beaten off and killed, but then you sense a human mind change as you watch it.


You see something like rot spread over it, the glow fading, it seems to fight back but they rot tears away at it until it shatters, leaving a weak rotted husk where there was a vibrant mind moments before "And so it spreads" you say aloud as the new shambler lumbers after what must have been it's family moments before.


You reach one more guard as the gunshots begin and two more shamblers die. This guard is ready for you though with his gun raised toward the compound to shoot the first infected that comes near. You are that first infected and he spins towards you as you rush him, he realizes in time that you are an enemy but you are too close and his shot skims past you, just grazing your side "Claw has spotted some, Centre West wall!" You hear from not far away. The dead guards reinforcements are headed right for you. You sense three below running your way and another along the walkway.


You pull at the nearest shambler and have it go after the three below but they instantly shoot it down and keep coming, the one on the walkway is getting closer too and you only have moments before they see you.
> You attack the guards on the ground, surprise them
You wait until the last second and leap out into the darkness, You can see the humans but know they wont see you clearly until it is too late. You crash into the first one as you land, knocking him to the ground as you punch another hard in the jaw, he doesn't die but you know he will be unconscious for a long time as you spin to the last guard. They fire at you but you are too quick and knock the rifle barrel to the side at the last second before grabbing their head and twisting until you feel their neck snap cleanly and they go limp.


You guard you knocked over cries out and tries to crawl away instead of shooting at you so you simply walk over and stamp on him until his mind vanishes too and you are left with one unconscious guard "Well if he isn't dead, his meat will keep better. I will save him for later."


You can sense the people and the panic now, over half of the shamblers have been killed but so have several humans and a couple even turned and attacked their friends and family before being killed. Then you realize that they are all headed your way "The bunker, they are trying to retreat there now, but I am between them and it, perfect!" You quickly scan for which minds will reach you first when you realize you were ignoring the guard on the walkway. You spin around just as they fire at you and the shot takes you right in the gut.


You stagger back "That wont kill me, but I will tear them apart for shooting me!" You think as you let out a roar of anger and let the hunger drive you after the shooter. You leap cleanly up onto the walkway, ignoring the pain and the blood flowing from your wound, to land right in front of them. You immediately start to swing at them but they didn't hesitate either and their next shot hits you cleanly in the chest moments before your punch connects.


You stagger forwards in an attempt to stay close to they as you realize your punch was weak and they are still conscious and only a little dazed. You take one more step and grab them as your lungs fill with blood and your heart begins beating erratically. You know you don't have the strength left to kill them yourself but you throw yourself forward onto them and are rewarded when you feet their body being pierced by the wall spikes behind them.


You let go and slide down to the walkway in a pool of blood, mixed from your own and the still human guards. "Funny, I can't tell it apart" You think as you fall into blackness<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You hear the shout going up load and clear "Everyone evacuate, infected in the compound, the gate wa opened!" Then you hear a loud horn going off and every human mind in the compound begins to move "Their guards are lax but they know how to evacuate at least" You start running openly now, no point hiding out if the alarm is already raised.


The next guard sees you coming but realizes you are not a comrade far too late to save himself and he joins the dead. You sense the humans reaching their doors and then the screaming starts. Your dozen shamblers were all placed perfectly to cause the most chaos and you instantly sense several biting and feeding on human flesh. You think about making them rampage but they are slow and they are doing their job so you just leave them to attack and feed as their instincts direct. You feel one getting beaten off and killed, but then you sense a human mind change as you watch it.


You see something like rot spread over it, the glow fading, it seems to fight back but they rot tears away at it until it shatters, leaving a weak rotted husk where there was a vibrant mind moments before "And so it spreads" you say aloud as the new shambler lumbers after what must have been it's family moments before.


You reach one more guard as the gunshots begin and two more shamblers die. This guard is ready for you though with his gun raised toward the compound to shoot the first infected that comes near. You are that first infected and he spins towards you as you rush him, he realizes in time that you are an enemy but you are too close and his shot skims past you, just grazing your side "Claw has spotted some, Centre West wall!" You hear from not far away. The dead guards reinforcements are headed right for you. You sense three below running your way and another along the walkway.


You pull at the nearest shambler and have it go after the three below but they instantly shoot it down and keep coming, the one on the walkway is getting closer too and you only have moments before they see you.
> You attack the guard on the wall and dodge the three below
You turn and sprint toward the mind coming your way and leap out of the darkness at him. His gun goes off too but again you are not hit as you snap his neck. You stand and begin to run when you hear the shot and feel the impact in your back. You stumble and look behind. The guards below should be too far to see you in the darkness but you realize you had jumped into torchlight when you killed the guard and lit up your actions for everyone to see. 


The next shot is followed by a burst from an automatic weapon and you die just as quickly as the guard you had punched.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slow your pace a little to match that of a normal human's walking and soon your keen eyes pick out a grey smudge below the thin trail of smoke. As you get closer the smudge resolves itself into a large grey wall topped with small spiked railings. The gated community.


You keep your pace slow, you aren't sure if a normal human could have noticed the smoke and walls yet so you play it safe and wait a few more minutes before obviously turning your attention to the wall. You have your shamblers take more care and move slowly closer on either side, you picked up a few more that morning so you have a dozen of them now, 6 on each side.


You look carefully as you approach. The walls are High, maybe 10 foot high and 12 with the railings, the spikes on the top were surely ornamental before but they have been sharpened now into points and you can see men with guns looking over the walls at various points. They are clearly the guards as they are holding guns however they are also clearly relaxed. they probably haven't had any real excitement since the raiders died out a few years back.


You look carefully at them and realize that none of them is actually reacting to you at all. you look around and realize that most of you is covered by farm hedges and gates so that unless they were being vigilant they wont notice you for a few minutes yet. You still have time to decide on your best plan of action.
> You slip off the road before you are noticed, you can easily climb the wall and attack in the night
You slow your pace a little to match that of a normal human to be less obvious and soon your keen eyes pick out a grey smudge below the thin trail of smoke. As you get closer the smudge resolves itself into a large grey wall topped with small spiked railings. The gated community.


You look carefully as you approach. The walls are High, maybe 10 foot high and 12 with the railings, the spikes on the top were surely ornamental before but they have been sharpened now into points and you can see men with guns looking over the walls at various points. They are clearly the guards as they are holding guns however they are also clearly relaxed. they probably haven't had any real excitement since the raiders died out a few years back.


You look carefully at them and realize that none of them is actually reacting to you at all. you look around and realize that most of you is covered by farm hedges and gates so that unless they were being vigilant they wont notice you for a few minutes yet. You still have time to decide on your best plan of action. You now have six shamblers on each side of the Road and two mutants hidden with you on the West


It is not long before you have moved right around to the rear of the little community and see that the walls appear exactly the same the entire way around and that there are guards on every wall. You'll have to wait for nightfall. You spend the next few hours carefully maneuvering your shamblers in closer to the community and snacking on meat strips. "Almost out of meat, seems the more I eat humans, the more the hunger grows. Ah well, a feast is coming soon enough." You begin salivating at the though of eating all the humans in the community in front of you. Your senses tell you that there could be as many as 40 in there. 


You will have to improve you abilities to number humans at a distance but for now the numbers match your expectations and you settle in to wait.
> You moonlight attacks
You wait as midnight comes and goes and give the new guards on the walls a couple of hours to get comfortable and sleepy before you make your move. The moon is out in a beautiful crescent, looking every bit like a blade cutting down at the little community ahead of you. The light it provides is more than enough for you to see clearly but you know it isn't enough for the guards who have lit torches on the railings "They have lit themselves up like candles but the light will blind them to my approach!" You think to yourself gleefully as you move closer with the six shamblers near you.


You are within a few metres of the first guard when you realize the problem. You can get over the wall easily but the shamblers will never make it. You hiss at yourself for being so stupid and take a few minutes to send them all round to the ditches near the front gate. You will have to open it to get them inside to fight for you.


You move to a dark spot between the torches and leave your bat and pack against the wall before jumping up incase they banged against somthing and gave you away. You reach the railings easily and swing yourself over in one smooth movement, landing quietly on a wooden platform behind the walls "Smart, they built a little walkway all the way around for their guards" You think as you sneak back towards the guard you were near before. He had seemed extra sleepy earlier, and sure enough, you find him napping.


Two steps into the light from the small torch and you have and hand clamped over his mouth and the other around his throat, crushing his windpipe. It gives way with a pop and you finish him off by snapping his neck. The hunger surges up but you have to ignore it for now. You can feast once you have control of the entire compound.


You start sneaking along the walkway toward the next guard and once more find a sleepy man, relaxing in his chair in the torchlight, you smile to yourself, they had become too lax in the peaceful times after the raiders all died. You once more move in close and before the man even wakes up enough to react you have you hand over his mouth and throat. You clamp down, crushing his windpipe but as you feel it give way, you hear the thump of his heel hitting his chair. You quickly snap his neck but the damage is done and the chair tumbles off the edge and into the compound before you can stop it.


You swear to yourself and you hear the noise it makes but you know it wasn't really that loud, You almost think you got away with it when you hear the next guard calling out "Hey Kiel, you fall asleep again!" You quickly drop to the ground, the guard wont take long to get suspicious when their friend does not reply so you need to get the gates open fast.


You sprint between the houses, luckily finding most quiet and dark and come to the main gate. there are two guards here, one either side of the gateway and they are awake and chatting to each other. But you hear the shout going up. The guard has found the body. "Kiel is dead! we have intruders! help!" You swear and rush towards the gate, leaping up and vaulting yourself onto the walkway behind one of the guards. He saw you coming and tries to raise his gun but you are faster and a punch to the throat sends him stumbling over the wall, only to get impaled on a spike before he can fully fall. the haze of his mind already gone by the time he hits the spike. You run and leap at the second guard, but this one has had more time and you see her with rifle ready. She takes the shot as you leap and you feel the impact in your side. You are certain she just got you cleanly in the kidney as you land and start punching her, not giving her time to work the bolt action for another shot.


She shot you though and the hunger fills your mind with anger as you punch her repeatedly in revenge, even though she was dead after the second hit.. The shouts of humans running brings you back from your rage and you can sense the minds of several humans headed your way. You leap down and wrench the wooden bar off the gate, swinging it open.


"Time for vengeance!" you think as you order your horde inside and lean up against the wall for a moment to stop your own bleeding. You will easily survive this, but it is still not trivial, you will need a few moments to bind it before you move.


You simply order your horde to attack while you tear a strip off your shirt to stuff into your wound when you hear the shots starting and feel your horde reduce in number quickly. You look up to see the humans aren't all carrying bold action hunting rifles or pistols, several have assault rifles and they are tearing your horde apart with ease.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>There is no point blowing it by being pushy now


"Ah of course, that is a pretty smart precaution" You begin "But as to my future, you say that as if it involves options?"


Cara immediately replies with a smile "Well of course it does, we aren't keeping you prisoner or anything" she pauses "Anymore" She adds with a wink to which you grin. She then continues a little more seriously "Basically you can join us, or head on your way. I would much rather you came with us though" and you can definitely hear some hopefulness in her voice "Perfect, she completely trusts me, this will be easy now" You think you yourself, smiling all the while.


"Well I would love to join you all, it will be much better than being alone again after what happened." you carefully craft your voice to make sure they understand you are referring to the lost friends you spoke about before and you watch them both immediately react like proper normal humans, putting on their caring faces and trusting you more "Honestly this is too easy, they buy anything I tell them" You think as Cara takes you hand, leading you outside. "Well, you are with us now! She announces "And since you have joined us we can do a quick introduction before we head off to the compound!"


The guards chuckle and wink at the fact you are holding hands the moment you exit the hatch and Cara drops you hand, blushing, but berating the guards for being childish. They are now close together and distracted, but they said you were heading to the compound right now.
> You hold off, they can get you inside a compound full of humans, that is worth the wait.
Leaving them alive for a couple more days to get inside the compound is well worth it, you can eat them after that and once you have a proper plan. Time to keep getting in their good books.


You make the polite small-talk with the guards to introduce yourself and do your best to be as nice as possible. After a few minutes the guards indicate it is nearly time to move and Cara jumps and looks like she is about to leap back through the hatch "Oh, lost track of time, we have to set out soon if we want to make our safe point soon!".


You dodge ahead of her though and offer her your hand to climb back through. She raises an eyebrow and says "oohhh, being a gentleman today" before accepting it and climbing through while the guards chuckle to themselves. You climb through after her, thinking about how to keep in their good books.


Once inside you find her waiting and before you can react she kisses you on the cheek saying "You're very sweet" then spins and heads over to the food bags. You finally catch onto the situation "She is actually flirting with me!" It has been years since you even though about things like that but you are sure now that she is actually flirting with you, a harbinger.


"Well she doesn't know I'm a harbinger, and I did save her life" You look down at yourself "And thanks to being a harbinger I am actually a bit of an Adonis, I guess it makes sense."


Somewhat dazed by the revelation you start helping picking up the sacks to help carry them.
> You starting out for the compound
With you all carrying bags there isn't too much and you make sure you take two of the heavier ones so Cara gets a single light bag to carry, and you know she notices "Well the plan is to stick with them for now and be trusted so this is the easiest way" You think as you all begin walking.


The way is fairly simple as you had guessed, follow the road North for a couple of days and you will see the compound with big obvious walls and smoke above it from the fire pit "We used to be more cautious" Cara explains "But once the raiders were all wiped out it didn't matter so we can make as much smoke as we like!" You smile in response and begin trading stories with her. It seems life out here was very different from the city once the infection had taken hold. 


"It was all small communities here" She begins "Farmsteads and walled places like ours were the gathering points. There was so much food grown out here scavenging has never been a problem so people banded together. Sadly some of them for other reasons, The infected were bad at firsts, roving mobs of them dozens strong were seen coming out of the city or down other roads and they would simply overwhelm places without walls or defenses with their numbers. It didn't matter if you shot fifty of them if the last 5 got inside to bite everyone and turn them too." She pauses and seem close to tears when you realize she is speaking from experience.


"Crap what are you supposed to do now?" You desperately try and remember the proper way to act when courting but when you look at her again and the gentle haze of her mind you realize you are moving automatically and you put your arm around her. "Oh perfect, comfort, going to have to really remember what it was like caring about humans for this to work. It's not like hanging around with males just being gruff and defensive the whole time". 


Cara instantly smiles when she notices that you dropped a bag to hug her and with a quick wipe at her eyes she jokes with you "You are not supposed to drop fruit and vegetables on the ground you know?" You quickly take your arm away and pick the bag up again realizing that you hadn't even noticed dropping it, but you are thrown off again when she kisses you on the cheek again saying "Thankyou", then as chuckles break out behind you from the men she follows up with a shouted "Shut-up or I'll poison your food tonight!". You laugh aloud with her before she takes up her story again.


"Right, where was I. Well as you guessed that is what happened to my family. Our little community didn't have walls and we were over-run, maybe three of us escaped and ran all night. It was a long way East of here, we were separated by morning and I just kept going until a scavenging team found me living in an orchard alone and I joined 'Safe-Haven'. You immediately give her a look and raise an eye-brow, she sighs before going on "And yes it is a stupid and corny name but it fits ok? Anyway, that was some years ago, right after the city fell. After that the issue was the raiders. It seems that some communities decided that keeping trucks running and using guns to steal from others was better than scavenging. They probably killed more communities than the infected did, the burnt out places South of here were all their work if you saw those. They attacked the weak themselves but if a place was strong like ours they would kill guards in a surprise assault and open the gates just to release infected inside, then return the next day to see if everyone was dead."


"they sound like cowards, if you wish to fight then you can do it with your own strength" You say after a moment, Cara give you a strange look "You're a funny one you know, most people would say how terrible it was to attack other humans bla bla bla but you just called them weak for not doing it themselves." She cocks her head to the side as if observing you differently "You really are interesting!" She gives you a big grin then calls lunchtime.
> You walking talking and eating
The next couple of days pass with the same routine. You walk with Cara chatting and carrying the bag while the other three walk behind you with their own conversation. The going is slow, not because it is difficult but simply because Cara sets a slow pace and no-one else is in any more of a rush to get anywhere it seems so you enjoy the leisurely stroll through the countryside. 


Even the food is tasting good, generally normal human food taste terrible and makes you feel like you ate a lump of dirt but each time you stop and eat the food tastes better. The evening of the second night you accidently let speak your thoughts instead of just thinking them "I can't believe this tastes good!" you say as you bite into a bowl of stew Cara had just made. You hear an immediate hiss from the other men and turn to see Cara leaning in close to your face "oooohhhhHHH? surprised that it's good? Surprised that I can cook?"


Whether by luck or design, every hour you spent with Care let you remember more about what being a human was like so you know well enough just how much trouble you had somehow gotten into with your innocuous comment. "I can dig my way out or I can dig myself deeper into a whole, best not to dig myself deeper" You think. but You are not given an option as you immediately hear her saying "I'm waiting?". You panic a little "Crap it's not as if I even insulted her!" You finally try and explain seeing that you had no choice and she was beginning to brandish a knife at your throat.


"No, erm I meant that I haven't tasted anything like this in years, even before the infection. I generally hate eating cos everything tasted like crap in a tin but this was just so good I was surprised it was even possible." You grin weakly and consider having to defend yourself from the knife waving close to your own throat when Cara suddenly grins and sits back down to eat her own food "Good save, I give you that." She announces and the three other men clap in approval. You just keep eating until Chris pats you on the shoulder and whispers 'good luck' before walking away from the fire "I'm checking our safe zone is still secure, if I don't return in under ten minutes, you know the drill. One of the guards gets up and heads off with him.


You finally turn to Cara "Chris and you used to talk a lot but he has kept a little separate since I join up." She keeps eating as she replies "Oh, he isn't jealous, he has a partner back in the community so don't worry about that." She gives you a quick smile before going back to shoveling her food into her mouth "unexpected but I guess good, she though I was checking if she was available, this works out too". "Well that's good then" you say aloud and get another quick smile as the two return and let you know that the current safe zone is still in fact safe.


You are all lead to a very old looking square building with a tin roof and solid looking door "So yesterday it was the second floor of a barn, and today it's a shed, seems like we are going down in the world" You announce and get a couple of smiles as everyone heads inside. Care quickly grabs you arm and leans in close "Don't worry, if you get cold we can cuddle for warmth!" She announces a little too loudly before jumping away again and dropping her bag off in a corner.


You realize you are blushing, so do the two guards who once more chuckle as they secure the door "Stupid chuckle brothers, do you ever actually speak or just chuckle behind people all day long?" You announce, only to send them both into fits of proper laughter. You simply sigh and lie down. Cara does pick to lie close to you but still far enough away to make the message of 'Don't try anything' clear enough. She also makes sure you get the message by telling you "Don't try anything" loud enough for everyone to hear resulting in howls of  laughter again.
> You morning arrival at Safe-Haven
You are awake well before dawn again and check the surroundings for infected but only find a couple of them nearby, both alone and near death anyway. You send them away and realize just how easy it was to do "Seems like my abilities are developing even without use or human flesh." You think to yourself while the others slowly wake up and join you for a breakfast of fruit.


"Right today we reach the community!" Cara announces, immediately followed by Chris retorting "Where we would have been yesterday afternoon if you walked faster." She scowls at him before replying "Well I didn't see you taking the lead or speeding us up did I?" She grabs her bag and swings the door open "come on then!" she shouts as she heads out leading the rest of you to pack everything up and grab your bags to follow her.


You find her waiting outside and clearly in a good mood. she slips her free hand through your arm while she tells you about what to expect "So it's a lovely little walled community, big solid walls and railing around a nice grassy area and pretty houses. It was a kind of rich person 'out of the city house' type thing so everything was very well made and cared for. You should see it any minute now actually on the horizon as we are not far off!" You don't tell her that you can already make out the grey smudge and smoke in the sky from here as you are pretty certain no normal human could. "Sounds lovely" is all you say as she goes on to tell you about certain people and specifically her own home there and how much she likes it and thinks you will too.


You let her talk and make all the right agreeable noises when required while you scan the surrounding are for infected and humans, You can once more Sense a few scattered shamblers but that is about all the infected that seem to be left out here, up ahead though you can definitely sense human minds, the glow of a normal's mind is now totally unmistakable to you. You also suddenly realize that you aren't hungry when you look at it. Normally seeing a human wa enough to make your hunger spike but you haven't felt it in the last two days, even when looking at their energy filled minds.


Then it stirs and you feel it  hiding in the back of your mind again "I guess thinking about it was enough to trigger it again" You think as you do your best to forget about it again as you all close the distance to the compound.
> The Safe-Haven of Safe-Haven
As you get closer the smudge resolves itself into a large grey wall topped with small spiked railings. The gated community.


You keep your pace slow, you aren't sure if a normal human could have noticed the smoke and walls yet so you play it safe and wait a few more minutes before obviously turning your attention to the wall. You look carefully as you approach. The walls are High, maybe 10 foot high and 12 with the railings, the spikes on the top were surely ornamental before but they have been sharpened now into points and you can see men with guns looking over the walls at various points. They are clearly the guards as they are holding guns however they are also clearly relaxed. they probably haven't had any real excitement since the raiders died out a few years back.


You look carefully at them and realize that none of them is actually reacting to you at all. you look around and realize that most of you is covered by farm hedges and gates so that unless they were being vigilant they wont notice you for a few minutes yet. 


"Well the wall certainly looks impressive from here, but shouldn't the guards have spotted us by now, I mean we are out on the road?" Care is about to respond when you hear a bell ringing "Wel, they just did!" she announces happily. Now when we get to the gate we are going to be harassed by Boring, we call him that cos it is what he is. Anyway just be polite and he will open the gate, he just likes to act tough to seem like he is in charge." She quickly gives you another kiss on the cheek and says "Now remember I saw you first." Before walking ahead a little so she reaches the gate first.


You are wondering what she was meaning when you hear the call from the gate "Who goes there" and the immediate response from Cara of "Oh shut up Boring and open the gate already!" you just sigh and mumble "so much for being polite" you hear a chuckle as one of the guards passes you and adds "As you have probably noticed, subtle is not really Cara's strong suit. good luck." you nod to him then join the group at the gate holding the bags while the little drama plays out.


By the number of people on the walls laughing you can guess that this has happened before and more than once. You can also tell it isn't serious by the number of them laughing as the man up top repeatedly tries to tell Cara off and explain procedures and rules and that your group is late while she just insults him, calls him boring and tells him to go die because he is so old.


Eventually you are told to prove you have no bites and remove your shirt and give them a turn so they can see, then you hear a female voice whooping at you from the wall and actually feel embarrassed. You get dressed again while you think about how strange it is for you to care about what a human thought. The gates swing open and Cara immediately breaks into the big grin and waves you inside. 


As you walk in through the gate you get your first proper view of the little community, apart from the surrounding wall and wooden walkway you couldn't even tell that the world had ended outside. There is a group of nicely laid out houses in the center, a play park, a couple of mechanical looking buildings with tools and machinery inside and even a generator next to them.


The people are the same, clean clothing and all smiling and chatting as if the most horrific decade in human history wasn't still fully underway just past the gate you had walked through. One of the guards hops down behind you and several of the people come over, one is even carrying a toddler. The guard starts introducing everyone and you give short pleasant responses before realizing the thing that was bugging you the most. You look like a hobo, a hobo who had something die and rot on it's clothing recently and everyone around you is clean and well dressed for a rural community.


Your realization and glances at your torn and stained shirt must have registered as one of the women cuts the guard off "Let the man rest and get a change of clothing first before he gets embarrassed!" You are about to object when you hear a whoop from behind you and a female guard from the gate comes running over "I'll help, just wait till you see him with his shirt off!" The older woman tuts at her "Briar, behave yourself!" but she just grins and turns to you "Ok lets get you out of that shirt so I can burn it!". You don't actually feel embarrassed about it and you haven't cared what humans thought for years but you do find it strange that the social conventions still hold such strong sway over you "I wonder if they lingered around in the back of my mind of all this time being nice to Cara has helped them resurface?" You think as you pull your shirt off and hear another whoop from Briar as she takes your shirt and heads off to a fire-pit near the walls. You also get some approving looks from the other ladies and glance down at your perfectly muscled self, "here we go again." you think as you let the crowd of women take you over to a shed and hand you some new clothing and let you change in private.


When you finally come out there is a larger crowd, including men ready to greet you and show you their little community. They take you on a whirlwind tour, showing off everything like proud parents showing off their firstborn child. It is all as you first saw, nice well loved little houses and a couple of old barns used as machine shops, The one thing that catches your eye is at the back. A huge metal door leading into a metal corridor that seems half buried at the back of the compound.


"That's our bunker!" One of the men proudly announces "If everything else fails, we can all live in there for months without any worries!" You make a mental note to check it out.
> You first evening in the haven
You are shown to a house that looks less well kept than the others and are told you can use it as your own "An old member, called himself 'Playa' used to live here, sadly he was on a scavenge when they got attacked, him and his partner never returned so now it's yours." You thank them and head inside, finding yourself automatically wiping your feet as you do so "Oh come on, I haven't wiped my feet in years, what am I doing?" You head upstairs and find a nicely laid out bedroom complete with a full bead "Although I really can't complain about this!" You hop onto the bed and relax "Even better than my van-sofa!" You think as you begin making your plans.


You start by stretching out your senses and trying to count the humans, you find that they are often too close together to count perfectly but at least 30-40 which fits your initial guess. Several act as guards day and night and they have a fair amount of guns including at least two automatic weapons. They also have the bunker but there are ways of dealing with that too. Then you sense one in particular and can immediately tell it is Cara alone in a house nearby "Hmm, I can tell human minds apart now, thats a new development" You think as you drift off to sleep


The morning is still far off when you wake up and automatically scan your surroundings, you see humans asleep all around you and guards un-moving on the walkway behind the walls, probably sleep judging by how lax they were. You also once more immediately sense Cara asleep in her house.


"This place and being with the humans is clearly affecting me, bring up old emotions and issues but I am still a harbinger" You reach out your senses and find you can stretch them a long way before getting a headache and you grab control of all the nearby shamblers, forcing them out of where ever they were and close to the community. Then you pause "I guess there is the other option" You think to yourself as you head downstairs and peek out the windows into the silent night.
> You clear your mind of the stupid thoughts and emotions, you are a harbinger and it is time to kill
You look yourself over and shake your head "I eat humans, I have done for years, this stupidity is just from being forced to spend too much time with them recently and it will end once they are all dead!" You concentrate on getting the shamblers you had controlled closer and finally have six of them grouped up near the gate to get in once you had it open for them.


The guards on the walls still hadn't moved and inch but the ones by the gates might have "So those two might still be awake at least" You think as you plan out your next move. If this place was affecting you like a virus in your brain then you didn't have any time to loose and you had to strike now.


As you decide this it is as if your mind clears a little for you, what does it matter what one of them in named? Male, Female, child? they are all just prey and none of them matters at all. You are a harbinger, a Herald of the appocolypse and caring about humans is beneath you. It is time to feed.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are shown to a house that looks less well kept than the others and are told you can use it as your own "An old member, called himself 'Playa' used to live here, sadly he was on a scavenge when they got attacked, him and his partner never returned so now it's yours." You thank them and head inside, finding yourself automatically wiping your feet as you do so "Oh come on, I haven't wiped my feet in years, what am I doing?" You head upstairs and find a nicely laid out bedroom complete with a full bead "Although I really can't complain about this!" You hop onto the bed and relax "Even better than my van-sofa!" You think as you begin making your plans.


You start by stretching out your senses and trying to count the humans, you find that they are often too close together to count perfectly but at least 30-40 which fits your initial guess. Several act as guards day and night and they have a fair amount of guns including at least two automatic weapons. They also have the bunker but there are ways of dealing with that too. Then you sense one in particular and can immediately tell it is Cara alone in a house nearby "Hmm, I can tell human minds apart now, thats a new development" You think as you drift off to sleep


The morning is still far off when you wake up and automatically scan your surroundings, you see humans asleep all around you and guards un-moving on the walkway behind the walls, probably sleep judging by how lax they were. You also once more immediately sense Cara asleep in her house.


"This place and being with the humans is clearly affecting me, bring up old emotions and issues but I am still a harbinger" You reach out your senses and find you can stretch them a long way before getting a headache and you grab control of all the nearby shamblers, forcing them out of where ever they were and close to the community. Then you pause "I guess there is the other option" You think to yourself as you head downstairs and peek out the windows into the silent night.
> You send the shamblers away, staying here for a while wouldn't be so bad
You stop and think things through. Your kills were always driven by your hunger, and sure you enjoyed killing and eating humans, but right now you feel no need too. Your abilities have progressed greatly without eating any humans recently and the food Cara has been giving you tastes great and gets rid of the hunger completely.


So what is wrong with staying here for a bit and enjoying things? Sure you are a harbinger and you might not be human anymore but they don't know that and it's not as if you are infectious... You stop. "Am I infectious? It's not as if I went round biting live humans then seeing how they react... No I don't think so, the virus did something strange to change my body but it must have mutated to do that. I should be safe enough." Having decided that you probably aren't infectious after all you settle into a chair and wait for the dawn. watching the human minds beginning to stir and move about their houses.


Once you judge enough people have gathered around where you saw the large fire-pit the night before you head outside yourself to join them and get breakfast. You no longer have the burning driving hunger constantly in your head pushing you to kill, but your stomach still rumbles if you go too long between meals.


Once there you are immediately greeted by several people and a couple of the younger women come over to give you food and chat. You grateful accept the food and try it "Still tastes good" You think as you notice Cara across the fire hacking angrily at her bowl "Erm sorry ladies but I have to run". They try and keep to you you insist that it is important and jog over to Cara to sit beside her.


"Hey, why sitting alone?" You begin and make her jump, she had been so intent on killing her food that she hadn't even noticed your arrival. She quickly recovers and gives you look that you can't tell is happy or angry "I was just eating and you surprised me, anyway weren't you talking to those other girls first?" She looks over to indicate the girls that had been talking to you and is immediately met with three evil glowers, clearly directed right at her. She lets out an "oooo" noise before turning to you "Ok what did you do?" she says wearily. 


You think about it for just a second "Honestly I have no idea, they were nice and brought me some food but I saw you sitting here alone so told them I had to go. I mean, they did try and keep me but I told them I had something much more important to... Oh dear" You finish as realization dawns on you. Cara just bursts into laughter then shuffles closer so she can lean against your side "Good choice!" she announces as she sticks her tongue out at the girls glowing at her "Stupid hussies trying to steal my man" she adds mostly to herself.


"Your man?" you ask before you realize it might be something that you should have pretended you didn't hear. Cara immediately flushes bright red and you can feel her entire body freeze up beside you "Oh crap" You think and you are about to try and save yourself when you feel her relax a little and she replies "Well you haven't asked me yet but you have good taste and aren't too stupid so I can wait a day or two more." You let out an audible sigh of relief and hear her chuckling to herself "Only a day or two more?" You start "I understand that your a highly desirable girl but are you saying you have men lined up that I will need to fight off if I take more than a day or two?".


She gives you a cheeky grin "A girl never reveals her secrets so you better just not wait so you don't need to find out!" THen she hops to her feet and heads off.


 
> You settling into the community life
You don't wait and later that day you and Cara kiss for the first time. The relationship moves on from there as you stay in the little community and more time passes. You keep working on your abilities and find that all your physical skills improve along with your mental ones and you direct any infected you sense miles away from the community of scavenging areas. 


You join Cara's scavenging team permanently to protect her and make sure that the community is always well stocked and prepared incase anything does happen. You decide finally to settle down there and stay as a sort of 'resident protector' for the whole community. Cara already announced to everyone that you will be getting married soon despite only being together for a few weeks but you actually have no problem with it and are just going along with it since it makes her happy.


Once you accepted your roll as her future husband and protector of the people in Safe-Haven your mind shifted. You felt your mind changing, as if it was clarifying everything for you. The last remnants of the headaches fade away and your senses, in their fully relaxed state, seem to stretch further, showing more details of those around you and making everything less hazy when you look at minds. As if you had been walking on a frozen lake covered with snow before and suddenly the snow was brushed aside to reveal the solid clear ice underneath.


You quickly test a few other metal exercises and find that before your mental defenses were like random planks nailed over a window and mostly held in place by you pushing on them constantly whereas now the moment you try to put up a defense it’s like a thick wall of pure blue ice forms around your mind, shielding you from all sides.


You push out at shambler minds, only now in range of your abilities and feel you mind moving out like an inexorable glacier, sweeping them away before it. You now know you truly made the right choice, you have full awoken.
> A romance ending in blue
You have found the romance ending as a Blue harbinger! If you do not know what that means, then you need to seek out the other endings hidden in the game as they explain it all!"


*******************************


As with several other endings I have unfortunately had to cut it shorter than I would like due to time constraints but one day in the future it will be extended and completed!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake in the morning and realize that once more you slept through the night instead of the normal few hours "Must be the mental training" You think as you test your senses to see what changed while you slept. Sure enough you can feel the infected in the barn more clearly now and with less effort "Two shamblers, one nearly dead and the other near it also in bad shape. Must be trapped in the basement of somthing"  you think to yourself as the humans above you wake up.


Once awake Cara immediately leans down over the bar "Time to wake up! Let's get you out of there!" The man groggily stands beside her, "Are you sure about this?" but she just gives him a disparaging look until he goes to fetch a rope and lowers it down to you, tying one end off on the railing.


You catch it as it comes down and are about to start climbing up when you realize that your arm will be healed a lot further than a normal humans and your makeshift bandage is almost certainly going to be replaced soon, you're going to have to bluff.


You climb up, pretending to be careful of the wounded arm but you secretly put extra strain on it and can feel the wounds tearing open again slightly "Perfect" You think as you climb ove the railing and immediately find yourself receiving a huge hug from Cara. You are taken aback for a moment by the very unusual occurrence and have no time to act before she hops away again "That was for saving my life, I've owed you it!" The she quickly hops out of the hatch, you can see the two men holding rifles greet her as she passes. The man turns to you "Wait here for a bit, we have to finish a quick scavenge then we will all return to discuss what to do with you."


You judge it best not to decide anything while the two men with guns have a clear shot at you and you have you climb through a hatch to get to them so you simply nod and take a seat to await their return.


This gives you plenty of time to think things through. It has not been long but you are already progressing amazingly with your abilities. You are certain you can control infected easily and can sense them coming a long way off and you can sense the presence of humans or 'normals' at an equal distance even if you can't affect them.


Cara trust you and you actually enjoy her company, the man doesn't fully trust you but isn't aggressive either. The two outside seem to be the guards for the scavengers, you have yet to speak to them but you can sense them always nearby the scavengers.


You could of course strike now, Cara trusting you and getting close to you can be used to your advantage, you just need to ge them off guard once when they return and you can take the guards out leaving Cara and Chris defenseless. It would be a little risky but you are certain you could pull it off. On the other hand you really are enjoying chatting with Cara in the evenings and the food they gave you is actually sitting well and taking the edge off your hunger, why not stay with them a bit, at least until you are back to their little colony, you can decide what to do when you are there after all.
> You stay with them for a bit and continue playing nice, you have nothing to loose that way
There is nothing wrong with staying with them for a bit while you still enjoy their company, you can always eat them later if needed.


You turn to Cara when she and Chris are seated


"As to my future, you say that as if it involves options?"


Cara immediately replies with a smile "Well of course it does, we aren't keeping you prisoner or anything" she pauses "Anymore" She adds with a wink to which you grin. She then continues a little more seriously "Basically you can join us, or head on your way. I would much rather you came with us though" and you can definitely hear some hopefulness in her voice to which you smile.


"Well I would love to join you all, it will be much better than being alone again!" Cara gives you a huge smile and takes your hand, leading you outside. "Well, you are with us now! She announces "And since you have joined us we can do a quick introduction before we head off to the compound!"


The guards chuckle and wink at the fact you are holding hands the moment you exit the hatch and Cara drops your hand, blushing, but berating the guards for being childish. You do the quick introductions to the guard but pause as you are heading back in to make a show of offering Cara your hand to help her enter. She blushes again as she accepts and climbs in to the laughter of the guards.


Once inside you find her waiting and before you can react she kisses you on the cheek saying "You're very sweet" then spins and heads over to the food bags. You finally catch onto the situation "She is actually flirting with me!" It has been years since you even though about things like that but you are sure now that she is actually flirting with you, a harbinger.


"Well she doesn't know I'm a harbinger, and I did save her life" You look down at yourself "And thanks to being a harbinger I am actually a bit of an Adonis, I guess it makes sense."


Somewhat dazed by the revelation you start helping picking up the sacks to help carry them.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You need time and safety to train your new talents, wandering recklessly East while still developing is probably too dangerous as you don’t know what is lurking between you and the colony. Heading South would just take you right into the city center and that would be a death wish without better abilities so North is your final option.


You know there used to be small communities in the outlying areas, hamlets and villages that served the farming communities, retirement homes and even some affluent areas for those who no longer wanted to live in the big city. If you look around enough you are sure you will find a nice enough building to make a temporary base, food might be scarce but you can always subside on the infected for a few weeks.


You walk until the next off-ramp leading to a North-bound road and wander down. Looking around you see most of the buildings reduced to rubble, the military must have hit this area harder than others during the defense. “Maybe this was one of the areas they tried to make a stand and bombed the hordes of infected that attacked them” You think to yourself as you walk, but it is unlikely that you’ll ever find out for sure.


 There are not too many infected in this direction but you know if you find a small community that you should find some there to practice on, they never wander too far from where they turned after-all.


By night-time you have left the outskirts of the city behind and begin to see open areas of land a fields, some overgrown with crops of varying types, untended for years, the old clearly defined lines haven given away to a mish-mash of crops invading others fields while weeds and thorns try to choke them all out.


By nightfall you are looking for a likely place to rest and see a few options, in the distance you can make out what looks like a small grain silo, it would take a couple of hours to reach but they usually are made of metal, have small ladders right up to the top where you’d be nice and safe from everything, There is also an old broken down farmhouse nearby and a Barn on the same land. The House was clearly ransacked long ago, the doors are missing, windows smashed and everything looted out of it. The barn seems in better shape, the doors wide open but still intact at least.
> You check out the House, beds are too big to loot right?
You head over to the house to see what might be left behind and are quickly disappointed. The entire place has been ransacked with whatever was left destroyed, you do find human remains in the basement though. "looks like this is where they tried to hide from the infected or looters, had no idea that a single old trapdoor was not a good defense against attackers" You think to yourself as you examine the smashed in wooden trapdoor. This place will be useless for shelter, there isn't a single whole door in the place.


You head back outside and wander over to the Barn, may as well check it now that you are this close, again though you are disappointed. The entire place is also picked clean and the second level where you hoped to rest for the night has been collapsed down onto the floor. This place will be useless for shelter.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You need time and safety to train your new talents, wandering recklessly East while still developing is probably too dangerous as you don’t know what is lurking between you and the colony. Heading South would just take you right into the city center and that would be a death wish without better abilities so North is your final option.


You know there used to be small communities in the outlying areas, hamlets and villages that served the farming communities, retirement homes and even some affluent areas for those who no longer wanted to live in the big city. If you look around enough you are sure you will find a nice enough building to make a temporary base, food might be scarce but you can always subside on the infected for a few weeks.


You walk until the next off-ramp leading to a North-bound road and wander down. Looking around you see most of the buildings reduced to rubble, the military must have hit this area harder than others during the defense. “Maybe this was one of the areas they tried to make a stand and bombed the hordes of infected that attacked them” You think to yourself as you walk, but it is unlikely that you’ll ever find out for sure.


 There are not too many infected in this direction but you know if you find a small community that you should find some there to practice on, they never wander too far from where they turned after-all.


By night-time you have left the outskirts of the city behind and begin to see open areas of land a fields, some overgrown with crops of varying types, untended for years, the old clearly defined lines haven given away to a mish-mash of crops invading others fields while weeds and thorns try to choke them all out.


By nightfall you are looking for a likely place to rest and see a few options, in the distance you can make out what looks like a small grain silo, it would take a couple of hours to reach but they usually are made of metal, have small ladders right up to the top where you’d be nice and safe from everything, There is also an old broken down farmhouse nearby and a Barn on the same land. The House was clearly ransacked long ago, the doors are missing, windows smashed and everything looted out of it. The barn seems in better shape, the doors wide open but still intact at least.
> You check out the Barn, They often have second levels and old hay makes a comfortable enough bed.
You wander over to the Barn, may as well check it now that you are this close, though you are disappointed. The entire place is picked clean and the second level where you hoped to rest for the night has been collapsed down onto the floor. This place will be useless for shelter.


You head back outside and head over to the house to see what might be left behind and are quickly disappointed there too. The entire place has been ransacked with whatever was left destroyed, you do find human remains in the basement though. "looks like this is where they tried to hide from the infected or looters, had no idea that a single old trapdoor was not a good defense against attackers" You think to yourself as you examine the smashed in wooden trapdoor. This place will be useless for shelter, there isn't a single whole door in the place.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake with the dawn and find two of the others already up. “We couldn’t sleep so great being exposed out here.” One of them says to you.


As the last two get up, you realize just how hungry you are and remember that you didn’t eat anything last night. You dig in your bag for your meat strips but find nothing there, remembering that you finished them off on the third day in the stadium. You accept some rations from the other guys but it seems to do little to your hunger.  You think back to when you used to feel this hunger practically all the time, seems your days of living happily in the stadium and not feeling hungry are over for the time being.


You all check your surroundings but it’s all clear and you head off again about an hour after dawn.


“Won’t the others catchup to us at this rate?” one of the others asks out loud. It’s your friend that answers. “Nah, we are a few roads North of them and will be heading up to the highway by lunchtime, so even if they do move faster than us, they will pass right by us to the South and never see us. Hey if all goes well we will meet up with them in a few weeks at the colony and have a great laugh about this all!”


The mood seems to lighten a little after that and you all keep moving with some quiet chatter going on. You even join in some of the joking and in the light atmosphere begin to forget about feeling hungry again.


It’s a few hours later and you are getting close to the on ramps for the highway when you begin hearing the noises.


Its very faint but you call it out anyway. “Low rumbling to the South.” The others pause and listen for a time before one turns and says. “I hear it now, sounds like the Jeep, they will be passing us soon. Those are some ears you have mate!”


“Seems they are making great time if they are passing us already, they might actually do it at this rate!” one of the men jokes as you all start walking again, listening to the low rumble get louder, then start to get quieter as they pass you a few roads to the South.


Its only a few minutes later that you hear a crashing noise and the rumbling stop.


“Gorram Harbinger! They are being ambushed aren’t they, we should go help them!”
> You can't sacrifice yourself by running into an ambush for them. Head North!
You all chose to leave for exactly this reason didn't you?


"Guys, we knew this might happen, it's why we left. If we run after them now we will just be dying with them at best and if they aren't really in trouble they will probably shoot us on the spot for deserting!" You tell them, trying to get them to leave the others for dead.


"I can't!" is all one of them says before starting to run after the noises, clearly set on helping at all costs. The two others shrug and run after him, leaving you standing alone. You watch them disappear then shrug and begin heading North slowly, you'll keep to the plan even if you are the only one.


You keep moving slowly and finally start up the on-ramp to the highway when you hear a shout behind you. turning you see one of the survivors running your way, chased by a fast type.


Swearing you run back down and signal for the man to run past you, as he does you pause just for a second then swing. Your bat connects cleanly with the fast types head as it tries to pass you at full speed, intent on its prey. You watch it back flip and land with a thud, clearly not going to move again, before running after the man.


You catch up quickly and call after him "Where are the others what happened?" he slows to a stop and nearly collapses "They are all dead, everyone dead. It was a trap, as we arrived to help they came after us too, I only got away because they stopped to eat the others before chasing me!" You realize that he is just a kid, probably still in his teens. You take his arm to help him walk and head up onto the highway.


After a time you Find a secure looking van and you both get inside, securing the door behind you. You divide out the rations for a meal but your old hunger is back and even a full meal doesn't help. watching the depressed kid sink into the corner of the van and stare at nothing until he sleeps makes it worse too.


"Every one of them dead." You think as you watch the kid sleeping.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You remember what happened on your first mission, going after them will be suicide and probably a trap.


Luckily 8 men volunteer quickly enough and no-one blames those who don’t so you get away with no shame from it, you head off to your normal duty for that day, you’re on balcony 6 for the next 4 hours or so. You’ll be the only one there since it isn’t really an important one, kind of to the side of the main entrance and not looking at anything of interest.


Its half way through your shift when you hear some muffled sounds coming from over the city and it seems another sentry heard it too, you report hearing it then head back up. Once you get off duty though and come back down it’s not to a pretty sight. It seems that they worked out that the noise was gun fire and the ‘rescue’ team was now also overdue.


You think back again to your first mission and what seemed like a trap, your starting to get a bad feeling about the city now. Seems like scavenging too close to the city center isn’t such a good plan anymore.


You have to choose whether to dump these guys and head out alone now or hold out until they are ready to make a larger push for the colony to the east, sure you have lost men recently but true to their word, they have recruited nearly a dozen in the last month. You had no idea there were so many survivors up in this area or you’d have come North a lot sooner.


You’re also pretty sure that the Capt. is going to order a push East soon too, even with the losses, their numbers are still good and they have the guns and equipment for a full military push through the open streets, the scouts have everything planed out route wise with backups for it things go wrong.
> You stay and help get ready for the push East with the military guys, they have the guns afterall
It’s only a few days before your guesses are proven correct. The captain gathers everyone briefly and outlines a plan to head East. They have one working Military Jeep that they have been saving and lots of guns and ammo stockpiled for the attempt. Everyone is going along. They plan to head at a good pace just around the North of the city center along roads that have been scouted in advance over the past few weeks and head right for the bridge in force. Once over and safely near the ‘Eastern Haven’ as they call it, some of them will return with the jeep and begin their work here again to gather more survivors and get them across when they grow in number.


Happy to be getting a free escort to your destination you continue your efforts to help the stadium and the next few days pass.


It’s the day before the convoy leaves when you are approached by your friend from your first mission just as night falls.


“Hey man, a couple of us don’t like the odds of this mission, they are going too close to the city center and that place is a death trap, also recently it seems like too much has been going wrong. We think the harbinger is behind it and we are getting out before everyone gets killed, you with us?”


You weren’t expecting this since you’ve only been thinking of getting East for the last few days but you have to make a choice since he is clearly geared up and ready to leave.
> You stay with the heavily armed convoy
You aren’t going to leave the convoy now when you’re so close to your goal so you wish him the best of luck and wave him off; you can let the Capt. Know in the morning and just not tell him how long they have been gone. Staying has always been voluntary anyway.


Morning comes and there is no sign of them, you report to the Capt. what happened and he simply nods. “Thought he might, hasn’t been the same since that mission. Glad you stayed though.”


You head back to your post and prepare, you leave in 3 hours.


The time arrives and you all gear up and follow the jeep, it weaves through the barricades and you all push the moveable ones out of its way until it stands ready to go on the road, its 50cal. reassuringly manned on the roof.


“All stay close to the jeep and keep moving, we don’t stop for 4 hours when we make our first checkpoint, if you are too tired to continue then ride the tailgate and side seats on the jeep for a few minutes but switch out fairly.”


Then you are moving. This level of exercise is nothing to you so you don’t feel the need to rest until three hours of jogging go past. That’s also about the time you turn a wide corner to find a full roadblock of cars.


“I thought you scouted this!” one of the men shouts up


“We did, but things have changed, we switch to route 2! Back 50 meters then we swap to a road parallel to this one, we only lose 5 minutes!”


Its then that the bus comes rolling down the road you were headed back too and blocks your retreat.


Swearing can be heard now and men and women preparing their guns.


“Hold and prepare to fire!” the captain shouts but there isn’t anywhere to run even if you wanted too, infected start appearing in the doors and windows of all the buildings around you and start climbing the cars, climbing out of the bus until you are totally surrounded by a horde of infected, even a few mutants among them.


You finally realize that you friend was right, the harbinger COULD control the infected and had come for you all. “Too late to make use for that information now” you think to yourself as the attack begins. At first the guns take them down but then the gunner on the jeep gets shot by something, followed by those doing the most damage, and the rest are swarmed over.


You included.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You don’t feel like alleyways today so you raise your hand for going in the front. The leader nods. “You’re with me then, we all meet in the middle of the store once we check all entrances are clear.” The other two men head off for the alley leading round back as you carefully approach the front door.


Since you are unarmed you pull the doors open and jump back to give your partner a line of sight but there is no sign of movement so you both slip inside.


The store was some old grocery and drug store combo, it has been mostly cleared out but it was done in a rush and there are still useable supplies on the shelves and floor if you sort through it. You and your partner begin to check the aisles more carefully when you hear the shot coming from the back of the store and you see the other two men stumbling in the back door, slamming it shut behind them.


The first thing you notice is that one is clutching his arm and his has a large gash out of it. “It was under some trash, it didn’t move when we poked the bags or anything but after we went by and were trying the door it suddenly lurched up and grabbed me; bit me before, before I knew, before.” He stops and winces in pain, dropping his gun.


Red sirens begin going off in your head. “His speech! He’s Going!” you practically shout.


Your partner swears and glances around, we have to move NOW! Grab what you can and start running, I’ll finish him off then follow with my bags once I know for sure he’s turning.
> You say "Hold on, your gun will attract more of them, I'll use my bat then make my own way back, I know how to move safely alone!"
He looks at you for a few moments before nodding in assent to you plan, he grabs the other man and they start running out of the store with the bags of supplies you had grabbed.


You turn back to the man whose speech had slurred just in time to see him stumble then shake slightly. It only seconds later that he suddenly leaps at you with his teeth bared. Luckily you were ready and his head is cleanly intercepted by a swing from your bat. He crumples to the ground and you glance around.


The others were long gone so you quickly try to grab some food when you hear noises from behind the back door, you’re about to run for it yourself when the noises begin out the front too. You glance round and see a large number of shamblers starting to appear and make their way into the store. The rear door opens and more start coming in the back to, heading towards you.


“They worked out how to open the door?” is all you have time to think before you are fighting for your life against the growing number of infected.


It’s not long before they start to latch onto you and weight you down. It’s shortly after that, that they tear you apart as they eat you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You all head out quietly about an hour after dawn and make your way through the main streets, you don’t have a gun like the others but you do have your bat which you trust a lot more, using it doesn’t cause enough noise to call others to you after all.


“I heard you guys had originally cleared this place out of infected?” you whisper to the nearest guard.


He thinks for a moment before replying. “We had, but then that thing lead hundreds more to us, and what with all the ones bitten again when the walls fell… well let’s just say it’s not as safe as it used to be. Seems the vaccine doesn’t always work too well against direct exposure either, only the airborne strains, some people are immune but others turn right after getting bit.”


You file this information away for later and keep a look-out since you’re nearing the store now and the leader is speaking up.


“Right it's go time, two for the front, two for the rear.”


The front is visible, it’s fairly open and all the large windows are broken giving easy access and sightlines. The rear must be through one of the alleyways you glimpse to the side.
> You rear?
You are considering the rear of the shop when someone else volunteers for the front which makes your mind up for you. You are paired off with a younger man who is clearly wearing a suit under his jacket. You ignore his choice of clothing and you both begin to carefully circle round the back of the store.


The first alleyway you come too is clearly the right one. You see the dumpsters with the shops logo all over them and think you can see the back door some distance down the alleyway. You turn to your partner. “So what’s the plan?”


He simply smiles at you before replying “Oh I have several plans. I have assessed dozens of situations like this and have backups for every eventuality. Careful research and planning is what always leads me to victory!”


“Odd” you think before speaking aloud again. “Of course, that makes perfect sense, but what’s our plan for right now?”


The man stares at the alley for a moment or two, “Ok you lead and I’ll back you up. Prod each dumpster and garbage pile you pass to check for hidden infected. If a shambler appears then you bat will be the best choice, a different kind or more than two of them and I’ll use the gun while we retreat to meet up with the others!”


You shrug and start forward; it was an acceptable plan after all.


The man whispers to you as you progress. “Names Drak by the way, not the one my parents gave me of course but I took it on after the infection, has a nice ring to it!” You nod back to him as you prod another garbage pile with your back and get no response. “A lot of people did that, kind of like a new start thing right?” You poke around inside a dumpster again for no response.


“Exactly!” The man replies. “For all intents and purposes civilization ended, we are beginning anew in a new world so the new life begets a new name, don’t you agree?”


You have just reached the backdoor and are about to open it when you hear a startled cry from behind you follow by two shots. Spinning around you see Drak with blood pouring down his arm and a dead shambler half out of a garbage pile you had just poked. “He didn’t respond when you poked the pile then went for me faster than I’ve ever seen one move!” He manages before wincing and grabbing his arm.


You swear and force the door open; you both pile inside and slam it behind you. The others are headed your way guns at the ready. “What happened?” the leader calls out to you as they approach. You take half a step forward and do the talking for Drak since he is clearly in pain. “We were moving forward and being careful, I swear we poked and prodded every single piece of garbage when one leaped out and bit Drak.”


The man swears and glances at him before turning back to you. “Drak’s always so careful too; we should get out of here soon. Grab what you can and let’s go.” You nod and turn to help Drak just in time to find him leaping at you, there’s no time to react as he sinks his teeth into your throat and rips out a large chunk of flesh, you knock him off and stand up again but immediately feel dizzy, he must have caught an artery. You feel blood pouring down your shirt as you see him spring to his feet and come after you again.


“Gorram idiot had to turn into one of the fast ones didn’t he!” you think as you meet his lunge with a swing from your bat. His head caves in and his body his the floor only moments before you fall too due to the massive blood loss.


You manage to roll over and see the leader of your team pointing his gun at you. “I’m sorry, but this is the only mercy I can give you now.” He says as he fires.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Day Zero.

You wake up, it seems like a normal day.

A little too normal....
> You go To Work
You put your clothes on and head to work. Regardless of the abnomal normality of this day, the bills need to be paid. You walk down the street to your local 7/11 ,head to the back room and put on your work clothes.
> You time to Work
You spend the rest of the day working, your 9-5 job goes by as normal as ever.

At little too normal....
> You well works done, let's go home
You change back to your normal clothing and walk back home. There's not much to do so you make some food, play some games, masterbate and fall to sleep.

Everything was just too normal though...
> You day One
Suppose it makes sense nothing unusual happens until the first day. After all, if anything happened the day before then that would have been considered the first day, now wouldn't it have.

Before you wake up, let's reflect on who you are so you don't die to some random incident due to some crazy issue you had that you should have known you had all along since you are you.

Anyways....

Name: James

Age: 23

Sex: Yes Please Male

Occupation: Clerk at 7/11 (Full time)

Intelligence: Average

Strength: Average

Stamina: Low

Weapon Experience: You can swing a melee weapon, then again anyone can do that.....that's it

Relationships: You got a best friend who lives next store (Bob) and your family (Mom/Dad/younger Sister) lives across town, that's it. Don't you get lonely?

Driving: You can drive fine, but sadly you cannot afford a car right now.

Special Traits : None, you are an average bastard
> You guess it's time to wake up
You wake up at 8am, take a shower, throw on some clothes and turn on the local news. Everything seems to go just like it did yesterday, and the news is pretty much the same. Except all the normal murder stories are replaced by animal attacks and riots.

The news doesn't say anything specific, no mention of zombies or anything, but the potential is still there...

 
> You go to work anyways
You decide to head to work anyways, you need money if you're going to finally buy a car and you have bills to pay.

Nothing unusual happens on the way to work, nor for the first 3 hours. However at noon the news starts to say some interesting things. It's saying that the attacks and riots this morning are actually due to a new virus. They instruct everyone to return to their homes and wait until further instructions.

No one arrives for the next hour, and finally your boss calls and tells you to go home. You change and proceed to head home, but then something different happens.

 
> You well it's about damn time
You exit the employee room, and find a customer standing just inside of the entrance to the store. He seems pretty out of it. You tell him the store is closed and he turns to you.

His clothing is covered in blood, and his eyes seem completely black. He starts to stumble towards you.

You continue to yell at him, angry that he is ignoring you. Finally, when he's just out of arm's reach, you realize hes probably been infected with that virus you heard about on the news.

You hate to admit it, but he's probably a zombie.

(Well no shit Sherlock)

So, what's the plan?
> You wrestle Him
You um...decide the best course of action is to wrestle a zombie.

Perhaps "average intelligence" was a bit too generous...

Regardless, you slip behind the zombie and put him in a chokehold. You lean back, fall to the floor, and wrap your legs around him.

Now usually this is the part where the person would slowly lose consciousness, and you would then let go and kick them a few times for good measure. Sadly this person is a zombie and can't lose consciousness. As such, his continous struggle eventually gets him out of your iron grip, and he bites your arm.

We could go further into the story, but you can guess what your ending is now.

 
[Death]<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You exit the employee room, and find a customer standing just inside of the entrance to the store. He seems pretty out of it. You tell him the store is closed and he turns to you.

His clothing is covered in blood, and his eyes seem completely black. He starts to stumble towards you.

You continue to yell at him, angry that he is ignoring you. Finally, when he's just out of arm's reach, you realize hes probably been infected with that virus you heard about on the news.

You hate to admit it, but he's probably a zombie.

(Well no shit Sherlock)

So, what's the plan?
> You avoid him and exit the store
You avoid the man and exit the store. He looks pretty dangerous what with being covered in blood and all. You lock up behind you, effectively trapping the man inside.

You don't care though, whoever works next can deal with him. You walk home and throw on the news to see exactly what this new virus is.
> The News
The news says that the new virus causes people to become hyper agressive, and that it is passed by the transfer of bodily fluids. They advise again that everyone stay indoors and wait for further instructions.

Further in the day a video is shown on the news, the nature of the video makes it appear as if the news itself was not the one showing it. The video shows a man and one of the "infected", he says that they are like zombies from movies and such. The two are outside, it appears to be a parking lot but you can't tell what the building is and there are no cars.

He says there is no cure and that everyone should put their "Zombie Survival Plan" into full effect. He then shoots the newly dubbed zombie in the head, and instructs that the only way to kill them is to damage the brain, however destroying their legs can render them pretty harmless as well. He continues and says that they are slow, and you can outrun them, however they never get tired.

Pretty detailed for the first day of the infection.

By now it's pretty late, you've been watching the news so intently that you've lost track of time, you go to sleep and decide that tommorow you'll put your Zombie Survival Plan into full effect!
> You day Two
You wake up to day two of the infection. Only now do you realize that you don't actually have a zombie plan.

Well no worries. The infection is still in its early stages, and it should be at least a few days until all hell breaks loose. Until then you can probably walk the streets with no worries.

Probably...

So, what's the plan?
> You go next door to your buddy Bob's
You decide to go see your buddy Bob.

You exit your house, lock it, and walk next door. You knock on the door and he answers.

"Hey James, wanna get high...." Bob says, answering the door and showing you some weed.

 
> You fuck Yea!
You nod your head and enter. The next few hours go by quickly.

Well, at least you think they do....
> You hours Later
Hours later you remember why you came to Bob's house in the first place.

"Hey...hey Bob"

*cough* 

"Sup?"

"You know there's like, zombies out right now. Right?"

"Shit....shit really?"

"Yea"

"Fuck man. I thou-"

Bob's comment is interupted by a knock on the door, a slow heavy pound.
> You idiots can't knock right
You go to the door and look through the peephole. Bob comes up behind you and tries to look through, but you push him back. Outside there's a girl, Bob's girlfriend if you're not mistaken.

Sadly his girlfriend is in bad condition, in fact shes missing an arm. Clearly she's a zombie, which begs the question...

Should you open the door?
> Yes
You open the door....really?

You honestly thought that opening the door for the one-armed chick who is clearly a zombie fell into the "good idea" category?

Well you did it anyways. The girl's knocking arm misses the door and instead hits you in the chest. It doesn't hurt, but she grabs onto your shirt and lunges forward at your neck. You attempt to fight her off, and are somewhat successful. Although you keep her face away from your neck, you both fall down to the floor, her landing on top of you. Using all your strength you push her off of you and towards the door. She ends up in a sitting position at the base of your feet.

This entire time Bob is just staring at the two of you. Finally he does something.

"Dude, that's Claire right!"

Actually it's Casey, but this isn't the time to correct him and lecture him on how he should at least know the name of the girl he's dating. You attempt to crawl away from her but unfortunately she grabs your foot and takes a large bite into your ankle.

You kick her in the face with your good foot and manage to get her outside the door, the quickly lean forward and shut the door.

But you've been bit, so your story ends here. Also you eat Bob, but that bastard kind of deserved it for not helping you anyways.

[Death]<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You go to the door and look through the peephole. Bob comes up behind you and tries to look through, but you push him back. Outside there's a girl, Bob's girlfriend if you're not mistaken.

Sadly his girlfriend is in bad condition, in fact shes missing an arm. Clearly she's a zombie, which begs the question...

Should you open the door?
> You course Not
You turn away from the door. There's no way in hell you're opening it and letting her inside.

"Who's that?" Bob says.

"Errr....wrong number"

"Oh..."

Bob walks away, apparently believing that the person knocking at the door had the wrong number. You throw on the TV and watch the news for the next few hours, forgetting all about the reason you came over to begin with....

Hours later you remember though (good thing right?).
> You time for "The talk"
Hours later you tell Bob that zombies have risen, and go into a detailed description of your day.

"Woah...sounds rough."

"Yeah, well least I'm alive. So what's your zombie plan?"

Bob stands up from the couch and walks to his room. He comes back and throws a piece of paper at you.

He actually had a zombie plan...

You read it and it's not the most detailed, but it's better than your plan....of nothing.... You decide that in may be in your best interest to stay with him. Then again the guy can be very unpredictable, and when his weed runs out he'll probably get pretty pissed. But then again, he has a shotgun and you have no weapons at your place. Though trusting this guy with a shotgun makes you feel a bit uncomfortable.
> You stay with Bob
You decide Bob's plan is better than yours, and depending on what you've done you may not even have the supplies needed to survive on your own.

A week passes and things happen. The military comes by in a caravan and tries to pick people up, but the two of you decide to stay inside (you were also scared they would find the weed). After picking people up the miltary attempts to control the situation, but they fail quite badly. People and zombies alike attack, but Bob's house holds out, at least for the first two months.

The weed ran out after the first month, naturally Bob was pretty upset at first, but he dealt with it without going apeshit on you.
> You phase 2 Interlude
Well, this is a bit awkward....

Let's just say due to some constraints in the system and whatnaught you have to come here before Phase 2 can begin.

Suppose a congratulations is in order, then again you only beat the first of three sections. Not to mention unless you were a dumbass (or having fun) you shouldn't have died at all. Common sense was all that was required to survive.

Good luck in the next section, it requires slightly more thinking.

Also there was one actual ending in phase 1, see if you can get it later.

Here's something to help you on your journey.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to go see your buddy Bob.

You exit your house, lock it, and walk next door. You knock on the door and he answers.

"Hey James, wanna get high...." Bob says, answering the door and showing you some weed.

 
> You drugs are bad mkay...
You shake your head.

"It's not optional", Bob says in an angry tone.

"Kay...."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up to day two of the infection. Only now do you realize that you don't actually have a zombie plan.

Well no worries. The infection is still in its early stages, and it should be at least a few days until all hell breaks loose. Until then you can probably walk the streets with no worries.

Probably...

So, what's the plan?
> You go get supplies
You decide to get supplies. Sadly you do not have a car, so your place for supplies is the local grocery store, a good 15 minute walk.

You walk there with no issues, however everyone seems to have the same idea you do, and are all stocking up on supplies. You enter the store and see complete chaos.

Well, what now?
> You go back home
You go back home, since you'd prefer not to die just to get some food. You return with no issues and decide on your next course of actions.
> You go to you parent's house
You decide to be a momma's boy and head to your parent's house. I mean, who else would know better how to survive zombies than your parents, right?

It's a long walk, and since you won't be carrying anything (or returning for that matter) you ride your bike there. The journey takes an hour and along the way you notice various people taking part in riots, causing violence and eating each other. Though you hope those last ones were actually zombies.

You hope...
> You get to your parent's house and....
You arrive and put your bike in the garage. Everyone should be home what with the news telling everyone to be at home and all. You enter through the front door and are greeted by you parents.

You explain the situation as you know it and they explain that the military is coming, soon. They say within a week they will be here and then they will take everyone to a "safe location". Until then your family will wait it out in their home. They have enough food for a week easily, and your dad has already started boarding up the house.

They insist you stay with them, but since you're a big boy they don't plan to keep you here by force. It sounds like a good deal, wait a bit then be rescued by the miltary. There might be some sort of catch, but for now you don't know what it is.
> You stay with your family
You decide your best bet is to stay with your family. You doubt that the military will be as bad as they are in the movies during these times, so you're sure they can help you.

Well, kinda sure...

Regardless of if they can or cannot help, you and your father board up the rest of the house and your family waits out the week. Mant games of scrabble are played. Sadly you suck at scrabble, which makes this week one of your least favourite weeks ever (the zombies made it pretty bad too).

Then the military finally arrives.
> You well it's about damn time
The military arrives a week after the start of the outbreak. True to their word, they begin calling out to people in the middle of the street to come outdoors and be picked up. Any nearby zombies stand no chance, as the military caravan consists of armoured vehicles which can handle the small amount nearby easily.

You family opens the front door for the first time in a week and runs to the caravan. You kick the scrabble board for good measure before following them outside.

You approach one of the transport vehicles (the one you family ran to before you) and are greated by a soldier.

"Greetings", the soldier says as you approach, "what brings you out here?".
> You [Moan like a zombie]
You make various noises to try and mimic a zombie.

Now why the hell would you do that?

The soldier, in all of his 30 minutes of experience with zombies, has no idea that you are in fact, not one. As a result, he instinctively shoots you. No worries though, he has been trained properly and gives you a clean shot between the eyes. You don't even have time to scream.

[Death]<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The military arrives a week after the start of the outbreak. True to their word, they begin calling out to people in the middle of the street to come outdoors and be picked up. Any nearby zombies stand no chance, as the military caravan consists of armoured vehicles which can handle the small amount nearby easily.

You family opens the front door for the first time in a week and runs to the caravan. You kick the scrabble board for good measure before following them outside.

You approach one of the transport vehicles (the one you family ran to before you) and are greated by a soldier.

"Greetings", the soldier says as you approach, "what brings you out here?".
> You say "I want to come"
"I want to come."

"Well fair enough, come on in!" the soldier replies, motioning for you to come in.

You hop in and ride out into the sunset, just like some old western movie...
> You epilogue - Family
Ha! Like you'd actually get a real epilogue. You choose the fastest way out of the city.

You and your family make it to the shelter and are protected by the military. You get news a little later that Bob was killed, cause of death was zombies.

You live the rest of your life in the shelter. Sure the food is crap, the military is full of assholes, and there's not much to do, but hey you're alive right?

 
Stats

You got the First Epilogue available in the game.

You survived Phase One.

You got the Mediocre Ending.

You got the achievement : Family Man<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The military arrives a week after the start of the outbreak. True to their word, they begin calling out to people in the middle of the street to come outdoors and be picked up. Any nearby zombies stand no chance, as the military caravan consists of armoured vehicles which can handle the small amount nearby easily.

You family opens the front door for the first time in a week and runs to the caravan. You kick the scrabble board for good measure before following them outside.

You approach one of the transport vehicles (the one you family ran to before you) and are greated by a soldier.

"Greetings", the soldier says as you approach, "what brings you out here?".
> You say "I want to pillage and rape this town "
"I want to pillage and rape this town", you reply.

"You do eh...." The soldier says, looking you up and down.

"Well see, I can't let you do that, so, uh...." The soldier thinks about what to do in this situation and decides that it's best to shoot you in the leg. You scream out in pain and hear your family protest, but the soldier ignores them and the vehicle drives away.

You manage to crawl to the sidewalk but the pain of the shot is too much and you faint due to blood lose. Shortly after, a crowd of zombies stumble by.

I'm sure you can guess what they plan to do with you....

[Death]<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You arrive and put your bike in the garage. Everyone should be home what with the news telling everyone to be at home and all. You enter through the front door and are greeted by you parents.

You explain the situation as you know it and they explain that the military is coming, soon. They say within a week they will be here and then they will take everyone to a "safe location". Until then your family will wait it out in their home. They have enough food for a week easily, and your dad has already started boarding up the house.

They insist you stay with them, but since you're a big boy they don't plan to keep you here by force. It sounds like a good deal, wait a bit then be rescued by the miltary. There might be some sort of catch, but for now you don't know what it is.
> You go back to your place
You decide you're better off not trusting the miltary to this, you ponder on the idea of convincing your parent's and sister to not trust them but decide their best chance is to. After all a zombie world is no place for a family....

You say what may be your last goodbyes to your family and head back to your house, it takes a while but once again you beat all odds and return unharmed (though you're pretty damn tired by now).

Too tired to try and get supplies you decide to just walk next door to Bob's house and see what his plan is.
> You see what Bob's plan is
You go next door to Bob's house. He answers the door, clearly high. Not bothering to ask him anything in this state, you enter and close the door behind you. He stares at you the whole time with a blank look on his face, but says nothing.

Moments later you hear knocking on the door. A slow, heavy knock.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to get supplies. Sadly you do not have a car, so your place for supplies is the local grocery store, a good 15 minute walk.

You walk there with no issues, however everyone seems to have the same idea you do, and are all stocking up on supplies. You enter the store and see complete chaos.

Well, what now?
> You go to where most people are - those are the supplies you want
You decide to go where everyone else is, because following the crowd is sometimes a good thing. Right?

You try and get a shopping cart through the crowd but give up, there's far too many people. You instead reach out and grab as much food as you can in your arms.

However this is where your plan of following the crowd fails you. You see, some not-so-friendly people with guns had the same idea. They also seem to not be big fans of large crowds, and so they shoot in the air and into the crowd a few times.

Most people are uninjured and run away, as gang of men have made their point. Sadly you are not in the group that survived, because you were shot in the leg. Now of course, a shot in the leg isn't fatal, but it did cause you to fall to the ground. Then what was your cause of death you ask? The large crowd of people who trampled you to escape was.

Hey, at least you weren't eaten.

[Death]<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to get supplies. Sadly you do not have a car, so your place for supplies is the local grocery store, a good 15 minute walk.

You walk there with no issues, however everyone seems to have the same idea you do, and are all stocking up on supplies. You enter the store and see complete chaos.

Well, what now?
> You go to where no one is, it's safer that way
You decide to avoid the large crowd of people and go to the less populated areas. The pickings are slim, but you manage to get your buggy at least half full with food. You should be able to survive at least a few months with this much.

You hear a few gunshots from a couple of isles over, followed by a mass of people running out of the store. You take this as your cue to leave, and quickly run out of the store pushing your buggy of food.

You get out fine, and your journey home is uneventful. You hope you don't run into those who made the gunfire later.

Well now you're home, you got food, next step is to....
> You barracade and wait it out
You decide to barracade your house and wait things out. You grab various tools and pieces of wood, then board up all your windows and doors.

The next two months pass by and many things happen.

Many, many things....
> You well what happened?
A week after the events of the first day of the infection various things happened.

Panic happened, riots happened. Real ones, not the initial ones which were actually just zombies causing havoc. Martial Law is put into effect, though it only lastws a few weeks before the military was over-run. Fighting the zombies head on was a bad idea but the military didn't learn this fast enough. They came by with caravans originally and picked up anyone who was willing to come with them. Then they created blockades and such to try and contain the problem. But eventually they were over-run.

Your home is attacked a few times, but nothing major. A few gun fights happened just outside as well, but you survive. You've lost a bit of weight, but you're alive and well...ish.

Two months have passed and for the past week it's been very quiet outside. No zombies, no people, nothing. Good thing too, because you're out of food and need to do leave the house now.

Oh and congratulations, you survived Phase 1 of the zombies.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You exit the employee room, and find a customer standing just inside of the entrance to the store. He seems pretty out of it. You tell him the store is closed and he turns to you.

His clothing is covered in blood, and his eyes seem completely black. He starts to stumble towards you.

You continue to yell at him, angry that he is ignoring you. Finally, when he's just out of arm's reach, you realize hes probably been infected with that virus you heard about on the news.

You hate to admit it, but he's probably a zombie.

(Well no shit Sherlock)

So, what's the plan?
> You try and reason with him
You continue to yell at the man, determined to get through to him. When he finally reaches you he grabs ahold of you and gives you a heartfelt hug. It seems you finally got through to him.

Wait...no....no that's not a hug! The man grabs a hold of you and proceeds to bite your neck, ripping out the flesh from it. You fall to the floor and bleed out. Good thing you bleed out quickly, being eaten alive sure is painful.


[Death]<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up at 8am, take a shower, throw on some clothes and turn on the local news. Everything seems to go just like it did yesterday, and the news is pretty much the same. Except all the normal murder stories are replaced by animal attacks and riots.

The news doesn't say anything specific, no mention of zombies or anything, but the potential is still there...

 
> You call in sick and see how everything progresses
You call in sick, you don't feel like being involved in any riots or being murdered. Nothing new appears until noon, when they announce that the cause of all of this violence is a new virus, and that everyone should stay indoors until further notice.

Good thing you didn't go to work.

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>    
 It was very quiet and the white of her knuckles made him shiver.

   

  Nathan Cross placed a hand over the girl's, her tiny fist easily cupped in his long, golden fingers. It was the hospital room he was assigned in, cold and pale in a blend of bland white and the lightest shade of blue. It draped her eight-year-old form as a blanket, her sillouette etched into the sheets. It was indeed very, very quiet. The lively zigging line on the heart monitor  was not giving a quiet tick, nor was it continuously bleeping. The tree scraping against the window was not scraping. It was as if he were deaf - deaf and dumb.

     Nathan came to a frightening revelation.

     Where was he?

     He was no nurse, no doctor, and he did not know this girl - He was a drywaller, nothing else.

     And then the eight-year-old's china blue eyes snapped open, little blue lips opening and speaking words so quiet that he could not hear them. He leaned down, unconsiously, to catch but a tiny noise from her lips. It was silent for a brief moment, and then she gripped the sides of his face with the still-white little fingers and screamed shrilly into his ear.


   It was very silent then.

 
> You start the Game
His eyes snapped open, an unruly haze of confusion spreading across his face and coming out his mouth in short, frightened gasps. He was no longer in the bland, soft hospital room. There was no longer a blue-sheet laiden bed, and there was no longer a danty little girl safely inbetween the covers.

No, this was worse; horrible, terrible.

The room had but one light hanging in the middle, flickering his grimy surrounding to him with flashes of pools of light. The walls were oozing with wet, waxing marroon, greasy with mold and smeared with something rusted and putrid.


 
 
He was the same person - Nathan Cross.


 
He knew this for sure; his surroundings were no longer the same, but his body was nothing different of his usual self. Except that his reddened ears throbbed from a past, echoing screaming. A tight, crisp child's scream.

Where was he?

 
> You search North of the Room.
You found a rusty Pipe.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>His eyes snapped open, an unruly haze of confusion spreading across his face and coming out his mouth in short, frightened gasps. He was no longer in the bland, soft hospital room. There was no longer a blue-sheet laiden bed, and there was no longer a danty little girl safely inbetween the covers.

No, this was worse; horrible, terrible.

The room had but one light hanging in the middle, flickering his grimy surrounding to him with flashes of pools of light. The walls were oozing with wet, waxing marroon, greasy with mold and smeared with something rusted and putrid.


 
 
He was the same person - Nathan Cross.


 
He knew this for sure; his surroundings were no longer the same, but his body was nothing different of his usual self. Except that his reddened ears throbbed from a past, echoing screaming. A tight, crisp child's scream.

Where was he?

 
> You search the South of the Room.
You found a rusty key. What's it for?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>His eyes snapped open, an unruly haze of confusion spreading across his face and coming out his mouth in short, frightened gasps. He was no longer in the bland, soft hospital room. There was no longer a blue-sheet laiden bed, and there was no longer a danty little girl safely inbetween the covers.

No, this was worse; horrible, terrible.

The room had but one light hanging in the middle, flickering his grimy surrounding to him with flashes of pools of light. The walls were oozing with wet, waxing marroon, greasy with mold and smeared with something rusted and putrid.


 
 
He was the same person - Nathan Cross.


 
He knew this for sure; his surroundings were no longer the same, but his body was nothing different of his usual self. Except that his reddened ears throbbed from a past, echoing screaming. A tight, crisp child's scream.

Where was he?

 
> You search the West of the Room.
 
There's a broken chair.

Inspect it further?

 
> You inspect futher.
You search under the cushion of the broken chair, and find a pocket watch. It's old - and unopenable.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>His eyes snapped open, an unruly haze of confusion spreading across his face and coming out his mouth in short, frightened gasps. He was no longer in the bland, soft hospital room. There was no longer a blue-sheet laiden bed, and there was no longer a danty little girl safely inbetween the covers.

No, this was worse; horrible, terrible.

The room had but one light hanging in the middle, flickering his grimy surrounding to him with flashes of pools of light. The walls were oozing with wet, waxing marroon, greasy with mold and smeared with something rusted and putrid.


 
 
He was the same person - Nathan Cross.


 
He knew this for sure; his surroundings were no longer the same, but his body was nothing different of his usual self. Except that his reddened ears throbbed from a past, echoing screaming. A tight, crisp child's scream.

Where was he?

 
> You search the East of the Room.
There's a door.

Are you sure you want to enter/leave?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>    
 It was very quiet and the white of her knuckles made him shiver.

   

  Nathan Cross placed a hand over the girl's, her tiny fist easily cupped in his long, golden fingers. It was the hospital room he was assigned in, cold and pale in a blend of bland white and the lightest shade of blue. It draped her eight-year-old form as a blanket, her sillouette etched into the sheets. It was indeed very, very quiet. The lively zigging line on the heart monitor  was not giving a quiet tick, nor was it continuously bleeping. The tree scraping against the window was not scraping. It was as if he were deaf - deaf and dumb.

     Nathan came to a frightening revelation.

     Where was he?

     He was no nurse, no doctor, and he did not know this girl - He was a drywaller, nothing else.

     And then the eight-year-old's china blue eyes snapped open, little blue lips opening and speaking words so quiet that he could not hear them. He leaned down, unconsiously, to catch but a tiny noise from her lips. It was silent for a brief moment, and then she gripped the sides of his face with the still-white little fingers and screamed shrilly into his ear.


   It was very silent then.

 
> You stumped on how to beat the story? Here's a Walk Through
If you are stumped as to how to beat the game or get the best Ending, here's a walkthrough composed by a good pal:

 
 
Okay, Get everything in the first room you're in - the rusty pipe, the pocket watch, and the rusty key. Leave the room. From here, just go to the second door on the right to find a monster. Use your pipe to kill it, and then take the medikit.

Don't bother with going anywhere else but the first door on the left from here. Go into the first door on the left, and use the rusty key. Don't pick up the picture (you don't use it at all) in the room, just Leave.

Enter the Hall, and then continue on until you meet Allie and Richard. Remember that Medikit you got? Use it here. You'll end up saving Richard and getting Teamwork - a useful tool to kill enemies quickly. But don't waste it! In order to get the best ending, save it!

Go onward until you have to fight the beast/monster. Use your pipe to kill it, and then take the knife from it. Pass up sitting in the chair - there IS an item here, but you don't really need it to win.

Go into the room with the clocks, and look around. Use the pocket watch on the indention in the wall - it opens a door. Go inside, and then take the stairway and open the door to find the last boss.

'Kay, she's gonna' jump at you. You can do this many ways -

If you didn't let Richard die, you can use teamwork twice or so to kill her (just make sure one is left).

You can use your knife to kill her, your pipe, or have a knife-pipe combo. Heck, even a teamwork/pipe or teamwork/knife combo is possible.

If you DID sit in the chair and busted it open in the really white room, you can use that.

Once she's dead, and Nathaniel is crying, you can do the following to get the endings:

For Ending #1: You could die during the fight. I only tell you this now because this ending shouldn't be the one you want. It's basically dying.

For Ending #2: Just walk out the door.

For Ending #3: Use Teamwork while Nathaniel is crying.

There you go!
> Back to Start
    
 It was very quiet and the white of her knuckles made him shiver.

   

  Nathan Cross placed a hand over the girl's, her tiny fist easily cupped in his long, golden fingers. It was the hospital room he was assigned in, cold and pale in a blend of bland white and the lightest shade of blue. It draped her eight-year-old form as a blanket, her sillouette etched into the sheets. It was indeed very, very quiet. The lively zigging line on the heart monitor  was not giving a quiet tick, nor was it continuously bleeping. The tree scraping against the window was not scraping. It was as if he were deaf - deaf and dumb.

     Nathan came to a frightening revelation.

     Where was he?

     He was no nurse, no doctor, and he did not know this girl - He was a drywaller, nothing else.

     And then the eight-year-old's china blue eyes snapped open, little blue lips opening and speaking words so quiet that he could not hear them. He leaned down, unconsiously, to catch but a tiny noise from her lips. It was silent for a brief moment, and then she gripped the sides of his face with the still-white little fingers and screamed shrilly into his ear.


   It was very silent then.

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Bill Ingersoll


© 2020 All Rights Reserved / Published October 2020 / Photos by the author
> You bEGIN
 

Many miles away there's a shadow on the door

Of a cottage on the shore

Of a dark Scottish lake—


—Many miles away.


—— The Police——
> Next page.
 

 

BASED ON A REAL CABIN.


BY A REAL LAKE.


 

 
> Next page.
he last thing either of you expected to find at this remote lake was a cabin.


"Are you sure we're still on state land?" Amy says.


There is doubt in her voice — not in the existence of the structure, because obviously there it is about a hundred feet away. The accusation behind her question is that you've strayed off your intended course and made an unplanned detour onto someone's private preserve.


But you know better than to be baited by that; the two of you have hiked so deep into the Adirondack wilderness that there is no private property to wander into. "No, this is Shingle Shanty Lake," you say, "right where the GPS app says it should be."


"I thought there weren't supposed to be any cabins on state land, though." Your girlfriend is clearly tired and short of patience; it has been a long hike, with the threat of rain looming closer. Both of you had known you'd need to find shelter soon, or be caught outside in a potentially torrential downpour, therefore the last few miles had been completed under pressure to finish as early as possible. The stress of the last hour is now reflected in her tone.


That being said, Amy does have a point about the cabin. "There's not supposed to be," you agree.


"What does your phone say?" Amy says, referring to the GPS-enabled hiking app you've been using to navigate.


With your thumb you activate the screen. You already know what it says, so you extend the phone toward her so she can see for herself.


"It just says there is a lake at the foot of Deadman Mountain," you explain. "And here we are."


The lake is just a short distance away from where you're standing, but so far it has barely captured your attention; the unmarked spur trail that led you here, and which had clearly once been an old driveway, has brought you first to the edge of the clearing where the old camp stands unexpectedly. This is hardly some rustic old log cabin of the kind Abe Lincoln might call home, though: it is sided with evenly-cut lumber, painted a mineral shade of red, with square cinder blocks forming the chimney. It is a humble but otherwise modern structure, made with materials bought from a lumberyard.


Amy barely glances at your phone; all day she's been more than happy to critique your choice in routes for this year's big October backpacking trip, but she clearly did no research of her own. You know perfectly well she has been merely following your lead, indulging your desire to spend the long weekend on a forty-mile loop through the wilderness. Her only requirements, vaguely stated and implicitly understood, were that this trip be an escape from current affairs: at no time should an antiviral face mask be required, and never should the word "trump" be uttered unless someone is playing a game of Pitch.


Nevertheless, ever since the two of you left her old, black Jeep Liberty back at the Deep Creek trailhead seven hours ago, she has been letting you know the many subtle ways your choices have been disappointing her. And to be fair, the first ten miles of your planned loop have not been well maintained, and you have not seen any people since the hike began. "Social distancing" is one thing, but the complete absence of people is disturbing in ways you hadn't anticipated. Usually there are footprints in a wilderness trail, no matter how remote; this one, though, has seemed completely abandoned and forgotten, cluttered with fallen logs and overgrown with saplings. It gives you the impression you're the first two humans to venture this way in at least a year.


Thus the presence of a cabin, however humble, seems all the more anticlimactic. You put your phone away to avoid draining the battery more than necessary.


"Do you suppose anyone is here?" Amy says, shrugging under the weight of her Osprey backpack. You presume even this adjustment of her shoulders is intended as a rebuke: the two of you have been standing in this small meadow, overhung by a half-dead crabapple tree and shaded by the puniest of poplars, for several minutes, unsure of what to do or whether you should even be here.


"I don't see any smoke coming out of that chimney," you say.


The old driveway splits at the point where you're standing. The way to the left leads down to a spot where you can see a marshy corner of the lake. Right leads to the cabin, perched atop an open knoll. It is late afternoon, and this is the time of year when you need to continuously adjust to the ever-shortening days. Still, the clouds beyond the cabin to the west — the direction from which storms frequently pounce in the Adirondacks — are disturbingly dark. Rain is imminent.


"Shall we go up and check out the cabin?" you say.


"You mean go inside that thing?" Amy turns to you so you can see her disapproving expression, the furrowing of her long face framed by dark hair.


"Sure," you say. "I mean, unless you want to stay out here and get wet when those clouds open up."


"Isn't there a campsite or something?"


"I don't know. I've never been here before."


"We could look around," she says.


"Yeah, but that's a pretty mean-looking shower slipping over that mountain," you say nodding toward Deadman, which rises like a black silhouette above the cabin. "And that roof looks pretty inviting right about now."


Amy sighs but says nothing further. Again, it's a non-verbal signal that the sum of your plans so far today has led to this unsavory consequence.
> Next page.
Between the two of you, there is a reliable two-man tent at your disposal; its fly is rolled up near the top of her backpack, and yours contains its body and poles. If the threat of inundation weren't so immediate, then yes, the plan had been to scout out a place to set the tent up. After all, that's the standard operating procedure for any backpacking trip, especially at a lake where no state-maintained lean-tos are available. Being public land — protected under the aegis of a constitutional amendment no less — the presence of a cabin should be a legal impossibility. The fact that one exists here at a place named Shingle Shanty Lake makes even less sense, especially when this cabin is sided with dimensional lumber and roofed with metal sheeting, with not a shingle in sight.


"We should at least check it out," you say.


"I dunno. Maybe we could camp right here."


You look around at this patch of open ground, where the untended driveway diverges. No vehicle has wheeled its way here in years, if not decades; the driveway is overrun with the browning stalks of goldenrod, already dying for the season. The ground beneath you is hard, and there is no sign anyone has camped here before. It is not the typical woodland campsite, shady and redolent with the sweet scent of balsam fir, you had anticipated for this region of the Adirondack Park.


"Those clouds will be here before we get the tent set up," you say. "When the shower passes, we can look for a better place to camp then."


Your girlfriend looks at you long enough to see the skeptical raising of her eyebrows. "Well all right then. Let's check out this cabin by the lake."


You soon learn the cabin has three doors, not one of which seems frequently used; the path to the door closest to the cinder-block chimney is blocked by a knot of goldenrod and red-stemmed dogwood. A tall growth of weeds surrounds the entire structure, and upon closer inspection you discover the grounds are littered with pieces of hardware: rusted sections of plumbing, twisted bits of roofing, the shattered remains of a white plastic barrel (the original purpose of which is not immediately apparent). A section of sheet roofing, partly bent and spotted with patches of rust, lies flat on the ground, daring you to step on it to reach the side door. You don't discover the third entrance until you peep around the font corner of the cabin; it is gaping wide-open onto a weather-beaten deck, sagging unhealthily under its own weight.


"It looks like somebody was tearing it down but then gave up," Amy observes.


"They didn't get very far," you say.


Curiosity compels you to see the inside of this place. You step gingerly across the sheet metal to the side door, which is accessed by two wooden steps. The first droops slightly when you place your weight on it. A storm door with an aluminum frame pulls freely outward, and the wooden door behind it offers no resistance when you gently push on it.


"It's not locked," you say, although what you see inside is sure to skeeve your companion.


Perhaps you came to this place seeking wild scenery and the primitive experience: wave-broken waters lapping at the foot of spruce-shrouded slopes, the last loons of the year wailing from distant corners, the smoke from burning maple infiltrating your flannel shirt. This cabin, though, is an unexpected curiosity, and despite its deplorable condition you are drawn to explore it. Without hesitation you cross the threshold, entering the ransacked remains of a bunk room. Four bunks still remain, with a pair each to your right and left, but pale spots on the floor and walls show where more once stood. Clothes hangers dangle uselessly from a bar, and the faux-pine wall paneling has been smashed as if by a sledgehammer.


"Honey, you should see this," you call out, but so far Amy has declined to join you.


A hall leads out of the bunk room, bisecting the cabin's floor plan. There were once rooms on either side, but now only bare two-by-four studs define the edges of these spaces: the room on your right was completely smashed, its floor now strewn with plaster, wood chips, a rotting tree branch, a bucket with a rusted-out bottom, and (most curiously) a decapitated water faucet from a bathtub. The room to the left was clearly once the kitchen, but only because the sink fixture remains. Whatever stove haunted this space in years-gone-past is now vanished; the sink itself is full of discarded hardware and rusted cooking utensils that will never again be washed.


"George? Sweetie, you in here?"


It's Amy's voice, coming from somewhere up ahead. You complete the trek down the hall, your boots grinding on pieces of shattered paneling. The passage ends at a large room occupying the entire far end of the cabin, capped by a floor-to-ceiling picture window overlooking a growth of young balsam trees. Two picnic tables mark the half of this room that once served as a communal dining area, and a ratty recliner marks the half that used to be the den. Beside the Naugahyde chair is an open door, and beyond lies the sagging deck you saw a few minutes ago. Amy is standing in the door frame, the dark clouds over Deadman Mountain behind her.


"Isn't this place cool?" you say, kicking aside a piece of broken window glass.


"Go to hell," Amy says.
> Next page.
Behind her you can hear an odd swishing sound as the approaching shower rushes across the lake. The storm that had been chasing you past the foot of the mountain is now making its lunge.


"You better get in here!" you say. "Unless you want to get soaked."


"There's moss growing on the floor!" Amy protests.


"I'm not saying we make an offer to buy the place!"


When the shower reaches the deck, she overcomes her last hesitation and steps into the large room with you. The door is wedged wide open behind her, and one of the windows has been shattered, but the walls seem sturdy enough to hold the watery beast at bay.


"It smells dank!" she says.


"Let's sit over here until the storm passes," you say, gesturing to the picnic table farthest from the door. Amy steps tentatively toward it, watching as you unbuckle your backpack and drop it gently onto the floor beside the table. She is about to do the same, but then stops mid-action.


"Are those mouse turds?"


"Probably," you say. "You can't expect absolute cleanliness. This is just a shelter."


Amy is not buying it, but she looks around and sees there are few other options. She sees the smashed walls and all the debris strewn across the floors. "What is this place?"


"Somebody's old hunting camp, I imagine."


"But way out here?" she says, fishing her water bottle out of a side pocket of her pack. "And what happened? It looks like somebody took a sledgehammer to the place and then ran."


Indeed, that seems as plausible an explanation as any. The storm outside is a real soaker, and though the cabin is disgusting and worthy of condemnation for any number of code violations, you're glad for the temporary convenience of its roof. Amy, of course, is seeing only the negative. This is the way your relationship has been for several months now: you thankful for what few lucky breaks you can find, your girlfriend of six years afflicted by a feedback loop of pessimism, as if doing everything in her power to drive a wedge between you, just to watch you squirm.


"What happened to your leg?" you say.


"My leg?"


"Yeah. You're bleeding."


She looks down and sees the two spots of blood soaking into her pant legs as if for the first time.


"It looks like something bit you on the calf," you say, shuffling down the bench of the picnic table to be closer to her, negating the fact she intentionally seemed to put a few feet between you when she sat down herself.


"I can't imagine what," she says, lifting up her pant leg to examine the skin underneath. Something has pricked her twice, less than an inch apart.


"Looks like a snake bite," you say.


"What snakes? It's too cold this time of year. Right?"


She rubs the spot, smearing the blood with her fingertips.


"Does it hurt?" you say.


"No."


"That's odd."


"I have no idea what could've done this." She drops the hem of the pant leg, dismissing the wound. "Wait— I hear water dripping. Does this roof leak?"


You hear the sound too — not the splashing of water hitting water, like a bucket placed as a quick remedy to a pesky leak, but the dull thud of water falling on a flat, wooden surface. And almost as soon as you notice this sound, the trickle becomes a continuous stream waterfalling onto the patch of moss on the floor. It is not difficult to find the source: above the moss is a gaping hole in the ceiling, revealing the roof rafters above.


"There's hole in the roof about the size of a grapefruit," you report, craning your head under the collapsed portion of the ceiling and seeing the breach above the rafters.


"That figures," Amy says.


"At least it's dry where we're sitting."


"I hate this place."


You don't respond; it was only by chance you found this cabin, and you claim no responsibility for its condition. Amy's complaints aside, seeking refuge in here is infinitely better than trying to set up the tent in the middle of a downpour.


Loath to return to her side, not in her current mood, you decide to inspect your surroundings more. The first place to draw your attention is a shelf beside the picture window, just beyond the indoor waterfall.


"This is quite the collection of whiskey bottles," you say, stepping carefully around the puddle on the floor.


"I don't suppose any of them are full?" Amy says, rummaging inside her pack for something, not looking at you.


"Nope. Bone dry," you say. "But recent — not nearly as grody as anything else I've seen so far. Do you suppose someone else has been here?"


"Like who?"


"I don't know. Somebody must know about this place besides us; maybe hunters come here."


"I would think hunters would have higher standards than this."


"Some people would find this place kind of cool," you say. "To them it would be like a giant lean-to."


"Men are gross, then," she says, pulling out a wool sweater and holding it carefully so it doesn't touch any part of her surroundings before she pulls it over her head.


You ignore the taunt, wishing to do anything but argue now, not this weekend. This was supposed to be four days of happiness, maybe even a resurrection of the glory days when the two of you felt comfortable in each other's company and eagerly sought out adventures such as this. You watch her putting on the sweater, but when she sees you she looks crossly back at you, as if you are invading her privacy. Instead, you look for something else to occupy your curiosity.


The diversion your attention settles upon turns out to be yet another room, this one a small closet-sized space near the picnic tables. The floor is cluttered with debris, leaving no room to stand. But there is a mirror affixed to the wall, edged in chrome, and the shattered remains of a porcelain toilet.


"Do you remember the comedian Gallagher?" you say.


"Who?" Amy says from her spot on the picnic table bench.


"You should look him up on YouTube."


"Um, sure." The flatness of her response seems calculated to you, like she is intentionally resisting your efforts to pique her curiosity.


"He used to smash things on stage, as part of his act," you say. "He called it the 'Sledge-O-Matic' or something. Judging by the looks of this toilet, Gallagher's been here for sure."


Nothing else you've said so far has provoked much of a reaction, but Amy's eyes widen at this news.


"So where am I supposed to go?" she says plaintively.
> Next page.
s it turns out, Amy meant this as a serious, pressing concern.


At the mention of the toilet, which sat in pulverized pieces inside what had apparently once been the bathroom, she professed an immediate need to use just such a facility.


This one hadn't been usable for some time, you pointed out.


But hadn't you seen an outhouse? she asked, her voice almost imploring you to give the correct answer.


You hadn't noticed, but if this place had running water back in its heyday, why would they need an outhouse?


But she needed to go now, she insisted.


You weren't exactly sure what it was she wanted from you.


Her needs couldn't wait, though, and with a huff she fished out her toiletry bag from the top of her pack. She informed you she was heading out into the rain to take care of business, and her tone suggested you were somehow to blame. You sat beside your two packs on the picnic table bench, watching her don her rain jacket and venture down the hall toward the remains of the bunk room. The aluminum storm door banged shut behind her, the looseness of the sound suggesting a lack of tension on its spring.


This was nearly half an hour ago now, and there has been no sign of Amy since then. Obviously, you are growing concerned — even despite her attitude problems of late. There was a time you loved her, and she seemed to return the favor without placing barriers between you. There was even a time when a situation like this — taking shelter from a fall shower inside a creepy cabin in the woods — would've been a shared adventure. Your girlfriend may now act like your relationship has grown toxic, yet she clings on; as for yourself, the best you can do is coast on the inertia of your love and hope your patience wins her back.


You had hoped the shower would just be a passing thing: coming, going, and then allowing you to enjoy a peaceful night in the woods as intended. It might be convenient to spread out the sleeping bags on some dry corner of the floor, but clearly Amy wouldn't consent to such a plan. Not that it couldn't work: you've been pacing the cabin while you wait for Amy to return, and while the ceiling in that one corner has collapsed, and while you've found another section of ceiling in the bunk room that has become discolored by moisture, there is plenty of dryness elsewhere. The picnic tables, for instance.


Amy's failure to return, however, is puzzling. It's not like she chose now to just abandon you and walk away from your relationship: this lake is too remote, and she left her pack on the picnic table bench. All she took with her was a bag containing a weekend's rationing of toilet paper and some hand sanitizer. This leaves other, no less disturbing options: Is she sick? Did something happen to her? Your imagination conjures an image of Amy tumbling headfirst into some ancient well she never saw in the darkness.


The course of your nervous pacing brings you to the old deck and its soft, weather-beaten boards. The rain is beating against it, abating somewhat but still a solid shower; you step out onto the deck anyway to see if there is any information that can be gleaned from it.


Once this might've been a scenic spot, with views across Shingle Shanty Lake in two directions. The cabin was built on a knoll high above the water, at a spot that had probably been chosen for its view. Deadman Mountain rises to the west, its spruce-forested top raking the dark clouds and perhaps teasing more rain out of them; turning ninety degrees to the left, you can see the peaked silhouette of Cloudcap Mountain several miles away. Only a few glimpses of the lake itself can be seen in either direction, though; in the years since this camp has been abandoned, the balsam trees edging the knoll have shot upwards to obscure the views.


More importantly, however, is the fact there is no sign of Amy from this deck. And if she doesn't return soon, then it may be too dark to find her way back.


You step back inside the cabin before the rain has a chance to seep into your clothing. The two backpacks are still sitting next to each other on the picnic table, currently enjoying a greater measure of closeness than the people who should be bearing them. You have been resisting the temptation to open your pack, knowing you should be ready to leave this place the moment Amy returns and the rain lets up. The fear, though, is that by then it might be too dark to seek out a proper campsite: Amy's own delay may force you to stay here, the one option she'll want to refuse outright.


In fact, the daylight has already grown quite dim. Maybe you don't want to preemptively unpack, but you are going to need your headlamp. As you paw through the upper pouch in your pack you hear footsteps across the panel of sheet metal outside the bunk room door. Finally! Amy is returning.


But the door never opens.


You stretch the headlamp around your skull and turn toward the cruddy hallway, slowly stepping down toward the bunk room. The wooden door was left open, only the storm door closed when Amy left, and this is what you find now. Being careful not to step on one of the exposed nails left carelessly behind when the bunks were ripped out, you step up to the door and crack it open.


"Amy? You out there?"


There is no response other than the tapering rain and the sound of a roaring stream somewhere in the distant wilderness.


"Honey, is everything OK?"


Nothing.


But you are certain that you heard something a moment ago, and that it wasn't just some chipmunk or field mouse. Is Amy playing some kind of prank on you? If so, it would be completely out of character for her; she never has been the type for jokes.
> You go outside and look for Amy.
You push the storm door open the rest of the way so you can step outside and try to track down Amy. Your leading foot makes contact with the first of the two wooden steps…


But the rain has made the surface slick, and your boot slips off into space before you can steady it. Your hand clings onto the door handle like it were a lifeline, and you attempt to shift your weight back onto your other foot, the one still inside the bunk room, before you completely lose your balance. It's too late, however: the momentum of the slip is carrying you forward, and when your good foot stumbles you begin a butt-first plummet down the steps. The palm of your hand snags on the handle before gravity wrenches it from your grasp, just as your tailbone collides with the first riser. You can feel the board bouncing under your weight, but it stops shy of snapping apart altogether.


You remain frozen for a full three seconds as if to confirm the fall is over. Then pain asserts itself on your consciousness: a serious bruise at the base of your spine, and a cut on your hand you're not even sure you want to look at. The moisture trickling down your palm might be rain, or it might be blood.


Gently you rise from your unplanned seat, unsure of how well your body will cooperate. To your relief, though, and despite the sharp discomfort you feel, no bones seem to be broken; indeed, it might be best to keep moving and forget the bruising pain inflicted on your tailbone. You gently open the hand that had been injured on the door handle; the pad of soft skin below your fingers has been scraped raw by the door, but not lacerated. There will be no need to amputate, you try to joke to yourself. It's not funny, though.


So is this what happened to Amy? Did she slip and fall on these same steps, injuring herself worse than you? And is she now stuck in the rainy woods, too lame to return on her own? It's as good a theory as any, but for one flaw: When Amy left the cabin, there was no commotion other than the slamming of the storm door.


If there was a problem, though, wouldn't Amy want to be found? Even if you can't see her, she must be within earshot.


"Amy? Are you all right?" You listen for a response, but there isn't one.


"Amy? Sweetheart?"


The darkening woods are your only answer, water dripping from branches that just a few weeks ago were still heavy with leaves.


This is so not right. It is like your girlfriend were never here, like you had been imagining her presence the entire day. Or like she had been here, but now she has simply vanished. You're sure those were footsteps you heard a moment ago, the sound that first drew you to the bunk room door; not the pitter-patter of little paws, but something larger, with a deliberate pace — at least for the two noisy steps the walker made across the piece of metal roofing lying prone before you.


Or was it just your imagination? Because now that you are standing out here, with nothing to account for what you heard, you no longer feel so sure. Maybe instead of tracking ghosts around the cabin, you should focus your search a little more directly.


To take care of the "business" Amy needed to do, she would usually find a private spot in the woods — screened from view, but not far away. Looking around in the dim evening light, there is an opening in the trees across the yard. Is something stirring over there, or is it just the sound of waves on the shoreline?
> You search the area immediately surrounding the cabin.
You can't easily dismiss those sounds you heard: two distinct footfalls across the metal, matching the steps an adult human would make. But then nothing afterward, though, other than your own painful crash. The more time passes since you heard those steps, the more your overactive imagination wants to read additional details into the memory of them: were they going right-to-left, or left-to-right? Coming or going? Approaching the cabin or moving away? You know better than to dwell on any of these false analyses; the more you think about them, the more tainted the memory becomes.


Nevertheless, it is the only concrete clue you have to work with, especially since Amy seems unwilling — or unable — to respond.


There is still just enough daylight to see your way around the cluttered and overgrown yard surrounding the camp, but you'd appreciate the additional clarity offered by the LED bulb strapped to your forehead. You reach up and flick on your headlamp; a small spotlight shoots out into the drizzle, raking the tops of the dead goldenrod.


"Amy, I know you're here," you say, scanning the yard with your little beam of battery-powered light. "Just talk to me. Pretend you still like me."


The silence seems deliberate now, as if this were a game of Hide-and-Seek that she is dragging out for too long a time, for reasons you can't even begin to figure out. The weakening rain shower is still the noisiest thing out here, the drops pelting gently the metal roofs of both the camp and a nearby lean-to shed. An owl calls from somewhere across the lake: Who cooks for you? Who cooks for you A-A-A-ALL! A barred owl, uttering its long-familiar syllables.


"Amy, this isn't funny!"


The sound of something rustling behind you startles you, but when you spin around all that you see are a trio of yellow-brown leaves falling into the weeds.


Get a grip, George!


You can feel the bruise on your tailbone setting in, and moving around might help dissipate that pain. And besides, whatever you heard is no longer standing on this piece of sheet metal — only you. Earlier, Amy had entered the cabin through the open door overlooking the deck, so you decide to circle around that way, nearly tripping over a coil of cable partially obscured by the weeds. This time you catch yourself, but heaven knows what you might've landed on had you fallen again.


The deck is just as empty as it was when you last saw it. No steps lead up to it from the ground; to enter the cabin, Amy must've hoisted herself up on her hands. The structure comes to about waist level on you; the boards look eroded by the weathering process, the smooth finish chipped away by too many years of exposure to both sun and snow, the grain of the wood now forming raised ridges in the gray surfaces. The nails that held them all together are beginning to pop out, the heads now an eighth of an inch above the wood.


Still, there is no sign of your girlfriend — or anything else, for that matter. Maybe you're just chasing the paranoid fantasies of your worried brain.
> You go back inside the cabin.
The only thing you're going to get out here is wet: the rain is dampening your shoulders, and even the short trek around the corner of the cabin through the brush is soaking your hiking pants. And if for some strange reason Amy is playing games with you, then you're already losing just by wandering around like a fool. Maybe you don't know where she is, but she should certainly know where you are. Perhaps the best option is just to sit tight and let her come to you, in her own good time.


You back up against the deck and place both your hands on its edge, preparing to scoot yourself up onto it. As soon as you place your weight on your palms, though, your scraped-up hand objects painfully: you can feel one of the rusted nail heads irritating the wound. You can't complete the motion fast enough, and in your haste the seat of your pants snags on a nail of its own. The pocket is half ripped off before disengaging with the nail.


Well this sucks!


Stepping carefully back into the cabin, avoiding the remaining nails as well as the broken glass, you reach back to assess the damage to your pants. An expensive pair of clothing, ruined by an inch-long gash in your behind. Add this to the persistent ache to the base of your spine, as well as the raw burning sensation on your hand, and this has clearly not been your best ten minutes.


It occurs to you that it might be wise to clean up the scrape on your hand, especially considering the contact the shallow wound just made with the rusty nail head. There ought to be something in your first aid kit you can use, and the activity of tending to yourself might be a healthy distraction from your concerns.


Then your headlight beam falls upon the picnic tables, revealing a startling development.


The backpacks have been shredded. Both of them, sliced in the way you might cut into a baked potato, random contents strewn across the floor, including the down stuffing from at least one sleeping bag. It is like she took a knife to the packs and hacked at them in a wild frenzy, occasionally missing and slicing the table instead. All in the few minutes you had been outside looking for her.


This is going too far — beyond a practical joke to the realm of vindictiveness! What the hell has gotten into that head of hers? What could you have possibly said or done to her to warrant this kind of treatment?


"Amy, this is no longer funny!" you shout at the walls. "I'm tired and hungry, and I feel like crap! Now get back in here and let's behave like adults again!"


At first you think there is once again going to be no response, that you are shouting in vain to someone who has decided to stop speaking to you. Then you notice the third door to the cabin, the one located in the smashed-up kitchen. It had looked securely shut when you first inspected the place, but it is now swinging open — as though it has been recently used. There must be wooden steps there, too, because right now something is walking down them, causing the wood to creak in sequence.


No one speaks, though. The only sound is a soft, beastly grunt — and for the first time it occurs to you this might not be Amy you've been trying to find.


With a chill vibrating through your body, you turn off the headlamp. Then you step around the wall of bare studs into the trashy remains of the kitchen, no longer certain what you're going to find. Spiteful girlfriend acting on some long-festering grudge? Mysterious stranger trying to spook the witless intruder? Black bear absconding with a pair of untended backpacks full of food?


Entering the room, the cluttered sink is straight ahead, with a wall to the left that hadn't been completely smashed when this place was abandoned. A garden rake dangles from the sheetrock, its metal teeth embedded in the plaster surface, and a mouse-eaten box of Triscuits sits in a pile of scrap wood below. A word has been scrawled in capital letters across the wall, below the rake:


THILYKOTHERIUM



The letters are black scratches, as if written with charcoal. You have no idea what it could possibly mean — or whether it was even there the first time you examined this room.


But does it matter? Whatever you heard descending those steps is now moving away through the brush outside the door!
> You grab the rake, in case you need to defend yourself.
Nothing about this situation seems right, and regardless of who (or what) is out there, this intruder has destroyed your backpacks — and maybe even inflicted harm on Amy. You have no choice but to follow, but you're not about to do so without the rake in hand. It might not be an axe or a shotgun, but it's the closest thing to a weapon you can find.


The garden rake looks solid, certainly more intimidating than any of the broken kitchen knives left behind in the dry sink. You grab the long wooden handle and pull, but the steel teeth are maintaining a firm grip on the sheetrock. THILYKOTHERIUM you read again. A warning? A code? It looks like Greek or Latin, the type of taxonomic name a researcher might assign to a genus of wild animals; maybe a team of ornithologists were here, recording an encounter with some rare species of sparrow.


As you work the rake head out of the wall, you worry that the process is taking too long, that your mysterious intruder is getting away. By rocking the handle the sharp metal teeth work their way free, allowing you to heft the rake in your hands. Now you can go see what's out there.


The door is slowly swinging closed in a draft of air, so you kick it open, the headlamp still off. You step carefully onto the back steps, your aching tailbone still a fresh reminder of how this went wrong last time. These steps are larger, though, and more solidly built; despite the rain, the risers are less slick.


At the bottom, you are waist deep in goldenrod and dogwood, the rake held horizontally before you. The shower is tapering to just a drizzle, but there is still much drippage from the surrounding trees as the last light of day exits the woods.


Before you is the driveway that led you to this place. And moving straight through its brushy growth is a shadowy figure, about as tall as you are but otherwise of indeterminate identity. The only thing of which you can be certain: this ain't no black bear.


"Hey!" you shout to the figure. It stops but doesn't turn. "Why did you shred my stuff? What'd I ever do to you?"


Still, there is no response. The figure just stands in the open, as if waiting for you to approach it. Who is this guy? A cranky hermit, stealing to survive? Some fugitive from the law?


"I'm looking for my friend," you say, taking a step forward. "Have you seen her? She—"


That's when the figure turns. There is not much you can see in the gray light, but for a second, while the silhouette is in motion, you can make out a willowy profile that almost looks like Amy herself. But Amy this is not: the body looks fur-covered, as if a cat had learned to walk upright. It sees you standing in front of the cabin holding the rake and lifts its head to the night. The howl it unleashes is feral, hungry; menace is its message, rolling through the forest like the yowl of a coy-dog.


You shudder as a reflexive response, but then immediately regret the involuntary show of fear — if you appear vulnerable, this… thing is likely to react accordingly. Without thinking you raise the rake above your head and shout back — not an actual word, just a fearful noise of your own that you hope proves you're not going to be an easy target. The figure turns and runs into the woods, and before you can check your action or consider alternatives you are giving chase.
> You pursue the creature.
his is the problem, though: you're just a frightened and anxious boyfriend armed with a garden rake, pursuing a creature that by all rights shouldn't even exist. What exactly do you plan to do? Gouge its eye out with the teeth, crack its skull with the metal head? And if all you manage to do is annoy this… thing you've just seen, then what's Plan B going to be?


You have to suppress the notion you didn't think this idea through. By all appearances, what you just saw was a predatory creature. And a fairly big one, too, with an apparent axe to grind against backpacks. It's chilling shriek was one of the most unpleasant sounds imaginable in the animal kingdom, as if perfected through the course of evolution to paralyze its prey with terror just at the sound of its voice.


And yet when you showed intent to fight back, it darted away. Whether it did so out of fear or as a tactical retreat to a better, more defendable location remains to be seen. But while you have the advantage, you might as well drive it out of here.


The thing had disappeared into the woods directly across the clearing, just yards from where you and Amy had first beheld the cabin. What's over there? You haven't the foggiest clue. It does occur to you, though, that your quarry probably knows this area quite well, and the route of its escape was not chosen at random.


Standing at the edge of the open area, you peer into the shadowy forest. It is getting so dark now that the creature could be standing forty feet away and you might never see it. The fact you can't hear anything matching its size and speed is concerning too; this tells you that it has either sprinted out of earshot already (unlikely) — or (more likely) it only went so far before stopping to make its stand.


George… That's you, isn't it, George?


The sudden sound of Amy's voice, not only after the passage of so much time, but at this precise instant, is startling.


You spin, scanning your surroundings, as it is not entirely clear where the sound is coming from. "Amy? Where are you?"


Here, George, except… I cannot say what has happened.


You pivot back around toward the woods, but still see nothing. "You need to tell me where you are, babe. I want to help, but I can't see you."


I'm… right here?


That's not helping very much. "Honey, it might be best if you lie low right now. There is… something strange going on. Kind of hard to explain."


I don't have control anymore, George.


That's a rather odd statement. What could that possibly mean? "Amy, honey, I swear I can hear you loud and clear, but I don't have the slightest idea where you are."


It's me. I'm right here.


"Sorry, I don't mean to be a pain, but I can't pin down the location of your voice. It sounds like you're everywhere all at once."


I need help. I don't know what's going on.


You look into the woods, in the direction where the strange creature had fled. It was bizarre, it was fearsome, but it may very well be completely gone, because you cannot see nor hear any signs of its presence.
> You you've got to make sure that creature is gone for good.
"Amy, I know this is not what you want to hear," you say, "but we're not alone out here. Something's been stalking us, and I need to drive it away first."


Its me. I'm watching you.


It doesn't sound like she understands. You adjust your grip on the rake handle, hoping this fugitive from the Home Depot is up to the task at hand. Keeping your eyes focused on the shadows ahead of you, you try not to let this odd conversation with Amy become a distraction.


"I need you to hold tight, OK, honey? I'll be back for you in a minute."


George, I think you're in danger.


"We're both in danger. This is why I need you to be quiet while I take care of… this."


It knows where you are. I've lost all control.


Control? She mentioned this once before, but you have no idea what she means by it; the statement seems just as odd as the fact you can hear her so clearly, and yet you still can't pin her voice to a specific point of origin. Did she hit her head in the dark, dazing herself?


"Ssssh, it'll be all right." But as you tighten your grasp on the rake handle, it occurs to you this reassurance could be just as much for your benefit as it is for hers.


A twig snaps somewhere ahead of you, and you decide this is the moment to make your lunge. It might just be a chipmunk gathering nuts in the dark, or it might be that "Thilykotherium" thing written on the wall of the cabin. You will never be able to tell for sure. But this whole night so far has been bizarre beyond belief, and for once you want to be the one taking a decisive action.


Amy's voice fills your ears like a running commentary as you swing the rake: No, George. I don't want to kill you. It knows where you are. I do not have control. But you don't have the time to parse the meaning of these words: the toothy head of the garden rake has struck a body in the dark, and when you hear the shriek you know exactly what it is you've hit.


The creature is merely a shadow among shadows now, although perhaps it's better this way; if you could actually see the thing, its appearance might have that chilling effect again. The owl-like shriek is painful enough, like a sonic knife wielded against your eardrums. The creature is trying to grasp the other end of the rake, and you know if it does you'll be defenseless. So you thrust it forward, between its own grasping claws, and you feel the metal head striking something hard and bony — like a skull. The next shriek that fills the damp night air is one of pain, and then you hear the sound of feet backing away, deeper into the forest.
> You follow and finish it off for good — or at least ensure you've scared it off.
Amy's well being is important, of course, but you've just scored a point against this whatever-it-is and now's not the time to cede the advantage. The retreating footsteps sounded cautious, not like a full-on capitulation, and you won't be able to guarantee Amy's safety until you're sure this thing is either brained by the rake — or made to sufficiently appreciate you as a physical threat to its own safety.


Therefore you employ the same strategy that worked so well just a moment ago: lunge forward, swinging the rake. But this time you find only empty space.


As if in response, the creature shrieks again — but from well ahead of you in the woods. Is it as frightened of you as you are of it, as they say of most wild creatures? Or is it taunting you, daring you to follow?


The one thing you know for sure is that you'll never be able to relax so long as this creature is on the loose, patrolling the woods surrounding the cabin. And this must be your short-term goal, right? —to survive the night, make it to morning, and then gather what's left of your gear and skedaddle with Amy at the best possible pace to someplace safe. The first step in that plan is to drive away this primal threat, if not wound it so badly it no longer sees itself as the most frightening force in the forest.


So, feeling the thrill of the chase and seeking to assert your mastery over the moment, you return the creature's shriek with a scream of your own. Then you remember the headlamp strapped to your forehead and reach up to flick it on. A cone of LED illumination turns the trees ahead of you into ghostly gray shadows — telegraphing your location, yes, but hopefully also instilling a deer-in-headlights reaction in all that falls within your path.


You don't see a pair of reflecting eyes, but there does seem to be a well-worn track ahead of you, leading deeper into the woods. Surely this is what the creature is following, and so you charge forward in pursuit, dodging tree branches and leaping over fallen logs, prepared to wield the rake again at the first sign of danger.


The track leads over the top of a broad knoll in the forest and seems to dissipate just before reaching a thicket of young spruce. You pause, listening for sounds in the woods and looking for visual clues, but not finding much to work with. The creature is no longer filling the forest with its horrific, nail-on-proverbial-blackboard shrieking, nor can you hear its footsteps.


As you turn about, the headlamp beam likewise follows your gaze like an erratic lighthouse in the woods. You see no sign of that creature, but the cone of light does reveal something else: the silhouette of a car, of all things — gray and dull, its paint long since rusted away. It's been many miles since you've last seen a drivable road, but then again there's a dilapidated cabin not too far away, so apparently at one time people were able to drive to this remote place, and maybe this is one of the vehicles that once brought them here.


With no other definitive objects to find besides this relic and the surrounding trees, you step toward the car. The fenders are its most striking feature, telling you right away that you're dealing with something that's probably been rotting away here since before you were even born. Round headlights, stylized front grill, and an overall 1940s vibe. A shield-shaped badge affixed between the radiator grills shows a picture of a sailing ship, the Mayflower from Massachusetts history; it takes a creative leap of your over-stimulated imagination to link that scene with the name Plymouth, which had indeed once been a brand of automobile.


But the back end is smashed up, as if the car had been totaled in a rear-end collision and then dumped in this isolated place. Your light shines through the shattered windshield to the skeletal remains of the steering wheel and dashboard, imagining the possibility that someone died in that seat, back before seatbelts were common and when "airbag" meant someone who talked too much.


George, you shouldn't be here.


Amy's voice is just as cool and stilted as before, but you jump at its unexpected reemergence.


"Honey?" you say, spinning around, wondering if your girlfriend has been following you all this time.


My… jaw hurts? You've angered it. I don't have control.


Her voice is clear, even if the words themselves are bizarre. All day long she had been bitchy, but now she's just… flat, emotionless, and cryptic as all hell. With a habit of turning up when you least expect it.


Of course, you see no sign of her.


George… help me?


It's a weak, plaintive statement, dripping with vulnerability. This time you don't respond. When in the last year — maybe longer — has Amy needed your help? Hasn't her emotional distance made it clear to you that you have been little more than an accessory in her life, a project she took on once but later forgot the purpose? You have been somebody she continues to associate with as if out of habit, unwilling to let go but also distinctly aloof, like someone trapped in the space between the feminist ideal of true independence and the basic need for male companionship, seeing these as non-compatible extremes she has been unable to resolve.


So… now, tonight of all nights, she needs your help? Things are not as they seem, you are beginning to realize. A moment ago you had an entire conversation with her, and yet you could never pin down the location of her voice. Perhaps she was never there — perhaps you had imagined the entire exchange.


I don't want to kill you. It knows where you are. I do not have control.


This is not Amy. There is no possible way she could be here now, talking to you without being seen. These are not even words she would say to you.


Still, there seems to be nothing here besides you and this wrecked Plymouth. The only sounds not in your head are those of the drips of water from the rain-soaked trees.


I do not have control, George. I don't want to kill you. I will remember you.


That's when you realize there is something else here: the sound of something breathing, on the other side of the car.
> You confront whatever is there.
It could be something as harmless as a deer fawn hiding from your headlamp, or it could be that weird creature you briefly saw by the cabin just before striking it with your rake. But whatever you hear breathing on the opposite side of this Plymouth, it can't possibly be Amy.


George, you are in danger. Please run. I am not in control.


Ignoring Amy's incorporeal voice, which sounds like it comes from nowhere-and-anywhere because, as you now realize, it exists only in your head, you take the rake by both hands again and step around the wrecked car — quickly, before the breather can react and run away. You fully expect to find something normal there, like maybe a fox or coyote, but no, your original suspicion was correct:


The cat-like creature is crouched beside one of the rotten tires, glaring angrily through the beam of your headlamp.


Before you can fully process the information it leaps.


George, I— Amy's voice starts to say, but it cuts out the moment the rake head makes contact with the creature's gut. For a moment its murderous intent is deflected by the force of your blow, which was really just a reflexive reaction that happened to get lucky. The creature rolls away into the wet leaves, twice now feeling the bite of the rake. You might feel sorry for the pain you've inflicted, if the tips of all four limbs weren't a collection of dagger-like claws, each a steak knife more than capable of slicing and dicing someone like you into pieces; a short-order cook at a diner is probably less endowed with cutlery than this strange beast.


Your lucky blow has stunned the beast, but you haven't dimmed its primal hatred. If anything you've probably stoked it, given it all the motivation it needs to rip open your jugular — although it had already seemed so motivated the last time you met. After rolling off the end of the rake in pain, it continues rolling across the ground until finally back in a position to spring to its feet, shrieking as it does so. And there you are, still squarely standing on two feet and wielding the garden rake. Once again you have the momentary advantage, the upper hand over something that has shown every indication it intends to kill you, for perhaps no other reason than it is a hunter and sees you as vulnerable prey. And if it gets to its feet once again, your advantage will be negated.


So just as the creature is springing from its roll, you are swinging the head of the rake down towards its skull.


—don't want to—


Amy's imaginary commentary has been an ongoing presence inside your brain, as if you are carrying inside you a traumatic guilt about her disappearance. But this subconscious version of her seems more intent on warning you about something, and only vaguely aware of the actual circumstance before you.


The creature, too, seems unaware of the rake's trajectory until it is too late. The row of steel teeth make contact with its brow and knock the beast of its feet again, before it had been able to make its pounce. It falls to the ground once more, this time limply, the fangs still bared mid-snarl. The twitching muscles make you nervous that it may be preparing for one more attack, so you swing the rake down against its head again. The blow snaps the steel fixture off the wooden handle, but it also removes a small chunk of the creature's skull. It lies dead before you, its feral rage snuffed out by your quick reflexes.


But at the same time, Amy's voice inside your head goes silent too.


You stand there for a moment, still holding the headless rake handle, your lungs now making up for this burst of self-preserving activity with heavy gasps for air — as much to fill your bloodstream with oxygen as it is for the emotional sense of relief that at least one aspect of today's ordeal might be over. You hiked over ten miles to get here, you haven't eaten anything, and you still don't know what happened to the real Amy. But at least the thing that destroyed your backpacks and was stalking you in the darkness is no longer a threat.


As you regain your composure, you pace around the other side of the Plymouth, worried that the site of the creature's fractured skull might cause you to heave at the moment you're trying to steady your nerves. You focus instead on the dripping water, the rain that collected on the last of the beech leaves, still dripping long after the shower has passed. The sound is so simple, so pure — and with Amy's disembodied voice banished from your head, each drop now seems so loud.


The longer you keep away from the body, however, the more surreal the events of the last half-hour seem. Seriously, what did you just kill with that garden rake? And why didn't anyone on Instagram warn you beasts like this exist in the Adirondacks?


Fractured skull or no, you need to take a closer look. So you step back around the old car, finding the body with your headlamp beam.


Except that instead of a creature covered with brown fur and armed with deadly claws, it's Amy you now see lying dead on the ground, her skull fatally cracked open.


You fall to your knees in horror, your sense of reality shattered with the panicky dread of what you might've just done. What did you just beat to death? Whose voice were you hearing? Has something here put you so out of your mind that you've lost the ability to distinguish the difference between reality and fantasy? Is it just because you haven't eaten dinner that you feel so light-headed?


Despite the cold, and despite the dampness and every other discomfort, you maintain what amounts to a vigil all night long between the Plymouth and the object that very much resembles Amy's naked dead body, hoping that this has all been a feverish dream from which you will soon awake. That would be the only way anything that has happened here would make sense — certainly more so than "werecats" and the possibility you have brained your girlfriend with a garden rake. If you were to go to the authorities and report the events of the night as you remember them, no one would believe you. Therefore you desperately need to wake up and have all this be a dream, and for Amy to be very much still alive.


As the hours advance through the night and into the morning, the battery in your headlamp fades into impotency, leaving you in the dark as you sit with your back against the vehicle. Everything seems lifeless: your source of light, the wrecked car, the leaves that have all dropped from the trees for the year.


Amy.


And when you do awake in the morning, it is only to find that you are in the same place, under the same circumstances. The clouds that soaked the forest last night have cleared away, allowing a brilliant sunrise to light up the Plymouth an everything around it. Everything you remembered and wanted to be a bad dream is still there, now illuminated beautifully by the light of a new day.


And thus the evidence is clear: you are a murderer.


THE END
> You but before you go, check out the image gallery first!
Image Gallery


This story is based, more or less, on a real place... although to the best of my knowledge, none of the events described here have ever occurred. The following images are modified from my original photos, all taken during various visits to the real "Shingle Shanty Lake" and its cabin in 2020.


 



Interior of the cabin, where moss grows on the floor under a giant hole in the ceiling.


 



"Shingle Shanty Lake"


 



The old Jeep Willys truck


 



Yet another abandoned vehicle, now stranded from the nearest drivable road.


 

And perhaps the best picture:




The Thilykotherium, as rendered by my 9-year-old nephew, Adam F.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Amy's well being is important, of course, but you've just scored a point against this whatever-it-is and now's not the time to cede the advantage. The retreating footsteps sounded cautious, not like a full-on capitulation, and you won't be able to guarantee Amy's safety until you're sure this thing is either brained by the rake — or made to sufficiently appreciate you as a physical threat to its own safety.


Therefore you employ the same strategy that worked so well just a moment ago: lunge forward, swinging the rake. But this time you find only empty space.


As if in response, the creature shrieks again — but from well ahead of you in the woods. Is it as frightened of you as you are of it, as they say of most wild creatures? Or is it taunting you, daring you to follow?


The one thing you know for sure is that you'll never be able to relax so long as this creature is on the loose, patrolling the woods surrounding the cabin. And this must be your short-term goal, right? —to survive the night, make it to morning, and then gather what's left of your gear and skedaddle with Amy at the best possible pace to someplace safe. The first step in that plan is to drive away this primal threat, if not wound it so badly it no longer sees itself as the most frightening force in the forest.


So, feeling the thrill of the chase and seeking to assert your mastery over the moment, you return the creature's shriek with a scream of your own. Then you remember the headlamp strapped to your forehead and reach up to flick it on. A cone of LED illumination turns the trees ahead of you into ghostly gray shadows — telegraphing your location, yes, but hopefully also instilling a deer-in-headlights reaction in all that falls within your path.


You don't see a pair of reflecting eyes, but there does seem to be a well-worn track ahead of you, leading deeper into the woods. Surely this is what the creature is following, and so you charge forward in pursuit, dodging tree branches and leaping over fallen logs, prepared to wield the rake again at the first sign of danger.


The track leads over the top of a broad knoll in the forest and seems to dissipate just before reaching a thicket of young spruce. You pause, listening for sounds in the woods and looking for visual clues, but not finding much to work with. The creature is no longer filling the forest with its horrific, nail-on-proverbial-blackboard shrieking, nor can you hear its footsteps.


As you turn about, the headlamp beam likewise follows your gaze like an erratic lighthouse in the woods. You see no sign of that creature, but the cone of light does reveal something else: the silhouette of a car, of all things — gray and dull, its paint long since rusted away. It's been many miles since you've last seen a drivable road, but then again there's a dilapidated cabin not too far away, so apparently at one time people were able to drive to this remote place, and maybe this is one of the vehicles that once brought them here.


With no other definitive objects to find besides this relic and the surrounding trees, you step toward the car. The fenders are its most striking feature, telling you right away that you're dealing with something that's probably been rotting away here since before you were even born. Round headlights, stylized front grill, and an overall 1940s vibe. A shield-shaped badge affixed between the radiator grills shows a picture of a sailing ship, the Mayflower from Massachusetts history; it takes a creative leap of your over-stimulated imagination to link that scene with the name Plymouth, which had indeed once been a brand of automobile.


But the back end is smashed up, as if the car had been totaled in a rear-end collision and then dumped in this isolated place. Your light shines through the shattered windshield to the skeletal remains of the steering wheel and dashboard, imagining the possibility that someone died in that seat, back before seatbelts were common and when "airbag" meant someone who talked too much.


George, you shouldn't be here.


Amy's voice is just as cool and stilted as before, but you jump at its unexpected reemergence.


"Honey?" you say, spinning around, wondering if your girlfriend has been following you all this time.


My… jaw hurts? You've angered it. I don't have control.


Her voice is clear, even if the words themselves are bizarre. All day long she had been bitchy, but now she's just… flat, emotionless, and cryptic as all hell. With a habit of turning up when you least expect it.


Of course, you see no sign of her.


George… help me?


It's a weak, plaintive statement, dripping with vulnerability. This time you don't respond. When in the last year — maybe longer — has Amy needed your help? Hasn't her emotional distance made it clear to you that you have been little more than an accessory in her life, a project she took on once but later forgot the purpose? You have been somebody she continues to associate with as if out of habit, unwilling to let go but also distinctly aloof, like someone trapped in the space between the feminist ideal of true independence and the basic need for male companionship, seeing these as non-compatible extremes she has been unable to resolve.


So… now, tonight of all nights, she needs your help? Things are not as they seem, you are beginning to realize. A moment ago you had an entire conversation with her, and yet you could never pin down the location of her voice. Perhaps she was never there — perhaps you had imagined the entire exchange.


I don't want to kill you. It knows where you are. I do not have control.


This is not Amy. There is no possible way she could be here now, talking to you without being seen. These are not even words she would say to you.


Still, there seems to be nothing here besides you and this wrecked Plymouth. The only sounds not in your head are those of the drips of water from the rain-soaked trees.


I do not have control, George. I don't want to kill you. I will remember you.


That's when you realize there is something else here: the sound of something breathing, on the other side of the car.
> Back away. Get out of here now.
The entire night is out of sorts. You vaguely remember choosing to come here to find peace and solitude, although so much has happened in the last few hours — and especially in about the last half-hour — that the decisions and choices that went into your original trip planning process now seem like a distant dream. Ever since you arrived, nothing has been right: finding a cabin where there should only be a public wilderness, moss where there should be a floor, Amy stepping away to go pee and never coming back, spotting a creature that reason says shouldn't exist, a car wrecked in a long-ago decade on a far-away highway.


And now the realization that you've been hearing voices in your head.


If this were a story, you'd be what is called an "unreliable narrator." Nothing in this plot line you've been unspooling to yourself makes sense, and yet you've been going along with it, looking for reason where reason can't exist.


Until now. Something is breathing on the other side of this Plymouth, and according to the logic of this nightmare you've been experiencing there is only one thing it could be. The beast, of course. The one you've been chasing through the woods, armed improbably with a garden rake. You could play along, approach the creature and take another swipe at it, but what would that prove? Wouldn't that be prolonging the nightmare?


George, you are in danger. It knows you're here. I am no longer in control. Amy's voice has become a monotonous running commentary, her words on the edge of making sense, but ultimately they can be nothing more than gibberish because nothing here is real. Right?


So instead of engaging the nonsense, you decide to back away from it, a lucid dreamer defying his own nightmare. Like that time many years ago when you dreamt you were falling from a plane, and the terror of that moment startled you awake, and you realized that a dream could be a flimsy structure collapsing under the weight of its own implausibility. And sometime later, when as a teenager you dreamed you were walking down the hall at school without any pants on, so you simply paused the dream and reimagined yourself fully clothed. That nightmare went away without complaint, finding nothing for it to feed upon.


It's coming for you, George. I cannot control it. I don't want to kill you.


Go to hell! you shout to Amy's voice in your head. This isn't real! None of this is happening!


As if to demonstrate your denial of these events, you toss the garden rake into the trees. It caroms off a beech sapling, lands somewhere in the dark.


I will remember you, George. I don't want to kill you. I no longer have control.


Are hallucinations a symptom of COVID-19? Perhaps that's the explanation; this hike never occurred because you've been intubated in some hospital ICU, surrounded by doctors in hazmat suits like astronauts on a strange new world, rendered delirious and unable to escape the hellish conjurings of your mind.


Still, though, despite all this denial you continue to perceive yourself in this forest, walking slowly away from the Plymouth with its broken windows and smashed-in trunk, something stirring on the far side, Amy's voice a constant presence inside your skull.


I am sorry, George. I wish I could do more. There have been regrets.


She's speaking as though you are already dead, that it's just a matter now of waiting for the inevitable. Perhaps that really is Amy speaking to you? Maybe she's leaning over your deathbed in the real world, told by the hospital staff that you are beyond hope. This doesn't seem right either, because don't the most dire COVID victims die alone? Yet another fact that isn't adding up.


This is it, George. There is nothing I can do.


So far you have only backed up about fifty feet from the car, your eyes still pointed in that direction even if your attention has wandered.


I don't want to kill you. I am not in control. I will remember you.


The creature you saw at the cabin is emerging from its hiding spot behind the car, crouching from the reach of your headlamp. For a second its eyes are reflected in the light, and it shrinks away as if from fire. Yes, you can see it, but little does the creature know you are choosing not to care. You refuse to fear something you've decided doesn't exist.


George, I—


You watch with indifference as the creature crawls on all fours around the front of the Plymouth, its eyes focused on you. There doesn't seem to be anything you could do now anyway, at least not within the logic of this nightmare. You've discarded your only means of defense, and you're certain you can't outrun a wild predator. But so far your attempts to reimagine yourself someplace better — camping on the shore of Shingle Shanty Lake, a lively little fire before you, and Amy leaning contentedly against your side — have not been successful. This leaves one last possibility: the shock of the creature's attack will jolt you awake.


—remember you. I don't—


The creature leaps, and you watch with amazement as it arcs through the air, its claws aimed at your throat.


—kill you.


THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Amy, I know this is not what you want to hear," you say, "but we're not alone out here. Something's been stalking us, and I need to drive it away first."


Its me. I'm watching you.


It doesn't sound like she understands. You adjust your grip on the rake handle, hoping this fugitive from the Home Depot is up to the task at hand. Keeping your eyes focused on the shadows ahead of you, you try not to let this odd conversation with Amy become a distraction.


"I need you to hold tight, OK, honey? I'll be back for you in a minute."


George, I think you're in danger.


"We're both in danger. This is why I need you to be quiet while I take care of… this."


It knows where you are. I've lost all control.


Control? She mentioned this once before, but you have no idea what she means by it; the statement seems just as odd as the fact you can hear her so clearly, and yet you still can't pin her voice to a specific point of origin. Did she hit her head in the dark, dazing herself?


"Ssssh, it'll be all right." But as you tighten your grasp on the rake handle, it occurs to you this reassurance could be just as much for your benefit as it is for hers.


A twig snaps somewhere ahead of you, and you decide this is the moment to make your lunge. It might just be a chipmunk gathering nuts in the dark, or it might be that "Thilykotherium" thing written on the wall of the cabin. You will never be able to tell for sure. But this whole night so far has been bizarre beyond belief, and for once you want to be the one taking a decisive action.


Amy's voice fills your ears like a running commentary as you swing the rake: No, George. I don't want to kill you. It knows where you are. I do not have control. But you don't have the time to parse the meaning of these words: the toothy head of the garden rake has struck a body in the dark, and when you hear the shriek you know exactly what it is you've hit.


The creature is merely a shadow among shadows now, although perhaps it's better this way; if you could actually see the thing, its appearance might have that chilling effect again. The owl-like shriek is painful enough, like a sonic knife wielded against your eardrums. The creature is trying to grasp the other end of the rake, and you know if it does you'll be defenseless. So you thrust it forward, between its own grasping claws, and you feel the metal head striking something hard and bony — like a skull. The next shriek that fills the damp night air is one of pain, and then you hear the sound of feet backing away, deeper into the forest.
> You try and locate Amy.
You've driven off the creature despite the odds, so it's best not to get greedy and try to accomplish more. Yes, you scored a lucky blow and perhaps inflicted more harm than you realize, but ultimately you're dealing with a wild creature in the dark. Luck can only get you just so far.


And at any rate, Amy is the real priority here.


"All right, hun. We should be safe for the moment." You wonder if she's encountered the creature herself and knows what it is you're both up against. You hope so, because you wouldn't know how to explain what you've just seen with a straight face.


"Amy?"


Silence.


"Amy, it's all right! I think I hit the thing hard in the face. Let me know where you are. OK?"


But there is no response. A moment ago she was almost speaking non-stop in a way that didn't entirely make sense, and you worried that the chatter might get you both killed. Now the creature is gone, and she has gone silent.


"Honey? Sweetie? Tell me where you are!"


The last you heard her, her voice hadn't sounded far away at all, even though you couldn't tell which direction it had been coming from. Perhaps she is wounded and has slipped into unconsciousness; perhaps she is lying helplessly in the dark, just yards from where you're standing now. You flick on the headlamp and direct the beam of light in a circle around you, but once again there is no sign of her — not even any good places where she might be hiding. For good measure you broaden your search radius by twenty feet, then twenty more. But you neither find a trace of your girlfriend, nor do you hear her voice anymore.


Come to think of it, you only heard Amy when the creature itself had been nearby — as if there was a connection between the two.


Nothing about this night is adding up, and even though you managed to chase off the creature you still feel defeated. You're still stranded at this remote place without your gear, and you still have no clue where Amy is. You're tired from the long hike, and you never did get to eat dinner. And then all this other nonsense — none of which even remotely resembles the backpacking trip you had planned.


So what now? The night is still very early, and it will be many hours until daylight. Until then your only source of light is this headlamp, powered by a puny little rechargeable battery that has only a few hours of life to it. Most of your food has been spilled on the floor of the cabin and has probably been attracting mice. Your companion is lost as far as you can tell, and on top of everything else there is a creature roaming these woods that according to reason shouldn't even exist.


Even Salvador Dalí would be hard pressed to dream up a night more surreal than this, and if the Beatles were here kicking Edgar Allen Poe, you'd eagerly join in. The rational world you've always known and loved needs to reassert order soon, otherwise the first thing you'll do when you get home is sell the rest of your outdoor equipment on eBay.


You sigh, scanning the darkness. Perhaps the best option at the moment is to keep yourself busy by taking a closer look at the damaged packs, seeing what if anything inside is salvageable. And so you turn back toward the old cabin, realizing that your only viable path forward might be a simple faith in the future: things will get better and start to make sense soon, because it's impossible for the situation to get any worse.


But as soon as you cross the clearing and see the cabin again, you see the glow of light through the windows — a small light moving around from room to room, like a headlamp worn by somebody else.


Amy?
> Next page.
For the first time in a while, the aforementioned "simple faith in the future" might be paying off! Who else could that be inside the cabin other than your wayward girlfriend, now with a good story to explain why she's been gone so long? Considering what you've just experienced yourself, you already have a hunch what that story might entail.


Eager for the reunion, you run through the goldenrod and dogwood toward the bunk room door. The sheet of metal loudly crunches when you step on it, and then you throw open the doors. You can see the headlamp glow down the hall, in the big room with the picnic tables and shredded packs.


"Amy!" you shout. "Where have you been?"


But the person you find examining your backpacks most certainly isn't Amy. You first see her from behind: an older woman, age sixty maybe, short of stature with tightly-curled gray hair.


"Well this explains one of the packs," she says upon your arrival. Still kneeling, she looks up toward you, your dueling headlamps now shining in each other's face.


"Who are you? What are you doing here?"


She stands up from the pile of rice that has been scattered across the floor and steps closer to you. "Easy now. I could ask you those same questions."


The woman in no way seems threatening. Nevertheless, her unexpected presence here, at this place and at this time of day, strikes you as yet another degree of weirdness to a night that is already well beyond explanation.


"So is the plan to stand here all night blinding each other with our lights, or do you mind turning yours off?" the woman says. She has a point, so you reach up and flick yours off. In return, she adjusts her own headlamp to point up toward the ceiling instead of your eyes.


"I was looking for my girlfriend," you say.


"Yuh-huh. And you thought maybe I was her?"


"We had no idea anyone else was out here."


"Why would you think that?"


"We hadn't seen anyone all day," you say. "And this place looks like it's been abandoned for decades."


"Yuh-huh," the woman says again, as if doubting something about your story. "And you came here to… what? Look at the pretty leaves? Enjoy nature?"


"We were backpacking. This lake was our first stop."


"Backpacking," the woman says dismissively. She turns back to glance at the remains of your two packs. "Not anymore you're not."


You sigh, wondering if she suspects anything that has happened to you so far. "No, it hasn't been a good night."


She brushes off one of the table benches with her hand and sits down. "So this girlfriend of yours. What did you say her name was?"


"Amy."


"So was Amy about the same age you are? Young, in reasonably good shape as anyone in this day and age?"


"Yeah, I suppose…"


"And whose idea was it to come here — hers or yours?"


You suspect she is getting at something, but heaven knows what it might be.


"I made the trip plans," you say, almost sheepishly. This little woman is making this sound like an interrogation, and by extension you are starting to feel guilty in admitting your role in today's affairs.


"Of course you did. And I suppose someone on Facebook or Instagram told you there was nothing but wilderness bliss here. 'Go to Shingle Shanty Lake! You'll love it!'"


"Actually, I couldn't find anything online about this place."


She raises her eyebrows, as if mildly impressed. "Well that's something, then."


It certainly seems like she knows more about this place than you do, but could she ever understand the weird creature you chased away, or even the voice in your head?


"I'm worried about Amy, though," you say, hoping to keep this discussion away from any topics you can't fully explain yourself.


"When did you last see her?" the gray-haired woman asks.


"Over an hour ago."


"Where did she go?"


"I don't know. She said she had to go pee."


"Did she look all right when she left? She wasn't feeling light-headed or dizzy?"


"No, I don't think so. She didn't say."


"Was she acting surly? Growing hair spontaneously, maybe?"


"What?"


The woman shakes her head, more to herself than to you. "Did anything odd happen to her? Strange marks on her body, perhaps?"


You are about to shake your own head when you realize there had been those two bloody spots on her leg, just before she disappeared.


"There was something, wasn't there?" she says when you hesitate.


"Yeah, well, it looked like something bit her," you admit. "Like a snake bite, except—"


"Except the weather's too cold for snakes this time of year."


"Right."


"Damn. Shit."


The woman is obviously perturbed. "Why? What's wrong?" you say.


"For her, nothing," she says. "Your Amy has transcended — pure feminine strength, she is now. But damn."


Transcended? Pure feminine strength? What the hell is she spouting off about?


The woman stands abruptly, reaches for your hand. Because of the whole COVID social distancing thing you reflexively draw away, but she's too quick. "My name is Evie Daniels. And I've been preparing for this night since I divorced my second husband. But by the sounds of it, your former girlfriend has beat me to it."
> Next page.
hat a chain of events that has brought you to this!


"You must be still!" Evie hisses at you, although you weren't aware you had moved or made any sounds. "This is a special night for them. Don't muck it up!"


She has you standing out on the camp's open deck, a starlit night surrounding you, the lake before you. It's cold, and considering your experience at Shingle Shanty Lake so far, you feel exposed. But it's all for the promise of finding Amy, Evie said! — as well as for the once-in-a-lifetime chance to behold a wondrous sight, one that few ever see.


So far, your new companion has been reluctant to be more specific.


For her part, Evie is standing just inside the doorway, beside the old Naugahyde chair. "Amy needs you right now," she had said as she steered you out the door, giving you no time to protest or ask questions. "She has undergone a wondrous transformation, and if you love her you will not withhold one iota of support!"


"Wondrous transformation?" you said, hesitant to just stand outside passively, waiting and watching for something to happen — not when you already know what's in these woods.


"Yes. One that should've been mine, but we don't hold grudges, do we?"


Her words were sweet on the surface, but her eyes failed to conceal her steely resolve. What she was saying and what she wanted weren't necessarily the same thing — and you had become a mere prop, a means to some yet-unknown end.


You didn't want to be a prop; you wanted answers. And as you resisted being shoved out the door, your eyes found the charcoal inscription on the kitchen wall again. "What is a 'Thilykotherium'?" you asked her.


"Something beautiful! She's feral, she's fierce. You should be happy Amy has found this release! Now she will always be free, running with her sisters!"


There was little question in your mind that Evie was a lunatic, but even this crazy explanation, such as it was, fit the facts as you knew them:


Thilykotherium was the name of that creature you fought off with the rake — and it was also the transformed body of your girlfriend. Bizarre, yes, but somehow truthful. You remember the sound of her voice when the creature was present, and the way it seemed to go silent when the creature ran off. I am no longer in control, she had tried to warn you over and over. Now you are starting to understand what she meant.


So here you are, standing in the night air, waiting for something to happen. For Amy to return in her new body, perhaps? And then what? Your last encounter didn't exactly go well for either of you.


But whereas before it felt like you had waited hours for Amy to return, events seem to be happening at a quicker pace now. It begins when you hear a familiar shriek somewhere down by the foot of the lake, the same noise that raised your hairs when you heard it up close not long ago.


Then there is a second call — then a third, then a fourth, all from different points. There's an entire pack of Thilykotherium!


"Isn't that the most beautiful sound?" Evie says softly from the doorway.


"How many of them are there?" you ask her, but your voice is like a provocation to her.


"Ssssh! I told you, you must be still!" You realize she is blocking the door, prepared to prevent you from reentering. But why? Are you to be tonight's sacrificial offering?


The shrieks continue, and without being able to see a single creature you can tell the individuals are coming together, meeting each other for the first time tonight.


"Listen!" Evie says. "They are greeting their new sister! Every fall a new woman makes the transformation, and they go on their first hunt together. I had hoped it would be me this year, but I guess it wasn't meant to be!"


The reverence in her voice is obvious, as if she were narrating a nature show on TV.


"How many of them are there?" you ask, realizing right away her response will be predictable.


"Just! Be! Quiet!" The words are whispered, but they bear the weight of a shouted reproach.


The Thilykotherium calls go silent, and for a moment you lose track of the pack. But then you hear the rustling in the woods, getting closer.


"Now just stay there!" Evie orders. You turn to address her, but she's slamming the door shut. There is no lock, but you can hear the recliner moving into position behind it.


So, yes, it looks like she intends to use you as Thilykotherium bait — and if the rest of the pack are like the one creature you saw, then you don't stand much of a chance.


But is one of them really Amy? If so, you were communicating with her before, although at the time you hadn't understood what she was saying. Now that you have a better idea, there may be a way to appeal to her humanity — as well as to those of her "sisters."
> You stay and try to appeal to Amy's humanity.
Who needs Evie Daniels, anyway? She's just a kook appearing out of nowhere in the middle of the night with a weird agenda. Your real concern is Amy, and trying to make a connection with her. And to do that, it will be best to be direct.


And so you wait alone on the ratty boards of the old deck, which sag slightly under your weight. As the rustling sounds draw nearer, you feel suddenly exposed — your hands are empty, having left the rake somewhere behind you in your travels. If you need to defend yourself in whatever is about to happen, you'll have nothing but your own body to work with. On the other hand, perhaps it's for the best to not be armed — and you can only hope that Amy isn't holding a grudge for striking her in the jaw.


Indeed, the Thilykotherium pack seems to be approaching the cabin. You look in the windows, but Evie has her headlamp off and is remaining silent. Your headlamp is still strapped to your forehead, and in a bit of nervousness you reach up and turn it on.


Nine pairs of eyes reflect the beam of light back at you.


That is him? The man you came here with?


He looks scared.


Frightened.


Not so tough without his tool!


It's an entire chorus of female voices invading your thoughts, although none sound familiar. The she-beasts are at the edge of the clearing that surrounds the cabin, having just emerged from the woods, and they are approaching you as a unit. Which is the one that used to be Amy? The light is not strong enough to fight back all the shadows, and the creatures look too much alike.


What is he doing just standing there?


He can't be too bright.


We'll be doing you a favor, sweetheart.


Not one of them is speaking with their mouths; instead, you hear their words in your thoughts, each a distinctive voice. But so far, not one sounds like your girlfriend.


She must be here, though.


The Thilykotherium form a circle around the deck, their fangs and claws reflecting the silvery starlight. All nine of them look at you with great anticipation, filling the air with hungry growls.


"Amy?" you say cautiously, trying to identify the one you used to know.


George.


That's it! That's her voice. But all of the creatures are behaving in the same feral manner, digging their claws into rotting wood.


"Amy, where are you? Which one is you?"


I'm here, George.


"I— I know that, sweetie. But I can't tell you apart."


See how weak he is? Take his tool away, and a man is nothing.


Not much meat on him, though.


Enough for tonight. We can take a moose tomorrow.


Speak for yourself! I came five miles to get here tonight, and I'm hungry!


Our new sister should of course be the one to make the kill.


And enjoy the biggest share.


Again, you're hearing the voices of the other eight, and the meaning of their words isn't lost on you.


"Amy, what is going on here? You're not like this! Just come back with me, just come back and we'll get you some help."


Help! What does the male think he's going to do?


You're better off with us, girl.


Don't let him suffer like this! Best to get it over with quickly.


Talking to him will only give him hope.


One of the creatures hops up onto the deck with you.


George. Everything is fine now.


The creature takes a step closer, backing you toward the wall. "Amy, is that you? Come on, this is creeping me out. Let's get out of here. None of this is natural!"


Not natural! What does he know what 'natural' is?


You are who were meant to be, sister! There is nothing more natural than that!


George. I am fine. This is where I'm meant to be.


Your back is stopped by the wall, and you're sure you can hear Evie Daniels adjusting her position behind a window, watching these proceedings with great interest.


"Fine? How is this fine? Look at yourself! Look at what you're doing! None of this is fine!"


He's never going to understand.


He feels threatened by your strength!


Just hurry up, will you? I'm hungry!


"Amy, no, please — we need to talk!"


But instead she crouches, claws bared. George, I will remember you.


Then she leaps across the remaining distance between you, her new lethal body prepared to make its first kill.


THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>hat a chain of events that has brought you to this!


"You must be still!" Evie hisses at you, although you weren't aware you had moved or made any sounds. "This is a special night for them. Don't muck it up!"


She has you standing out on the camp's open deck, a starlit night surrounding you, the lake before you. It's cold, and considering your experience at Shingle Shanty Lake so far, you feel exposed. But it's all for the promise of finding Amy, Evie said! — as well as for the once-in-a-lifetime chance to behold a wondrous sight, one that few ever see.


So far, your new companion has been reluctant to be more specific.


For her part, Evie is standing just inside the doorway, beside the old Naugahyde chair. "Amy needs you right now," she had said as she steered you out the door, giving you no time to protest or ask questions. "She has undergone a wondrous transformation, and if you love her you will not withhold one iota of support!"


"Wondrous transformation?" you said, hesitant to just stand outside passively, waiting and watching for something to happen — not when you already know what's in these woods.


"Yes. One that should've been mine, but we don't hold grudges, do we?"


Her words were sweet on the surface, but her eyes failed to conceal her steely resolve. What she was saying and what she wanted weren't necessarily the same thing — and you had become a mere prop, a means to some yet-unknown end.


You didn't want to be a prop; you wanted answers. And as you resisted being shoved out the door, your eyes found the charcoal inscription on the kitchen wall again. "What is a 'Thilykotherium'?" you asked her.


"Something beautiful! She's feral, she's fierce. You should be happy Amy has found this release! Now she will always be free, running with her sisters!"


There was little question in your mind that Evie was a lunatic, but even this crazy explanation, such as it was, fit the facts as you knew them:


Thilykotherium was the name of that creature you fought off with the rake — and it was also the transformed body of your girlfriend. Bizarre, yes, but somehow truthful. You remember the sound of her voice when the creature was present, and the way it seemed to go silent when the creature ran off. I am no longer in control, she had tried to warn you over and over. Now you are starting to understand what she meant.


So here you are, standing in the night air, waiting for something to happen. For Amy to return in her new body, perhaps? And then what? Your last encounter didn't exactly go well for either of you.


But whereas before it felt like you had waited hours for Amy to return, events seem to be happening at a quicker pace now. It begins when you hear a familiar shriek somewhere down by the foot of the lake, the same noise that raised your hairs when you heard it up close not long ago.


Then there is a second call — then a third, then a fourth, all from different points. There's an entire pack of Thilykotherium!


"Isn't that the most beautiful sound?" Evie says softly from the doorway.


"How many of them are there?" you ask her, but your voice is like a provocation to her.


"Ssssh! I told you, you must be still!" You realize she is blocking the door, prepared to prevent you from reentering. But why? Are you to be tonight's sacrificial offering?


The shrieks continue, and without being able to see a single creature you can tell the individuals are coming together, meeting each other for the first time tonight.


"Listen!" Evie says. "They are greeting their new sister! Every fall a new woman makes the transformation, and they go on their first hunt together. I had hoped it would be me this year, but I guess it wasn't meant to be!"


The reverence in her voice is obvious, as if she were narrating a nature show on TV.


"How many of them are there?" you ask, realizing right away her response will be predictable.


"Just! Be! Quiet!" The words are whispered, but they bear the weight of a shouted reproach.


The Thilykotherium calls go silent, and for a moment you lose track of the pack. But then you hear the rustling in the woods, getting closer.


"Now just stay there!" Evie orders. You turn to address her, but she's slamming the door shut. There is no lock, but you can hear the recliner moving into position behind it.


So, yes, it looks like she intends to use you as Thilykotherium bait — and if the rest of the pack are like the one creature you saw, then you don't stand much of a chance.


But is one of them really Amy? If so, you were communicating with her before, although at the time you hadn't understood what she was saying. Now that you have a better idea, there may be a way to appeal to her humanity — as well as to those of her "sisters."
> You force your way inside the cabin.
"No, you aren't going to leave me out here like that goat in Jurassic Park!" you shout at the closed door. You throw your body against it, but Evie already has the recliner nudged up against the other side.


"What are you doing?" she shouts, her voice muffled slightly by the door. "They're going to want to feed, and it sure as hell ain't going to be me!"


They're going to want to feed? Once more you slam your shoulder against the door, but the blow hurts you more than it does anything else. So you try kicking it instead; the door does budge a couple inches, but Evie is right there to slide the chair back into position.


There are other doors leading into this camp, of course, but they are both on the other sides of the building. With the Thilykotherium pack approaching, you don't have the luxury of time to go seek them out, even though Evie can't possibly be barricading all three entrances. On the other hand, there is a window beside this door, and with one good kick you send the glass shattering across the mossy floor.


"What? No! You can't come in here!" Evie seems manic as she tries to push you back out the window. Despite her outsized personality she's not that big physically, and in the end you have the stronger motivation to seek whatever shelter you can find.


In the effort to push past her, though, you tumble through the broken window and roll onto the floor, broken glass crunching underneath your shoulder blades. Some shards had been left attached in the window frame, and you had felt them catching on your clothes. Now is not the time to stop and check how badly you've been cut, however.


Evie is already trying to pull you up by the arm. "You're not staying in here!" she says, grunting with the effort.


With one good tug you pull your arm away. "What the hell are you doing?"


"The sisters are here to hunt! Oh, you wouldn't understand. I came here because I wanted to join them, but you and your girlfriend got here first! And they only take one new sister every six years, so now I'm just as likely to be on the menu as you are!"


She is livid, but also genuinely frightened. Not to mention off her rocker.


You're about to ask another question when you hear the sound of footsteps outside. The pack is surrounding the cabin.


You were right, sister. There is prey inside this place!


Not one, though, but two!


It will be a joyous feast!


These are distinct voices that you're hearing, all female — and like Amy's voice earlier, not one seems to be traveling across the air. Your skull is like an organic radio receiver, their words sounding directly within your thoughts.


"See! See what you've done!" Evie hisses at you, her foot spazzing out at you in a futile kick.


George was here alone when I left. I do not know who this other person his.


Amy's voice! But this time she's not talking to you.


It doesn't matter, sister. Two is better than one!


You will be better off without him anyway!


Evie jumps to her feet and sticks her head outside the window. "Take the man!" she shouts into the night. "He's bigger and has more meat!"


Wow, this one is pretty wild!


I always like it when they make a fuss.


"It was supposed to be me joining you tonight!" Evie tells the she-beasts. "Men have ruined my life, and so I came here hoping I'd be chosen as your new sister! I should be one of you, so please take him!"


The deck boards creak as something hop up on top of it — several somethings, actually.


That's all right, sister. You can still be with us!


Yessss! We would love to have you for dinner!


It occurs to you that Evie might be inadvertently doing you a favor: instead of convincing the she-beasts to go after you, she has made herself the easier target. Quietly you back across the floor crab-style, trying to remain low and unseen. It's not until you back into one of the naked wall studs that you rise to your feet. Evie screams as the creatures pull her through the window. You hesitate for a second, wondering if you should intervene on her behalf, but the sound of tearing flesh stops you; Evie's cries are cut off abruptly, and you realize there is nothing left to save.


Except yourself.
> Next page.
An hour later and you are hiding behind a giant boulder, maybe half a mile from the cabin. You'd have gone farther, but it's night and your headlamp can only reveal so much; go too far in the wrong direction, and you might not find your way back, even in tomorrow's daylight.


The screams Evie made have been haunting you ever since, but the worst part was the way they stopped so abruptly at the moment of her death — the same creatures she had wanted to join, and which she admired for their strength and freedom, had taken her down like foxes to a rabbit. And this is what allowed you to escape; you didn't fight off the creatures, you didn't defeat them with your cunning and strength. In fact, something tells you those tactics would've failed miserably.


No, you got away when the predators were busy culling your herd, so to speak.


But now you are out here alone, cold and frightened — the rabbit who got away, knowing you're not safe yet while the predators are still on the hunt. You have nothing except the clothes you were wearing when you first arrived, as well as the headlamp strapped to your forehead. Nor do you have any further strategies or plans, beyond surviving until daylight so you can get the hell out of here.


George.


You nearly jump — you never heard her coming!


I know you're there, George, behind the rock. I can smell your fear.


Oh crap, are they all here? This is it — you're screwed!


Don't speak, George. I'm not here to stay.


"Amy?" you start to say, but she cuts you off. Don't speak! I am in control now. This is where I need to be. I am protecting you, George, but just this once.


"Amy?" you say again, despite yourself.


Good-bye. Go, and never return to this place. I am in control now.


And then you hear her footsteps on the other side of the boulder, fading into the night. Her departure leaves you alone like you have never been before, a helpless babe lost deep in the woods, waiting desperately for morning so that your nightmares may finally come to an end.


THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>his is the problem, though: you're just a frightened and anxious boyfriend armed with a garden rake, pursuing a creature that by all rights shouldn't even exist. What exactly do you plan to do? Gouge its eye out with the teeth, crack its skull with the metal head? And if all you manage to do is annoy this… thing you've just seen, then what's Plan B going to be?


You have to suppress the notion you didn't think this idea through. By all appearances, what you just saw was a predatory creature. And a fairly big one, too, with an apparent axe to grind against backpacks. It's chilling shriek was one of the most unpleasant sounds imaginable in the animal kingdom, as if perfected through the course of evolution to paralyze its prey with terror just at the sound of its voice.


And yet when you showed intent to fight back, it darted away. Whether it did so out of fear or as a tactical retreat to a better, more defendable location remains to be seen. But while you have the advantage, you might as well drive it out of here.


The thing had disappeared into the woods directly across the clearing, just yards from where you and Amy had first beheld the cabin. What's over there? You haven't the foggiest clue. It does occur to you, though, that your quarry probably knows this area quite well, and the route of its escape was not chosen at random.


Standing at the edge of the open area, you peer into the shadowy forest. It is getting so dark now that the creature could be standing forty feet away and you might never see it. The fact you can't hear anything matching its size and speed is concerning too; this tells you that it has either sprinted out of earshot already (unlikely) — or (more likely) it only went so far before stopping to make its stand.


George… That's you, isn't it, George?


The sudden sound of Amy's voice, not only after the passage of so much time, but at this precise instant, is startling.


You spin, scanning your surroundings, as it is not entirely clear where the sound is coming from. "Amy? Where are you?"


Here, George, except… I cannot say what has happened.


You pivot back around toward the woods, but still see nothing. "You need to tell me where you are, babe. I want to help, but I can't see you."


I'm… right here?


That's not helping very much. "Honey, it might be best if you lie low right now. There is… something strange going on. Kind of hard to explain."


I don't have control anymore, George.


That's a rather odd statement. What could that possibly mean? "Amy, honey, I swear I can hear you loud and clear, but I don't have the slightest idea where you are."


It's me. I'm right here.


"Sorry, I don't mean to be a pain, but I can't pin down the location of your voice. It sounds like you're everywhere all at once."


I need help. I don't know what's going on.


You look into the woods, in the direction where the strange creature had fled. It was bizarre, it was fearsome, but it may very well be completely gone, because you cannot see nor hear any signs of its presence.
> You try and locate Amy. She's the priority.
"Please explain," you say to Amy-who-could-be-anywhere-and-everywhere. The vulnerability in her voice is highly out of character, so something horrible must've happened. Given what you just saw, you can only imagine.


George…


"You've had me worried, you've been gone so long. How do you need me to help? What do you need me to do?"


George… I do not have control anymore.


What the hell is that supposed to mean? "Can you say that again? I'm having trouble pinning down the direction of your voice."


George, I think you're in danger. It knows where you are. I've lost all control.


There is an eerie, disembodied quality to her voice that you can't pin down. It absolutely sounds like Amy, although these cryptic statements are not the usual way she speaks. Something is clearly upsetting her, and it's frustrating not being able to do something so basic as locate her. This entire time, you have been pirouetting like a nervous ballerino at the same point where you stopped your pursuit of the creature. In the process, your boots have scraped a small circular patch of ground free of leaves.


"Amy, sweetheart, you—"


You need to get out of here. I'm going to kill you. I do not have control. It knows where you are.


There is an emotional flatness to the way she is delivering these words that almost causes you to miss their meaning, compounded by the fact that each individual phrase seems to be going in its own direction. But the part about I'm going to kill you certainly seems concerning.


"If I can help, please—"


George, the disembodied Amy voice says, you need to go. I don't want to kill you. It knows where you are. I do not have control.


While the particulars of these cryptic statements seem mysterious, the basic gist is clear: she knows about the creature somehow, including its location and motives.


You adjust your grip on the rake handle. "I'm not going anywhere without you, hun. Just come out where I can see you."


I do not have control, George. I will remember you. Don't want to kill—


What emerges from the shadows, of course, is not your girlfriend. It is the creature you had chased away, although with its gracile body frame one could be forgiven for briefly confusing the two.


George, I—


The creature lunges at you like a cat, claws up so that they can be brought down with great, deadly force. You bring the garden rake up to deflect its arc, but the metal head splits off uselessly from the handle, leaving you with only the shaft.


—remember you. I don't—


The creature's attack is swift and effective. You are cut down before Amy can complete her sentence.


THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The only thing you're going to get out here is wet: the rain is dampening your shoulders, and even the short trek around the corner of the cabin through the brush is soaking your hiking pants. And if for some strange reason Amy is playing games with you, then you're already losing just by wandering around like a fool. Maybe you don't know where she is, but she should certainly know where you are. Perhaps the best option is just to sit tight and let her come to you, in her own good time.


You back up against the deck and place both your hands on its edge, preparing to scoot yourself up onto it. As soon as you place your weight on your palms, though, your scraped-up hand objects painfully: you can feel one of the rusted nail heads irritating the wound. You can't complete the motion fast enough, and in your haste the seat of your pants snags on a nail of its own. The pocket is half ripped off before disengaging with the nail.


Well this sucks!


Stepping carefully back into the cabin, avoiding the remaining nails as well as the broken glass, you reach back to assess the damage to your pants. An expensive pair of clothing, ruined by an inch-long gash in your behind. Add this to the persistent ache to the base of your spine, as well as the raw burning sensation on your hand, and this has clearly not been your best ten minutes.


It occurs to you that it might be wise to clean up the scrape on your hand, especially considering the contact the shallow wound just made with the rusty nail head. There ought to be something in your first aid kit you can use, and the activity of tending to yourself might be a healthy distraction from your concerns.


Then your headlight beam falls upon the picnic tables, revealing a startling development.


The backpacks have been shredded. Both of them, sliced in the way you might cut into a baked potato, random contents strewn across the floor, including the down stuffing from at least one sleeping bag. It is like she took a knife to the packs and hacked at them in a wild frenzy, occasionally missing and slicing the table instead. All in the few minutes you had been outside looking for her.


This is going too far — beyond a practical joke to the realm of vindictiveness! What the hell has gotten into that head of hers? What could you have possibly said or done to her to warrant this kind of treatment?


"Amy, this is no longer funny!" you shout at the walls. "I'm tired and hungry, and I feel like crap! Now get back in here and let's behave like adults again!"


At first you think there is once again going to be no response, that you are shouting in vain to someone who has decided to stop speaking to you. Then you notice the third door to the cabin, the one located in the smashed-up kitchen. It had looked securely shut when you first inspected the place, but it is now swinging open — as though it has been recently used. There must be wooden steps there, too, because right now something is walking down them, causing the wood to creak in sequence.


No one speaks, though. The only sound is a soft, beastly grunt — and for the first time it occurs to you this might not be Amy you've been trying to find.


With a chill vibrating through your body, you turn off the headlamp. Then you step around the wall of bare studs into the trashy remains of the kitchen, no longer certain what you're going to find. Spiteful girlfriend acting on some long-festering grudge? Mysterious stranger trying to spook the witless intruder? Black bear absconding with a pair of untended backpacks full of food?


Entering the room, the cluttered sink is straight ahead, with a wall to the left that hadn't been completely smashed when this place was abandoned. A garden rake dangles from the sheetrock, its metal teeth embedded in the plaster surface, and a mouse-eaten box of Triscuits sits in a pile of scrap wood below. A word has been scrawled in capital letters across the wall, below the rake:


THILYKOTHERIUM



The letters are black scratches, as if written with charcoal. You have no idea what it could possibly mean — or whether it was even there the first time you examined this room.


But does it matter? Whatever you heard descending those steps is now moving away through the brush outside the door!
> You there's no time — follow the intruder!
Do you really think you're going to Schwarzenegger your way out of this situation with a garden rake? You haven't the slightest clue who it is you're chasing, and of course you still can't rule out the possibility this is Amy. After all, she is the only other person you happen to know who is in this same proximity.


And at any rate, time is limited. Forgetting the rake, you steel yourself for an encounter with whatever it is you hear outside. The door is slowly swinging closed in a draft of air, so you kick it open, the headlamp still off. You step carefully onto the back steps, your aching tailbone still a fresh reminder of how this went wrong last time. These steps are larger, though, and more solidly built; despite the rain, the risers are less slick.


You almost don't see the figure, at least not until it steps out of a shadow. And even then, in the gray twilight it is little more than a silhouette. It looks like a person, not a bear: upright and willowy, wading through the browning goldenrod.


"Amy?" you say, giving voice to your first suspicion. Indeed, there is a resemblance between the shadow before you and the memory of your girlfriend, and while her behavior has been inexplicable it makes sense it is her you see now.


But as the figure turns, you see its body is covered with fur, not clothing. What you can see of the eyes are all black, the face feline. A feral anger fills its features, and it looses a howl that haunts the forest with a predatory noise. Its wrath, of course, is directed at you.


Reflexes take over. With an unknown threat just yards away, your response is to run. But where? The steps are surrounded by a tangle of untended weeds, and the creature stands along the most obvious path. So without time to think you back toward the stoop, tripping over the very first step. Your adversary recognizes this moment of vulnerability and leaps in a cat-like pounce; panicked, you scramble in a reverse crab-crawl back toward the door of the cabin. The creature misses you by inches.


The cabin is all you have for protection, and boy do you wish you had that rake now! Barely balanced on your feet, you step inside the kitchen and try to close the door against your foe. But the barrier swings inside, and the creature pushes hard against it. There is no lock, and nothing within reach that would hold it shut permanently; unless you hold the door closed all night long with your body, this unknown hunter will get in.


You reach for the rake handle with one free hand, but the steel teeth are embedded too deeply into the sheetrock. THILYKOTHERIUM, you read again; perhaps you have a hunch now what the name means. The rake isn't ready to release its grip on the wall, and you don't have the option of stepping away from the door to throw your body into the effort like the child Arthur releasing his sword from a stone. If this door opens, you better be running!


As you do your best to keep the creature out, certain elements of the evening start to make more sense: Amy's disappearance, the footsteps outside the bunk room, the two shredded packs. These aren't exactly solid answers: you don't know what happened to Amy, and you have no idea what exactly it is pawing at the other side of this door right now. But clearly there is a link between these two circumstances, and you have no doubts about the murderous intent of whatever it is that's now trying to get in.


Forcing your body against the door all night long isn't going to be an option, so you need to come up with a Plan B quickly, while you still have the energy to act. As soon as you step away from the door this creature will be inside the cabin. The rake isn't going to be a help, at least not in the amount of time that will be available to you, and you can't think of any other object that might have any potential lethal uses. So that leaves only one course of action:


Run.


You give yourself a count of ten. By "three" you're already having doubts, but by the same token you know you can't hold out against the creature's intensifying thrusts, either. So when the count runs out, you take a deep breath and flee from the kitchen.


The door bursts open behind you, and you realize you have a lead of mere seconds. Where exactly can you go? There are no hiding places in this cabin, not where half the walls are missing. Your only instinct is to run in the direction from which you've come, hoping that your speed holds out and that the creature pursuing you can be outsmarted.


And so you spin around the wall of studs and down the short hall to the bunk room. You throw open the storm door and leap over the treacherous steps and the sheet of rusted metal, running toward the overgrown driveway like your life depends on it — because to the best of your knowledge, it really does.


The banging of aluminum and glass behind you tells you the creature is not far behind.
> You run!
an such creatures exist? Or more importantly, should they exist? You want to assume that you have gone crazy, that you are running and hiding from your own overactive imagination. But your senses say differently, that the bizarre thing from which you fled was very real indeed. And its single-minded pursuit of you is proof of its murderous intent.


You've always prided yourself on the idea that you are a rational person, tending to go where the evidence leads you — and in your experience, the evidence never tended to go toward Sasquatch and / or Mork. All those grown men clamoring to get their own cable TV shows, self-described experts of the unexplained, clinging to the narrow claim of legitimacy granted to them by the axiom that absence of proof isn't proof of absence. The failure to find what they seek by the end of each episode is employed to build suspense and anticipation for next week's show. Their life's work supported by the ten million gullible suckers willing to tune in every Tuesday, and all the ad revenue that generates.


Not you, though. To you, it's hard to see the difference between that and the so-called sport of "professional wrestling." It's all orchestrated B.S., dumbshows put on to entertain the groundlings.


But man, what you wouldn't give to have Randy Savage here with you right now.


You really don't know how you managed to get away. That creature was big, and you assumed based on its feline attributes that it would also be fast. Rather than staying and sizing it up, you ran as fast as you could — toward the overgrown driveway, since that was the only way in and out of this place with which you were familiar. It's possible you just got lucky: at one moment, when you were certain that… thing was close enough to do whatever it was planning to do, you thought you heard a soft yelp followed by the sound of a collapsing body. Perhaps it tripped over something in the dark that you somehow missed, and if so, then it is by dumb luck alone that you are hiding here now.


When you realized you had gained an accidental advantage, you veered off the driveway and into the deep woods. Surrounded by shadows as the twilight faded into the starlit darkness of night, the best you could do was grope your way through the trees. With the thick leaf litter from this fall's crop of fallen foliage, there was no way to run quietly; every step sounded like a cat playing with a paper bag. You might just as well be shouting out your location on a megaphone.


Therefore when you stumbled across this giant boulder, you decided to make this your hiding spot.


But holy cripes, what was that thing?


The cat-like creature you briefly glimpsed seemed like it had been compiled from a variety of vaguely familiar sources, reassembled into something straight out of a B-movie. And if this is some old Saturday matinee feature you've been transported into, then what does that make you? Are the robots of Mystery Science Theater 3000 heckling you at this very moment? You hope they're getting a bigger laugh out of all this than you are.


George.


"Who said that?" Your response was involuntary, but the sound of someone calling your name seemed to come from nowhere.


George, where am I?


"Amy, is that you?" you look around, but you don't see a thing. You certainly don't see Amy, although it certainly sounds like her voice.


I feel strange, George.


You don't respond; it seems distinctly unsafe to be carrying on a conversation out loud with someone you can't even see, especially after what you've just seen.


George, where are you? I've lost control. I don't know what I'm doing. I need help. Please, George.


You look around from the cover of your rock, but see no one. "I can't see you," you whisper. "Where are you?"


I'm looking for you.


There is something very off about Amy's voice. Specifically, it doesn't seem to be coming from anywhere; wherever you turn your head, that seems to be the origin of her calls for help.


On the other hand, it's been so long since she's asked for your help with anything, you feel obligated to respond now.


She said she's looking for you… and obviously she's close enough that you can hear each other. You decide it's worth the risk to stand all the way up, to peer over this rock rather and peep around the sides. And when you do, you hear the sound of footsteps slowly approaching, like from someone who might be seeking you out. If by some miracle she doesn't comprehend the menace with which you are sharing the woods tonight, then you need to convince her of the need to hide quickly.


"I can hear you coming. Just follow the sound of my voice." You don't dare step too far away from this rock, so you hope she finds you soon.


It's looking for you too, George.


So, she does know. "I have a good hiding spot. Now please just hurry! Follow the sound of my voice! I'm right here!"


George, no, you don't understand. I've lost—


At that moment she steps into view. Except that when you hear the shriek — the bloody, murderous call of the creature you saw near the cabin — you realize the magnitude of your mistake.


It's not me, Amy says. I don't want to be doing this. But I cannot stop it.


Those are her words, spoken in an approximation of her voice, but you are aware of no other presence besides yourself and that creature. You try to run, but by this time it's much too late. The thing that hunts you goofed once, and you got away. It has now gathered its primal wits about it and refuses to make that mistake twice, you can tell. You back up easily, thinking that turning and running would be fatal. The creature, however, matches you step for step.


And then you back into the rock, coming to an unexpected halt.


George, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to betray you.


You still have no idea where her words are coming from, and you don't have the time to find out. When the creature realizes it has you pinned against the rock, it makes its lunge.


THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You can't easily dismiss those sounds you heard: two distinct footfalls across the metal, matching the steps an adult human would make. But then nothing afterward, though, other than your own painful crash. The more time passes since you heard those steps, the more your overactive imagination wants to read additional details into the memory of them: were they going right-to-left, or left-to-right? Coming or going? Approaching the cabin or moving away? You know better than to dwell on any of these false analyses; the more you think about them, the more tainted the memory becomes.


Nevertheless, it is the only concrete clue you have to work with, especially since Amy seems unwilling — or unable — to respond.


There is still just enough daylight to see your way around the cluttered and overgrown yard surrounding the camp, but you'd appreciate the additional clarity offered by the LED bulb strapped to your forehead. You reach up and flick on your headlamp; a small spotlight shoots out into the drizzle, raking the tops of the dead goldenrod.


"Amy, I know you're here," you say, scanning the yard with your little beam of battery-powered light. "Just talk to me. Pretend you still like me."


The silence seems deliberate now, as if this were a game of Hide-and-Seek that she is dragging out for too long a time, for reasons you can't even begin to figure out. The weakening rain shower is still the noisiest thing out here, the drops pelting gently the metal roofs of both the camp and a nearby lean-to shed. An owl calls from somewhere across the lake: Who cooks for you? Who cooks for you A-A-A-ALL! A barred owl, uttering its long-familiar syllables.


"Amy, this isn't funny!"


The sound of something rustling behind you startles you, but when you spin around all that you see are a trio of yellow-brown leaves falling into the weeds.


Get a grip, George!


You can feel the bruise on your tailbone setting in, and moving around might help dissipate that pain. And besides, whatever you heard is no longer standing on this piece of sheet metal — only you. Earlier, Amy had entered the cabin through the open door overlooking the deck, so you decide to circle around that way, nearly tripping over a coil of cable partially obscured by the weeds. This time you catch yourself, but heaven knows what you might've landed on had you fallen again.


The deck is just as empty as it was when you last saw it. No steps lead up to it from the ground; to enter the cabin, Amy must've hoisted herself up on her hands. The structure comes to about waist level on you; the boards look eroded by the weathering process, the smooth finish chipped away by too many years of exposure to both sun and snow, the grain of the wood now forming raised ridges in the gray surfaces. The nails that held them all together are beginning to pop out, the heads now an eighth of an inch above the wood.


Still, there is no sign of your girlfriend — or anything else, for that matter. Maybe you're just chasing the paranoid fantasies of your worried brain.
> You continue looking outside.
You've only come around one corner of the cabin so far, barely covering all of the possible hiding places where Amy might be waiting for you. Stepping around the weathered deck, you freeze at the sound of broken glass beneath your boot.


Considering your luck so far, you shudder at the thought of what new injury you might've inflicted upon yourself now. Still, you turn the headlamp beam downward to your right boot, seeing the shards of an old Labatt Blue bottle beneath it. Possibly, it was already broken and you just stepped on the pieces. At least no new blasts of pain shoot up from your feet.


Still, this place is starting to seem like a mine field of bodily harm. Whatever sense of discovery and adventure you felt an hour ago is now evaporating with the dwindling daylight.


"Amy!" you shout again, the patience draining from your voice. "This is bullshit!"


Beyond the deck, the cabin wall turns a corner. You are beneath the picture window now, where the knoll underneath the structure begins to slope steeply down to the lake. It doesn't surprise you that your girlfriend isn't here; there is not really much "here" for anyone to be, including you.


The old hunting camp doesn't have a foundation. Instead, it is raised off the ground on a set of stubby concrete posts, like acrophobic stilts. They create a crawlspace a few feet high, a maw of darkness within arm's reach to your left. Any number of things could be lurking there, including…


In a quick and unpremeditated motion, you stoop and turn your head toward the crawlspace, aiming the beam of light accordingly. You have mixed thoughts on what you might find there; it would be an excellent hiding place for someone trying to spook you, but how bizarre it would be to find your girlfriend crawling on her belly in this dirty place.


What you see, though, neither relieves you nor answers any questions. There is nothing under the cabin of any consequence, just more junk: forgotten lumber, random beer bottles, discarded pints of motor oil. Nothing moves, and no eyes reflect back at you. It was worth looking, but it's like this place is rebuking your efforts to seek easy answers. You ask it to reveal Amy; "Go fish!" is the taunting response.


But as you stand back up, your light catches another detail that you almost missed.


Like the other sides of the abandoned camp, this one is sided with lumber. It had all once been painted a deep shade of red, but the pigment has worn thin over the years.


Nevertheless, someone has scratched a single word into the paint — the same cryptic statement over and over again:


THILYKOTHERIUM


THILYKOTHERIUM


THILYKOTHERIUM


THILYKOTHERIUM


THILYKOTHERIUM


It's been etched into the side of the cabin at least a dozen times, as if with the tip of a knife blade.


What the hell is Thilykotherium? Maybe a genus of some kind of rare moss? No, the word seems to bear more import than that. What that could be, though, is beyond your comprehension; you haven't the foggiest clue what "thilykotherium" means.


Another corner of the cabin looms just ahead of you. According to your mental map of the place, a door leading into the kitchen is what you'll find next, after making this turn. This will be the first door you spotted earlier, when you and Amy arrived at the end of your ten-mile hike from Deep Creek, hoping to find a scenic campsite but stumbling across so much more. By proceeding, you will be coming upon the door next to the square-blocked chimney, surrounded by the knot of goldenrod and dogwood. And in the process, you know you'll get soaked wading through all that vegetation.


Cautiously, you turn the corner. There's the door, fronted by a wooden stoop that looks a bit more solid than either the deck or the bunk room steps upon which you fell. It is all more or less just as you expected. The rain is now just a faint drizzle, and little is left of the day's gray light, but otherwise, as before, there is no Amy.


You take a step forward, but then freeze. The door is opening.


Out steps a dark figure, willowy and silent. Your first thought is that this is Amy, of course. Not only does the silhouette bear an uncanny resemblance to your girlfriend, who else could it be?


"Amy, what the hell have you been doing?" you say, eager to get answers.


But the figure on the stoop doesn't speak. It turns to face you, stepping involuntarily into the glow of your headlamp.


Amy, this is not.


What the pale beam of light exposes is a creature of brown fur, upright like a human but feline in appearance. Wet claws glisten in the light cast by your headlamp, and the eyes reflect nothing but blackness. You've startled the creature, and it doesn't seem pleased. Its lips raise to reveal a pair of lethal fangs.


What the hell, indeed!


The feral figure roars from the stoop, blocked only by the railing. The sound fills the darkening woods, more chilling than you imagine a pack of wolves might sound. Then the creature scrambles to leap over the wood railing standing in its way, a predator about to pounce on its prey.


What else can you do but run? And where else is there to go but back in the direction from which you came? The steep bank below you leads only to water, and you know so little about these woods that the only escape route that occurs to you is the driveway leading back to the hiking trail. You care not about the beer bottles in your way as you dash back around the old deck, and you leap across the tangled cable that tripped you a few minutes ago. There's the bunk room door, but what's the point in seeking shelter inside the cabin? This strange creature clearly knows how to open doors, and besides, you've already figured out there is no place to hide inside a building with smashed innards.


You can hear the creature behind you, running fast. The best you can do now is hope that your speed holds out and that the creature pursuing you can be outsmarted.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You push the storm door open the rest of the way so you can step outside and try to track down Amy. Your leading foot makes contact with the first of the two wooden steps…


But the rain has made the surface slick, and your boot slips off into space before you can steady it. Your hand clings onto the door handle like it were a lifeline, and you attempt to shift your weight back onto your other foot, the one still inside the bunk room, before you completely lose your balance. It's too late, however: the momentum of the slip is carrying you forward, and when your good foot stumbles you begin a butt-first plummet down the steps. The palm of your hand snags on the handle before gravity wrenches it from your grasp, just as your tailbone collides with the first riser. You can feel the board bouncing under your weight, but it stops shy of snapping apart altogether.


You remain frozen for a full three seconds as if to confirm the fall is over. Then pain asserts itself on your consciousness: a serious bruise at the base of your spine, and a cut on your hand you're not even sure you want to look at. The moisture trickling down your palm might be rain, or it might be blood.


Gently you rise from your unplanned seat, unsure of how well your body will cooperate. To your relief, though, and despite the sharp discomfort you feel, no bones seem to be broken; indeed, it might be best to keep moving and forget the bruising pain inflicted on your tailbone. You gently open the hand that had been injured on the door handle; the pad of soft skin below your fingers has been scraped raw by the door, but not lacerated. There will be no need to amputate, you try to joke to yourself. It's not funny, though.


So is this what happened to Amy? Did she slip and fall on these same steps, injuring herself worse than you? And is she now stuck in the rainy woods, too lame to return on her own? It's as good a theory as any, but for one flaw: When Amy left the cabin, there was no commotion other than the slamming of the storm door.


If there was a problem, though, wouldn't Amy want to be found? Even if you can't see her, she must be within earshot.


"Amy? Are you all right?" You listen for a response, but there isn't one.


"Amy? Sweetheart?"


The darkening woods are your only answer, water dripping from branches that just a few weeks ago were still heavy with leaves.


This is so not right. It is like your girlfriend were never here, like you had been imagining her presence the entire day. Or like she had been here, but now she has simply vanished. You're sure those were footsteps you heard a moment ago, the sound that first drew you to the bunk room door; not the pitter-patter of little paws, but something larger, with a deliberate pace — at least for the two noisy steps the walker made across the piece of metal roofing lying prone before you.


Or was it just your imagination? Because now that you are standing out here, with nothing to account for what you heard, you no longer feel so sure. Maybe instead of tracking ghosts around the cabin, you should focus your search a little more directly.


To take care of the "business" Amy needed to do, she would usually find a private spot in the woods — screened from view, but not far away. Looking around in the dim evening light, there is an opening in the trees across the yard. Is something stirring over there, or is it just the sound of waves on the shoreline?
> You look in the woods.
You step across the stranded sheet of old roofing, and then wade through a rain-soaked tangle of dead goldenrod standing in your path; a month ago this stuff would've been flame-tipped with late-summer blossoms, but now the leaves have browned under autumn's death-touch, and fuzzy seeds await dispersal from the same places where the flower-spikes had been — hope for a new season, many months away. And as wet foliage is wont to do, the stalks of goldenrod impart a generous share of moisture onto your pants as you pass through them.


Not that you expected to keep dry on a night like this. After emerging from the weeds, a patch of more barren ground stands between you and the woods. Off to your left is a long shed, sided with aluminum but open-fronted like a lean-to; presumably that was once a woodshed, but the structure stands empty now.


"Amy?" you call out again. "If you can hear me, let me know where you are!"


There is no response, and by this time you are no longer expecting one. This is a highly bizarre situation, so expecting a rational resolution now seems unrealistic. It reminds you of the time your friend's dog ran off once in the middle of the woods, chasing after some scent when neither of you had been paying attention; as your friend called out the dog's name over and over again, you silently thought that maybe the missing pet had been nearby chomping on a bone, blissfully unaware of the stress she was causing. Or maybe she had run miles in the wrong direction, and couldn't hear him anyway. There was no possible way of knowing, and speculating on the outcome hardly seemed helpful at the time.


Still, the nature of your current problem seems unfathomable. Amy is not some overeager pit bull chasing a squirrel, indulging a thoughtless whim. Wherever she is, and whyever she is there, a rational process had to occur between the moment she stepped out of the cabin and… and whatever the hell is going on now.


"A-a-a-a-my!" you call out, realizing after the fact that you are now sounding like your friend did that day of the missing dog.


The bare spot gives way to the woods in an abrupt transition, marked only by a low pile of scrap metal. A bank slopes downward at the same point where the trees begin, all of it already dark. You flick on the headlamp strapped around your forehead, aiming a beam of light into the woods. The light is bright, but small in origin; the beam penetrates just so far.


There is no sign of Amy, at least not in the limited reach of the light. And you can confirm now that the sound you heard really is the lake somewhere below, lapping against its shoreline. But it's not an empty wilderness into which you're peering: something light-colored is dangling from a branch about forty or fifty feet away.


However, to accomplish the, umm, task that Amy claimed she needed to do, she would've taken the easiest route. And now that you're standing on the edge of the bank, it seems odd that she would've gone all the way down there. Maybe she did what you're doing now and scoped out an option, only to rule it out. Looking around a second time, there seems to be a better spot up here on top of this bank, just behind the lean-to woodshed.


Of course, all of this is little better than a working hypothesis, since you have nothing but hunches to follow.
> You take a closer look at the object down the bank.
There are so many stray objects surrounding this cabin — structural artifacts that once served a purpose, but which have since been severed from their original context and left to decay — that the odds seem high this object in the tree is nothing relevant. Still, a potential clue is a potential clue, and the sad fact is Amy has disappeared on you without leaving you much to work with.


To enter the woods, though, you first need to cross the scrap metal. It is not a big pile, just a scattering of junk left at the edge of the woods. Unlike most of the other junk you've seen so far today, which was peeled off the cabin by forces of nature and left where it happened to fall, this is a collection of stuff that had been left here intentionally: discarded roofing panels, a curlicued strip of banding, other things obscured by a layer of wet, fallen leaves. Were it not for your recent experience on the steps, from which your tailbone still smarts and your hand still burns, you might step across this stuff without much concern.


When the ground ceases to crunch, leaving only the soft feel of duff underneath your boots, you walk a little easier. And as you get closer to your destination, the object before you comes into better focus.


It's a plastic grocery bag, left dangling from a balsam twig. And when you get close enough to see the details, you recognize it beyond all doubt:


Amy's toiletry bag.


It may just be a bag of toilet paper and sanitizer, but it's the most tangible evidence you've seen so far. She was here, and you're following the right instincts! But where is she now?


By turning your head about, the headlamp beam illuminates the surrounding patch of ground. And what you find is chilling: shredded rags of nylon and polyester, all in the pastel colors that Amy had been wearing. You pick up a sleeve of what had been her rain jacket, purple and ragged. The bits of pink strewn all about matches the color of the long-sleeved shirt she had been wearing.


But Amy herself? You examine the scattered rags more closely, tamping back a building wave of panic, terrified at what you might find. You fall to your knees, groping at the ground. The ground is wet and muddy, and your fingers become speckled with dirt and dead balsam needles, but there is no—


Well, let's not dwell on what you're not finding. The important thing is that you found the place where your girlfriend had been, but she's not here now. The shredded clothing — and shredded does seem to be the most accurate descriptor — tells you as much about what happened as if you had found the molted feathers of a blue jay, or the discarded skin of a snake. You at least now know she was here a short time ago, but you can only theorize the type of violence that clearly must've occurred.


Violence. Thinking the word changes the entire experience. Until now Amy was merely missing, perhaps just playing some prank; eventually the game would end and your weekend adventure could continue. But now, this. She had come out here alone, and something had attacked.


Or someone.


On impulse you spin around, shining the headlamp beam in almost a full circle, scanning your surroundings. The implication of this discovery is the realization you are not alone!


As before, you see nothing definitive. Still, you have all the evidence you need to know you are in danger — you just don't know the nature of that danger. Part of you wants to see what else you can find here, but your sense of self-preservation is screaming at you: Get back inside that damn cabin!
> You explore.
Something is disastrously wrong here, way beyond the range of ways a hiking trip might go amiss. Every week you read the ranger reports, the brief write-ups highlighting the various ways people typically get hurt and require assistance when visiting the Adirondack wilderness. In almost every case the victim is easily located, and the problem is satisfactorily resolved; occasionally the search becomes a recovery, in which a body is discovered under grim circumstances and hauled out of a rugged environment. But never is the story abruptly abandoned at the discovery of some torn clothing, because the forest rangers are too afraid to continue looking.


So… Amy was here, until something happened. But what? And where is she now? All day long you had been convinced the two of you had hiked into a region where no one else has been in a long time. The trail that led you here appeared less and less used the longer you hiked, until you reached the final five miles and became convinced no one else had been here in at least a year. Then you stumbled across the abandoned driveway leading to the abandoned hunting camp, suggesting a human history to this place you had not previously contemplated.


When you had planned this trip, grasping at whatever information you could find online, no one had anything to say about Shingle Shanty Lake. It was like a black hole of internet knowledge: no facts, no insights, no AllTrails reviews had escaped the gravitational pull of secrecy. There could only be two reasons, of course: either no one had been here, which seemed unlikely; or Shingle Shanty was a place of exceptional solitude and beauty, a gem the locals refused to share. Like a naive fool you assumed the latter scenario, never once dreaming there may be a third option:


Perhaps no one who's visited this place has survived to share the knowledge.


This thought puts you on alert. Amy didn't just rip her own clothing into shreds and run off into the woods naked. Someone had overpowered her, taking her against her will.


You are not alone. From this point forward, you must keep quiet. Somewhere in this growing darkness some creep already knows you're here — has been tracking you ever since the two of you first approached this remote place. You had assumed Shingle Shanty was secretive and inaccessible; the presence of the driveway should've tipped you off to the fact there is another way to get here.


Perhaps it would be better to turn off your headlamp, but the twilight is fading fast and soon you won't be able to see at all. The light may be telegraphing your presence to your unknown assailant, but without it you won't be able to find what happened to Amy.


So, what does the evidence tell you? Besides the plastic bag and shredded clothing, there must be signs of a struggle. If some creep-o jumped her and dragged her away to his lair, you should see where they went. Frantically you pass the beam of light back and forth across the forest floor, puzzled why the ground isn't disturbed more than it is. At best, all you can see is a slight trail of scuffed-up leaves. It's not enough to suggest someone was dragged away against their will, but it's the clearest sign of someone's presence other than the pieces of fabric.


With little else to go on, you follow the faint track. The alternating right-left pattern, each upturned leaf a stride apart, leads downslope toward the lake. Once you figure out the pattern, like the tracks of someone running, you increase your own pace. Whatever happened here, and whoever it is you're following, you are now more than half an hour late to the party.


And before you know it, you are kicking your way through a midden pile.


Midden: a now-obscure word for a phenomenon that was once quite common. Before the age of recycling, when the world came to be seen as a system of finite resources, it had once been a widespread practice to simply toss refuse out in some empty place in the woods — season after season, year after year.


Cans crumple under your feet, and glass crunches. You come to an immediate halt, seeing the sea of beer cans and old liquor bottles spread before you. None of this is recent: the beer cans are rusted into curious artifacts; none of the bottles have labels. Genesee, Schlitz, Black Label — an entire collection of mid-century, post-war alcohol consumption, each can featuring the teardrop-shaped hole of a pull tab.


The midden is almost old enough to have anthropological significance, and it covers at least a quarter of an acre. And here you are, ankle deep in it.


The best you can do is step gingerly, but no matter where you go you'll be crunching steel, aluminum, and glass. Each incremental movement forward will be a noisy affair, at precisely the moment you're trying to be quiet and stealthy. But if this was the direction in which Amy was taken—


Before you can take another step, you are arrested by the sound of a fearsome shriek, like that of a wild beast that is at least as big as you are. This is no bear, no owl. Your first thought is coy-dog, but you've never heard a howl quite like this. It is a call filled with murderous intent, made by a creature that knows only the language of blood.


And it is maybe fifty feet behind you.


Reflexively you turn, the headlamp beam following your gaze. There, at the same spot where you had found Amy's tattered clothing, is a creature unlike anything you've ever seen before.


Tall and bipedal like a person, fur-covered like a beast. Claws at the tip of each appendage, fangs reflected in the light emanating from your forehead. Eyes black and colorless. Nothing like it should exist, and yet there it is, more willowy and feline than any depiction of Sasquatch you've ever seen, but also more real and tangible.


The fate that Amy met seems a bit less mysterious now. The creature bares its fangs and raises its foreclaws at you, signifying its intention to pounce. Midden pile or no, only one response seems available to you now.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>There are so many stray objects surrounding this cabin — structural artifacts that once served a purpose, but which have since been severed from their original context and left to decay — that the odds seem high this object in the tree is nothing relevant. Still, a potential clue is a potential clue, and the sad fact is Amy has disappeared on you without leaving you much to work with.


To enter the woods, though, you first need to cross the scrap metal. It is not a big pile, just a scattering of junk left at the edge of the woods. Unlike most of the other junk you've seen so far today, which was peeled off the cabin by forces of nature and left where it happened to fall, this is a collection of stuff that had been left here intentionally: discarded roofing panels, a curlicued strip of banding, other things obscured by a layer of wet, fallen leaves. Were it not for your recent experience on the steps, from which your tailbone still smarts and your hand still burns, you might step across this stuff without much concern.


When the ground ceases to crunch, leaving only the soft feel of duff underneath your boots, you walk a little easier. And as you get closer to your destination, the object before you comes into better focus.


It's a plastic grocery bag, left dangling from a balsam twig. And when you get close enough to see the details, you recognize it beyond all doubt:


Amy's toiletry bag.


It may just be a bag of toilet paper and sanitizer, but it's the most tangible evidence you've seen so far. She was here, and you're following the right instincts! But where is she now?


By turning your head about, the headlamp beam illuminates the surrounding patch of ground. And what you find is chilling: shredded rags of nylon and polyester, all in the pastel colors that Amy had been wearing. You pick up a sleeve of what had been her rain jacket, purple and ragged. The bits of pink strewn all about matches the color of the long-sleeved shirt she had been wearing.


But Amy herself? You examine the scattered rags more closely, tamping back a building wave of panic, terrified at what you might find. You fall to your knees, groping at the ground. The ground is wet and muddy, and your fingers become speckled with dirt and dead balsam needles, but there is no—


Well, let's not dwell on what you're not finding. The important thing is that you found the place where your girlfriend had been, but she's not here now. The shredded clothing — and shredded does seem to be the most accurate descriptor — tells you as much about what happened as if you had found the molted feathers of a blue jay, or the discarded skin of a snake. You at least now know she was here a short time ago, but you can only theorize the type of violence that clearly must've occurred.


Violence. Thinking the word changes the entire experience. Until now Amy was merely missing, perhaps just playing some prank; eventually the game would end and your weekend adventure could continue. But now, this. She had come out here alone, and something had attacked.


Or someone.


On impulse you spin around, shining the headlamp beam in almost a full circle, scanning your surroundings. The implication of this discovery is the realization you are not alone!


As before, you see nothing definitive. Still, you have all the evidence you need to know you are in danger — you just don't know the nature of that danger. Part of you wants to see what else you can find here, but your sense of self-preservation is screaming at you: Get back inside that damn cabin!
> You retreat.
The thought occurs to you that you can't help Amy if something happens to you, too. Everything you own — or rather, everything you brought with you — is back inside that cabin. And if nothing else, you will be surrounded by four walls — and three doors you can maybe lock shut.


Leaving the plastic bag and the tattered rags behind, you dash up the hill as fast as you can, turning off the headlamp as you reenter the clearing. The cabin stands before you, as dark as the forest surrounding it. What a queer turn of events that has made this place seem like your safest option! The storm door leading into the bunk room flaps gently in a weak breeze, making you wish you had did a better job at shutting it.


Taking a quick look around at the clearing, nothing seems different; as far as what your senses can determine, you are still alone. Only your imagination thinks differently on that point.


Before these circumstances change, you dash through the patch of dead goldenrod toward the bunk room door, slowing only when you reach the slippery steps. You pull the door open wide and take a giant step directly into the entrance, lest you slip again and do even more damage to your body. Once inside, you close both doors shut behind you — realizing only then there is no lock.


There should be silence, but how can you tell with the pounding of your heart? You can barely even control your heavy breathing, even though you know you must. It has only been a few minutes since you were last inside this place, but during that time any number of things might've happened; before you can feel remotely safe again, you need to verify you're the only person here.


Immediately you realize one thing has changed: it is now too dark inside this half-ruined structure to see much detail. Everything is a shadow. Despite the risk of catching someone's attention, you turn on the headlamp again. The beam of light seems bigger and brighter now that you're in this confined space, and not just shining it into the depths of the wilderness. You see the shards of paneling and plaster, the leaves and the broken glass, the stains of mold forming on parts of the ceiling and walls.


Then you step back down the hallway to the big room at the far end of the cabin, and you see what's left of the two backpacks.


They've been shredded, just like Amy's clothing.


But no one else is here, though; that much is easy to determine, since so many of the interior walls have been smashed. Whoever did this snuck in and then left in a hurry. His intent wasn't to steal your gear, apparently, just to destroy it, as if in a mindless rage against backpacking equipment. Both packs have been sliced in parallel gashes down their front sides, with packets of freeze-dried food and articles of down being the secondary casualties. Feathers and rice bleed out from both packs onto the floor, like the entrails of these two disemboweled creatures.


Once more you realize you are not alone as you want to think. You still don't know completely what happened to Amy, but now it's you who must be facing the most immediate threat. And this rotten old hunting camp no longer seems like an effective barrier against anything. Instead, it looks and smells more like a fetid tomb.


Something shuffles through the vegetation just outside the deck-facing door. Footsteps, about the size of a man's, walking around the outside of the camp. You're still standing beside the picnic tables, headlamp on the brightest setting. Not that you were ever really hiding, but there's no invisibility for you now.


The person is stepping around the deck, around a corner of the cabin. As you follow his footsteps, one by one through the weedy grounds, your attention is drawn to the big picture window on the other side of the twin tables.
> Next page.
  think he's still alive."


A boot taps your ribcage again to make sure.


"Yep," another voice says. "Can't say as I'm surprised, though. There wasn't any blood."


"Looks like we got here just in time?"


"Yeah, but Thilyko got away. Again."


"I can't believe my shot missed."


"The night ain't over yet."


The voices are floating above you as if in a fog, and you feel like you might be floating in it as well. Nothing about your present circumstance makes sense; one moment you were waiting for… something?… someone?… to appear in a window, and the next you're…


All right, details are starting to come in. You're lying on a floor. Yes. You can feel the hard surface against your shoulder, the bruised tailbone throbbing dully like a foghorn in your clouded state of mind. You send out a hand to feel for the floorboards, hoping that contact with something solid will help steady yourself against this drifting sensation. Orientation once more within the universe, that's all you want. As you reach out into the void, your fingers brush pass something wet and mushy. The moss growing under the leaky roof, perhaps?


"He's coming around."


"Who do you suppose he is? Should we check for ID?"


"You know they wouldn't carry any."


"But still…"


"I figure he's military intelligence, sent up straight from Washington, and—"


"Not DEC? You know they're just as—"


"Nah, he ain't no Statey, otherwise we'd know him."


"He's gonna have a fun time filing this report, then. Snared by their own trap!"


"This is the kinda thing that doesn't go in a report. They wouldn't want that getting FOIL'ed."


Two voices, both male, unknown origin. They speak as though through a window, and not just because of the fog of your mental disorientation; their words are slightly muffled, like those of a bank teller's. You can't see them, because you can't see anything in this pitch-blackness.


Until you realize the darkness is being caused by the fact your eyes are shut. When you open them, you see the gaping hole in the ceiling, residual rain water dripping from a dangling piece of pink insulation, the drops missing your face by not too many inches. Two figures stand over you, both armed with shotguns or rifles or something, their faces shielded with plastic visors.


"Good morning, sweetheart!" the man to your right says. It is difficult to gauge his expression behind that face shield, let alone recognize any identifiable features. "I'd ask your name, but we already know you wouldn't give us a straight answer."


"I'm George," you say, propping yourself uneasily on your elbows, unsure of whether these guys are here to help or hurt you.


"Or Tim. Or Robert. Or Calvin. We know how it is; a lie is a lie is a lie. It's best to not insult our intelligence more than you have to."


You realize now what the visors are, and why the voices sound so odd: both men are wearing gas masks. That seems like a striking overreaction to COVID-19, isn't it? They breathe almost mechanically through circular filters below their chins, making their faces look something like aardvarks. From the neck down, they are clad in black tactical-style clothing.


"What are you guys supposed to be?" you say, the fog in your brain perhaps muddling your choice in words. "Is this a SWAT raid?"


The man on the left guffaws into his breathing apparatus. "Ha! No, we're something even better."


From what you can see of him, he has a short built and almost no neck. Despite the clothing, which bears no insignias of any kind, he lacks the physique to go with it: his bulk is mostly flab, not muscle. The other man, the one standing to your right, is more wiry. Their outfits are similar, but not identical; this tells you they aren't uniforms, but rather costumes purchased through different catalogs.


Just then you realize that far from being pitch black as you thought a moment ago, there is indeed a bright light illuminating both of your guests and the rotten ceiling above them. And the source of that light is the headlamp strapped to your skull. Apparently you've been passed out on the floor of the cabin, draining this little battery all the while. How long have you been here? And why?


Both men grip their guns firmly in front of them, but neither weapon is pointed at you.


"Am I in trouble?" you say, drawing your legs closer to you and easing into a full sitting position. You try not to wince when your tailbone objects to the motion.


The wiry guy speaks carefully through the filter. "You would know better than us."


Clearly something odd is going on here, and as more of your neurons come back online it is becoming easier to process the sensory details. Yes, you are still on the floor of the squalid old cabin, with two shredded backpacks just beyond arm's reach. It is nighttime, and you still see no sign of Amy. These two men are fearful of something, and they aren't quite sure what to make of you. Quite possibly, they're making false assumptions about your identity.


"Can I at least stand up?" you say, resisting the reflex to raise your hands.


"I don't know. Can you?"


You interpret that as an assent. But your body is wobblier than you expected; you need to brace yourself on the nearest table to achieve a fully upright position.


Once you complete this action, you have a better view of the two gas-masked men. Both are middle-aged, easily in their fifties. The flabby man has a bushy beard, the whiskers defying containment by the mask. The wiry man has just a Wyatt Earp-style handlebar mustache, less ambitious than his comrade's facial hair but clearly well-groomed. They watch you carefully through the plastic face shields.


"I'm not sure what happened," you say. "I must've passed out."


"I warned you not to insult our intelligence," the wiry man says. "We know all about Agenda 21."
> Next page.
You are about to ask for clarification when your sense of self-preservation intervenes. You may not have the foggiest idea what "Agenda 21" is, but the agenda part screams of conspiracy theories. Best to tread gently through these waters: it's difficult to reason with people whose sense of purpose is built on the self-congratulatory notion they can perceive more than the average citizen. You've dealt with the type before, albeit infrequently and rarely in person; to them "common knowledge" is an opiate on which society has been sedated. Either you can see past the illusions and be among the chosen few, or you are just another dupe.


This makes your current situation doubly disconcerting: one moment you were searching the grounds for Amy, then you were trying to evade the sounds of someone approaching. Finally you wake up on the floor, with a sizable gap in your memory. Were these the people you heard? Did they have something to do with Amy's disappearance? At least the guns aren't trained on you.


"Have you seen my girlfriend?" you say. "She disappeared before sunset."


The two men look at each other, then back to you. "Girlfriend. Is that what you guys are calling it now?" the wiry man says.


Conspiracy theorists for sure, although now you wish you've been paying more attention to these things. What is Agenda 21? Does this have anything to do with Roswell, or maybe a plot against the president?


"Her name is Amy. She stepped out to go pee, and I haven't seen her since."


"Who are you?" the flabby man says. "And what the hell are you doing here?" He says the word "here" like there is something significant about this place.


"We were just backpacking, and—"


"Backpacking?"


"Yeah, and—"


"You aren't Tree Huggers, are you?" Flabby says. But before you can respond, or even process the insinuations behind the question, Wiry cuts in: "How did you even find out about this place?"


Is that supposed to be a trick question? "I saw it on a map, and I just wanted—"


"A map?"


"Yeah, and—"


Wiry and Flabby chuckle knowingly to each other, the further details of your explanation of no apparent interest to them. Nevertheless, you detect a slight relaxation in their stances, as if you've just said something to prove you're not the threat they first suspected you to be.


"Then why didn't you come prepared, Calvin?" Wiry says. You can't tell if he has deliberately or unintentionally misremembered your name.


"I don't understand," you say.


"If you knew enough that this place existed, then you should've come prepared." He taps the side of his gas mask.


"This is government land," Flabby says. "People aren't allowed to be here."


His statement strikes you as a non sequitur. This is the Adirondack Park; the state owns millions of acres of forest, and all of it is quite well known and available to the public. Clearly, though, these two dudes have a different understanding about all that.


But now you have an idea what general conspiracy category Agenda 21 might fall within. You've heard of people who believe environmentalism is merely a Trojan Horse for something far more sinister; they even did a James Bond movie with Daniel Craig on this theme a few years back. A year or two ago you stumbled across someone's WordPress blog site while Googling for something else; this particular guy seemed to have a great many beefs with a great many people, but one of his convictions was that the United Nations had ambitions to take over the world, one environmental regulation at a time. Today a new nature preserve, tomorrow a global dictatorship, if you understood all the innuendo correctly.


To bolster his point, he posted a link to a YouTube video. The link was disguised, though, and you clicked on it before you knew what it was. The video was nearly two hours long, but you saw everything you needed to see in the first thirty seconds. Ostensibly, it was recorded at a conference of some kind, sort of like a TED Talk, except that it wasn't. The speaker was a woman; she was dressed professionally, and she stood behind a podium and spoke into a large headset. If she so chose, she was free to move around and act like a charismatic public speaker, the Steve Jobs of her particular field.


There were giant curtains behind her, like you would see at a hotel convention center, as well as an attentive audience seated in neatly arranged folding chairs. The video itself was professionally produced, with multiple camera angles and seamless editing. The sound quality was excellent. Overall, it gave the basic impression of a credible event, in which a respected expert shared her knowledge on an important topic with her peers.


But beneath that initial impression, the details piled up like tractor-trailers on an icy highway. The topic was the threat the U.N. posed to yadda, yadda, yadda. All right, so that much was catnip to the faithful. But the speaker was wearing an obvious wig, her voice was halting, and the video conveniently skipped her introduction — she could've been anybody, and probably was. The audience members were almost too perfect: very little fidgeting, everyone sitting upright and paying full attention — actors hired to play a role. A banner above the podium suggested this talk was part of a larger conference for the "Open Minded," but it didn't give a date or location.


So you found it hysterical that the blogger who ran this particular WordPress site, who clearly prided his self-described ability to see through government actions and media news coverage to discern the hidden truths, was too blinded by his own biases (or too lacking in worldly experience) to recognize a staged production.


You had tried to get Amy interested in all this at the time; she had been sitting beside you, playing a game on her phone, and you had hoped perhaps the two of you could pick apart all the minutiae and have a little fun at the blogger's (and videographer's) expense. But after describing the set-up to her, as well as the way all the blogger's beliefs had been iterated in a series of angry proclamations, with all of his MOST IMPORTANT POINTS shouted in CAPITAL LETTERS — an entire treasure trove of rambling rants — Amy seemed far less impressed than you were.


"Douchebag," was all she said, barely looking away from her game. At the time you had assumed she meant the conspiracy guy, not you, as if she were trying to be a good girlfriend and agree with your observations. She was being supportive, or so you thought — but in light of her later changes, you can no longer be so sure about that.


Here you are now, though, deep in the wilderness with two people who… think this cabin is some kind of controlled government facility, maybe? Wiry and Flabby now stand a bit uncomfortably before you, shifting like anxious hobbyists dressed in their SWAT costumes, two weeks too early for Halloween. Amy's choice of words comes back to you unbidden, all this time later:


Douchebags.
> Next page.
But these douchebags have guns. Best not to forget that detail.


"Prepared for what?" you say. "Why isn't anyone supposed to know about this place?"


"You're kidding, right?" Wiry says. "You saw what was coming after you." He nods to the two packs, and for the first time you notice the fresh mouse turds scattered among the grains of spilled rice.


"There is a new Thilyko out here tonight," Flabby says. He holds up his gun, still pointed safely to the side. "I took a shot at it, but she got away."


Your attention is still lingering over the two shredded backpacks, the jagged slices ripped through the nylon. This was the threat you had been bracing yourself to face, when… when…


"You OK there, buddy? You're looking pretty pale." Wiry spins you back around to get a better look. The concern in his eyes is apparent even through the visor.


"I… I… blacked out, didn't I?"


"And it looks like you're about to again."


"It's the miasma," Flabby says. "This place is ba-a-a-d news. I'm surprised he held out this long."


"All right, Calvin," Wiry says. "Let's get you some fresh air. C'mon, easy does it."


With a firm grip on your arm he guides you onto the deck. The clouds are gone now, revealing a sky full of pinprick stars. Mars is a fiery ruby among all the cold diamond dust.


"Is that better?"


Actually, yes, although you don't say it. If by "miasma" they meant the dankness of the cabin, then yes the fresh air is much preferable.


"Cool Calvin," Flabby says behind you. "I bet that map never prepared you for this."


Wiry adds: "You have no idea what a Thilyko is, do you, Calvin?"


"Thilyko…"


"Well, Thilykotherium officially. The She-Beast."


"She sure got a good look at Calvin."


"I'd say."


She-Beasts? Agenda 21? You'd dismiss this as some kind of drug-induced paranoid Sasquatch fetish, were it not for Amy's disappearance — and the state of the two backpacks.


"NATO breeds them here. Government buys the land and shuts all the people out. Only a few of us know all about it."


"Good thing for you we came along."


"Didn't you mention you can't find your girlfriend?"


"That's one less Christmas present you'll need to buy this year."


To them it's a joke, and they chuckle in self-satisfaction to each other.


But to you the consequences of what they're suggesting are profound — preposterous, yes, but profound.


"You mean Amy's been—"


"Killed? Yep." Wiry looks very pleased inside that gas mask, with you as a newfound audience. "We think the Thilykos were going to be super-warriors—"


"We know, brother," Flabby cuts in, as if to correct him.


"—but they lost control. We thought you were just another pencil-neck from Washington coming to check on the trap."


"Instead you're the one who got caught in the trap. Next time you better bring one of these." Flabby points to his gas mask.


"All those people who've gone missing over the years, DEC says they can't find 'em. Hikers like you, wanting to get back to nature. Gone, under mysterious circumstances. The rangers search for a week, never find a trace."


"But they never look here."


Your mind is getting tired trying to keep up with these two… you're about to think of them as douchebags once again, but you don't feel like you're on a level playing field here. How can you judge, when some aspects of their wild story just happen to fit the known facts?


"Listen! You hear that?" Wiry forgets you for a moment and turns his focus toward the woods. Flabby goes silent, and even you get caught up in the moment.


Somewhere in the darkness something shrieks. Were it closer you'd think it was blood-chilling, but at this range you're prepared to dismiss it as a screech owl hunting its prey.


"There she is!" Flabby says, finally pulling the gas mask off his head.


"Looks like you might get that second shot after all, brother," Wiry says to him. Both men are taking off backpacks and stowing their breathing apparatuses inside.


"Maybe Calvin here wants a shot at this one," Flabby says, putting his pack back on. "You know, vengeance for… what'd you say her name was? Jaime?"


When you don't respond quickly enough, Wiry jumps in: "Of course he does. You can see it in his eyes!"


Actually, you have no idea what he sees in your expression, but it looks like you're about to get deputized by this duo.


"Wait, what're you guys planning to do?" you say, still about a mile behind the pace of their leaping logic.


"That's our Thilyko we just heard," Flabby says. He is holding his gun now as if offering it to you. "Probably gone back to finish off that girl of yours. Here, you're gonna need this."


"Now hold on, brother," Wiry intervenes. "Our friend here might not be into shootin' things."


Both men look expectantly at you. "We're going Thilyko hunting," Wiry continues. "You're welcome to come with us, or you can— say, were you camping out somewhere?"


"I think he was planning to camp here," Flabby says, his beard bristling outward, a creature glad to be released from its confinement.


"Well that ain't gonna work."


"And his gear got destroyed to boot."


"I have an idea," Wiry says. "You look like you need a rest, Calvin. We have a camp set up not too far from here, not hard to find at all. Why don't you go get some rest, help yourself to some Dinty Moore. We'll be back within the hour."
> You join the Thilyko hunt.
erhaps this wasn't such a good idea after all.


This is the thought you have when you first see the… what have they been calling it? The Thilykotherium, this She-Beast of theirs. You had been expecting just a black bear or something, one of the clever ones so accustomed to people that it can now pop the lids off supposedly bear-proof food canisters. That still wouldn't forgive whatever fate befell Amy, but it would've been a truth easier to digest — and explain to a coroner, should the events of this night still lead to that outcome.


However, the creature your two new companions are hunting — the creature they claim had been hunting you and your girlfriend — looks almost human.


The three of you had only had that one shriek by which to find the creature, and to you the origin of the sound had been indeterminate — somewhere to the north, or northwest, or whichever compass direction lies midway between the cabin and Deadman Mountain. With only the starlight to see by, it seemed likely you'd spend hours searching for something that would be quite good at evading you in the darkness. Therefore what was the point in trying? Their stories of missing hikers and man-killing mutants, miasmas and military conspiracies, was thrilling, sure. And if nothing else, by joining them you might learn something about Amy.


Still, though, you should've expected the night-vision goggles.


Each man had one, of course, and when Flabby loaned you his gun it came with an unspoken criticism: "Had you been prepared for this backpacking trip of yours, Calvin — I mean really prepared, not just with some rinky-dink pup tent and a toothbrush — you'd have all of these things too." At least, that was the sentiment you read into his cool expression when he handed you his shotgun and put on his goggles.


"Now, Mark," Wiry began to explain, but you almost weren't paying attention because you missed the part where your name ceased being Calvin, "just follow our lead. We'll make sure you get your shot."


By which you took to mean they were going to give you first crack at this Thilykotherium of theirs, because of course it made complete sense to them that Amy was dead, this mutant government experiment had killed her, and you had a right of vengeance to claim. Wiry and Flabby were happy to play the role of guide, taking you to your quarry. But if you were to miss, or not even fire at all, then…


Clearly, they had no intentions of letting this "Thilyko" get away a second time on the same night.


They led you back down the overgrown driveway, which as you remembered from before passed near a large boggy wetland adjoining the outlet end of the lake. Wiry was leading the way, and Flabby was right behind you, both men engrossed in the seriousness of this endeavor. It had been your intent to ask them their real names, but the concept of names seemed so fluid in their minds you weren't sure you'd get a true answer. And so they remained Wiry and Flabby, which struck you as being a tad better than douchebags, the collective name Amy might've bestowed.


Wiry stopped at a low point in the road, where it was closest to the bog. A few steps through a thin screen of trees, and he somehow managed to find a low outcropping of rock upon which all three of you could crouch.


And so here you are now, Flabby's shotgun in your hands, a douchebag on either side of you. There is no moon, just the stars and a few of the brighter planets, the storm clouds long gone. It is not much light, but it turns out to be just enough to see what you came to see.


The Thilykotherium is out across the bog, humoring itself with something you can't see in the darkness. All you can really see of it is its silhouette against the starry reflections in the lake beyond, but it's enough to see this is no bear. The figure is willowy in a way you hadn't expected, almost human, but just slightly off. It indeed does seem feminine, except that no woman you've ever met would be out in this remote bog in the middle of the night. She seems to be preoccupied with something lying in the cotton grass. Picking wild cranberries, maybe? A few unintelligible grunts, as well as glimpses of what very well could be claws at the tips of each hand, all but confirm every wild fantasy these two bushy-faced men told you back at the cabin.


Wiry nudges you with his elbow, then points silently at the shadow in the bog, helpfully in case you haven't spotted it yet. It's obvious what he wants you to do. But can you? Thoughts are cycloning through your brain faster than you can contain them, including the Agenda 21 stories, which still seem to be perforated with mile-wide holes despite the evidence before you. The douchebags, however, have so far been more correct than you had believed possible, and yet you still find it difficult to reconcile their perceptions of reality with your own understanding. Seriously, NATO? A miasma-filled cabin left as a trap? And yet you were knocked unconscious, your memory was shot full of holes, and here is the She-Beast, right where they said it would be.


And then there's Amy. No conclusive sign has yet been found of her… or at least, not from what you remember with you miasma-addled mind. Wiry and Flabby seem certain this Thilykotherium thing killed your girlfriend, and so far their scorecard for being correct isn't bad. You should be horrified. You should be racked with grief, fearing what the authorities will say when you report these incidents — when you report the (alleged) mauling of your girlfriend by a wild She-Beast. Then there will be her family to contend with; they will all be beside themselves with grief too, and her mother will of course blame you, since it was you who dragged her daughter out here, to the place of her death.


For that matter, you should be terrified for your own safety, because there's the murderous monster that (allegedly) attacked and killed a human being — the victim being someone who (allegedly) loved you once, someone to whom you had been close for years. Now her killer, a literal beast, is just twenty yards away, in the sights of your borrowed shotgun; if you don't kill the Thilykotherium, the Thilykotherium won't hesitate to kill you.


Except… none of these emotions feel as pressing as they theoretically should be: the grief, the fear, the angry need for vengeance. Instead your thoughts are tripped up in the doubts: since when did the world have Thilykotheriums in it, and where did this one come from? It's like there is a much longer story to be read here, more that should be known, but you've only been given enough evidence to force a certain conclusion.


So you adjust your grip on Flabby's shotgun, you look down its barrel, and with these thoughts chasing each other in your mind you…
> You ...pull the trigger.
There is a flash of light from the end of the barrel, and the recoil jams the butt end into your shoulder — possibly another bruise to add to your collection. The creature in the bog shrieks again, this time in pain. The buckshot spins her around but doesn't knock her over. Nevertheless, the douchebags break their silence and rise from the ledge.


"Woo-haw!" Wiry shouts with glee. "Good shot, Scott!"


"C'mon, buddy," Flabby says, grabbing you by the arm. "You got 'er good, but let's go make sure!"


The two men, dressed as they are in their amateur SWAT gear, are even darker than the Thilykotherium — and right now, they are equally noisy. They splash through a pool of water and run toward the injured creature, clearly having the time of their lives. Wiry has his own shotgun aimed and ready, and Flabby eggs him on: "Go! Go! Go! Go!"


You are swept up in the eddy of their enthusiasm, still holding Flabby's gun. The water is deeper than you expected and mud fills your boots, but you know the role you play in this scene, so you keep going. The bog itself is squishy of course, a minefield of hummocks and hidden pools of water. Maybe you don't have night-vision goggles to see your way, but you do have the next best thing: the headlamp with its LED bulb.


Not that there's any doubt where the Thilykotherium is, because she is writhing in pain. Indeed, when you catch up to the others, you find her to be absolutely spasmodic. Your shot struck her in the shoulder, a mortal wound to be sure; but the buckshot has put her into a frenzy of kicking and jabbing. She's fallen onto her back in the moss and cotton grass, thrashing with her claws as if fighting off a foe that had tackled her.


"We got ourselves a holy roller here!" Wiry says.


"Look at those claws!" Flabby shouts. "Those will make sweet trophies!"


"My wife would love a necklace made of those," Wiry agrees.


Something about this scene strikes you as inexplicably bizarre, particularly the part about the two grown men acting giddy as they preside over the death of this "She-Beast," which looks even more human now that you can see her up close. It is like someone took the gracile frame of a human body and grafted the face and fur of a mountain lion onto it, the way you might build a custom hot rod on top of an old chassis.


"She's in agony," you say, the Thilykotherium flailing in the glow of your headlamp.


"It," Wiry says, and it takes you a moment to realize he's correcting you. "Time to put it out of its misery. Go on, this one's for you. Do it for your girl."


Once more, both men are watching you expectantly, eager to see you make the kill shot. Oddly, even though you've already wounded this creature, none of your doubts have abated.


"Go on, Tim," Flabby urges you, smiling encouragingly as if you were a little tyke too shy to go play with the other kids. "There's another round in the other chamber."


You sigh. In for a penny… Now regretting every single minute since you and Amy rounded the foot of Deadman Mountain and ever laid eyes on this place, you raise the shotgun once more and step half a pace closer to the Thilykotherium. If you don't do this, Wiry will. So ultimately what's the difference? You've already inflicted great pain, so you might as well finish the job.


Wiry and Flabby have raised their goggles so they can watch this event with their own eyes. But something is wrong — when you aim the shotgun at the creatures chest, you no longer see a figure that's so distinctly strange and beast-like.


"What're you waiting for, Joe?" Wiry says, disapproval in his voice. "Every minute you permit this to go on is cruel and inhumane."


"Don't be a sissy now," Flabby says.


But that's not the issue. "Don't you see it?" you say.


"See what?"


"She's changing!" you say. Perhaps you can see it only because you're standing so close, as if you're about to club a seal. But you can see now the creature isn't writhing this wildly because of the buckshot wound to the shoulder, bad as that may be. A metamorphosis is occurring. That's the problem.


"Changing?" Wiry says, the word heavy with skepticism. But both men step closer to see what you see — to verify your fantastical claim. If only there were time to appreciate the irony.


"Holy hell," Flabby says, regretting his step forward.


Wiry doesn't say anything, not with words anyway, but the expression on his face is easy to interpret: We're screwed, it says.


Because as the three of you watch, the boundary between the two worlds the Thilykotherium had occupied a moment ago is now melting away, the feline elements reverting to their original human form. And there, thrashing in the bog grasses, is not a beast at all.


It's Amy.


Naked, insensate to everything but the double agaony of your gunshot and her transformation, bleeding profusely where the buckshot struck her. And also from the twin puncture wounds on her shin, the ones that had briefly mystified you hours ago back inside the cabin.


Slowly she becomes aware of her surroundings, and the fact that three men are standing over her. Her eyes find yours.


"George?" she says.


"Balls!" Wiry says.


"What do we do? What do we do?" Flabby says, becoming panicky.


"George?" Amy says again. "What's going on?"


"Balls!" Wiry shouts again, this time twice as loud. It's like Amy's reverse metamorphosis has spoiled something for him.


"We've got to do something!" you say. "That's Amy, that's the girlfriend I've been looking for all night long!"


"Something? Something?" Wiry says, getting a bit in your face. "I hate to tell you, but little Susie Q here is dying. You shot her, with his gun. Oh, balls!"


"We've got to stop the bleeding!" you say.


"With what?"


"Don't tell me you guys brought gas masks and night-vision goggles, but no one here has a first aid kit!"


Wiry paces through the bog, then steps back into your light. "How can we stop her bleeding when she's already bled out?" It strikes you as a statement of futility.


"We'll say it's an accident," Flabby says, but your eyes are on Amy, who already seems so pallid and cold, the heat sucked from her body quickly by the chilly October night. She's gone, before it ever occurred to you to hold her and try and comfort her. You were, after all, still holding the instrument of her death.


Wiry notices her moment of passing too, taps her shoulder with his boot to make sure. "What do you think now, Romeo?" he says to you. There are accusations in his words, even though as you recall he was just as responsible for these events as anyone.


"We'll say it was an accident," Flabby says again. He's stunned; this is what, the third or fourth time he's said the same thing? All those conspiracies he's always imagined, all those unprovable theories his mind has ever unspooled, and the reality has proven to be more unbelievable than any of you could have imagined.


"Gus here probably has the most to lose of any of us," Wiry says, looking at you. "Wouldn't you agree?"


You haven't had a chance to think that far ahead. But yes. Probably. Eventually Amy's death will have to be reported, obviously. But how exactly does one explain to the authorities that you killed your girlfriend because at that particular moment — that precise second you had pulled the trigger — she was in the form of a Thilykotherium?


Wiry takes your lack of response as agreement. "I thought so," he says. "But like we were saying earlier, people have been going missing out here for years, and no one can ever seem to find the bodies."


Without asking permission, or for help, he grabs Amy's body by the armpits and begins to drag her across the bog. Without looking to anybody in particular, he says, "I still have my gun with me. If anybody doesn't like what I'm doing, I can make sure Ruby here will have some company."


And when he reaches the end of the bog, where the cold stars reflect in the dark water of Shingle Shanty Lake, he rolls Amy over the edge.


He thinks that disposing the body is also disposing the problem you all face. But you know better than to think it will ever be this easy — out of sight, out of mind. Even if her body slipped gently into the water just now, it was in reality a cannonball splash. Waves of consequences will be rippling through your life until someone sends you, too, into the depths.


For you know the three of you — and especially you — will be seen as nothing more than murderers, once the events of this evening are known. As the stars rotate above you, circling in a heaven you'll never have the chance to visit, you kneel in the bloody bog, crushed by this new defining reality.


THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>erhaps this wasn't such a good idea after all.


This is the thought you have when you first see the… what have they been calling it? The Thilykotherium, this She-Beast of theirs. You had been expecting just a black bear or something, one of the clever ones so accustomed to people that it can now pop the lids off supposedly bear-proof food canisters. That still wouldn't forgive whatever fate befell Amy, but it would've been a truth easier to digest — and explain to a coroner, should the events of this night still lead to that outcome.


However, the creature your two new companions are hunting — the creature they claim had been hunting you and your girlfriend — looks almost human.


The three of you had only had that one shriek by which to find the creature, and to you the origin of the sound had been indeterminate — somewhere to the north, or northwest, or whichever compass direction lies midway between the cabin and Deadman Mountain. With only the starlight to see by, it seemed likely you'd spend hours searching for something that would be quite good at evading you in the darkness. Therefore what was the point in trying? Their stories of missing hikers and man-killing mutants, miasmas and military conspiracies, was thrilling, sure. And if nothing else, by joining them you might learn something about Amy.


Still, though, you should've expected the night-vision goggles.


Each man had one, of course, and when Flabby loaned you his gun it came with an unspoken criticism: "Had you been prepared for this backpacking trip of yours, Calvin — I mean really prepared, not just with some rinky-dink pup tent and a toothbrush — you'd have all of these things too." At least, that was the sentiment you read into his cool expression when he handed you his shotgun and put on his goggles.


"Now, Mark," Wiry began to explain, but you almost weren't paying attention because you missed the part where your name ceased being Calvin, "just follow our lead. We'll make sure you get your shot."


By which you took to mean they were going to give you first crack at this Thilykotherium of theirs, because of course it made complete sense to them that Amy was dead, this mutant government experiment had killed her, and you had a right of vengeance to claim. Wiry and Flabby were happy to play the role of guide, taking you to your quarry. But if you were to miss, or not even fire at all, then…


Clearly, they had no intentions of letting this "Thilyko" get away a second time on the same night.


They led you back down the overgrown driveway, which as you remembered from before passed near a large boggy wetland adjoining the outlet end of the lake. Wiry was leading the way, and Flabby was right behind you, both men engrossed in the seriousness of this endeavor. It had been your intent to ask them their real names, but the concept of names seemed so fluid in their minds you weren't sure you'd get a true answer. And so they remained Wiry and Flabby, which struck you as being a tad better than douchebags, the collective name Amy might've bestowed.


Wiry stopped at a low point in the road, where it was closest to the bog. A few steps through a thin screen of trees, and he somehow managed to find a low outcropping of rock upon which all three of you could crouch.


And so here you are now, Flabby's shotgun in your hands, a douchebag on either side of you. There is no moon, just the stars and a few of the brighter planets, the storm clouds long gone. It is not much light, but it turns out to be just enough to see what you came to see.


The Thilykotherium is out across the bog, humoring itself with something you can't see in the darkness. All you can really see of it is its silhouette against the starry reflections in the lake beyond, but it's enough to see this is no bear. The figure is willowy in a way you hadn't expected, almost human, but just slightly off. It indeed does seem feminine, except that no woman you've ever met would be out in this remote bog in the middle of the night. She seems to be preoccupied with something lying in the cotton grass. Picking wild cranberries, maybe? A few unintelligible grunts, as well as glimpses of what very well could be claws at the tips of each hand, all but confirm every wild fantasy these two bushy-faced men told you back at the cabin.


Wiry nudges you with his elbow, then points silently at the shadow in the bog, helpfully in case you haven't spotted it yet. It's obvious what he wants you to do. But can you? Thoughts are cycloning through your brain faster than you can contain them, including the Agenda 21 stories, which still seem to be perforated with mile-wide holes despite the evidence before you. The douchebags, however, have so far been more correct than you had believed possible, and yet you still find it difficult to reconcile their perceptions of reality with your own understanding. Seriously, NATO? A miasma-filled cabin left as a trap? And yet you were knocked unconscious, your memory was shot full of holes, and here is the She-Beast, right where they said it would be.


And then there's Amy. No conclusive sign has yet been found of her… or at least, not from what you remember with you miasma-addled mind. Wiry and Flabby seem certain this Thilykotherium thing killed your girlfriend, and so far their scorecard for being correct isn't bad. You should be horrified. You should be racked with grief, fearing what the authorities will say when you report these incidents — when you report the (alleged) mauling of your girlfriend by a wild She-Beast. Then there will be her family to contend with; they will all be beside themselves with grief too, and her mother will of course blame you, since it was you who dragged her daughter out here, to the place of her death.


For that matter, you should be terrified for your own safety, because there's the murderous monster that (allegedly) attacked and killed a human being — the victim being someone who (allegedly) loved you once, someone to whom you had been close for years. Now her killer, a literal beast, is just twenty yards away, in the sights of your borrowed shotgun; if you don't kill the Thilykotherium, the Thilykotherium won't hesitate to kill you.


Except… none of these emotions feel as pressing as they theoretically should be: the grief, the fear, the angry need for vengeance. Instead your thoughts are tripped up in the doubts: since when did the world have Thilykotheriums in it, and where did this one come from? It's like there is a much longer story to be read here, more that should be known, but you've only been given enough evidence to force a certain conclusion.


So you adjust your grip on Flabby's shotgun, you look down its barrel, and with these thoughts chasing each other in your mind you…
> You ...decide something's not right.
"I can't do it," you whisper.


Two sets of night-vision goggles turn toward you, but neither man responds. You can hear Wiry muttering something to your right.


You jump at the sound of his gun firing, at the brief spark of light in the darkness. He didn't take long to act when you chose not to.


"Balls," he says. "I missed."


Up until this moment everyone, you included, had been stealthily quiet, but now the gunshot has obviated that concern. "Shoot again! Shoot again!" Flabby shouts beside you. Meanwhile he tries to reclaim his gun from your grip, since you've just indicated you don't intend to use it.


Something has suddenly got them both in a panic, something they can see with their goggles that you can't see yourself. But it only takes a second to figure out what that might be. The giveaway is when you hear the sound of footsteps sprinting through the bog, each one accompanied with a splash of water. Wiry's first shot might have missed its mark, but now the Thilykotherium has you all zeroed in.


The second shot comes too late. And at any rate he has aimed low, where the creature had been just as the she is leaping across a channel of shallow water. The She-Beast leaps on him, and in the melee she thus instigates you are immediately pushed off the ledge. Like bocce balls you collide with Flabby and knock him into motion too.


The two of you land on top of each other in the water, neither able to find purchase right away. The water is only inches deep, but the mucky bottom mires your feet and fills your boots. Flabby seems just as eager to wrench the shotgun from your grasp as he does to free himself from your mutual trap, working against your efforts to rise from the water and crawl onto dry land.


Above you, on the ledge, Wiry screams. There are no words, just the horrified emotional reaction common to any animal realizing its body is about to be torn open. Then with sickening abruptness he goes silent. The Thilykotherium shrieks, much like the sound you heard before, the one you thought was a screech owl. As you anticipated at the time, this feral call is much more terrifying when heard up close. The creature seems to be declaring victory over its first kill, as well as attempting to paralyze its remaining two victims with fear. Quite effective, really.


Flabby takes the shotgun, but before he can aim it the Thilykotherium pounces on him. All you can see are shadows thrashing. "Help me!" Flabby shouts. "For the love of God get it—"


And then he too goes abruptly silent.


Without anyone wrestling with you for control of the gun, you are able to scoot backward onto dry land. The creature must know there's still one more human, one more person who had come here to kill it. You expect her lunge for your throat to come at any moment.


Tree branches scratch at your hair. You are passing through that barrier of trees growing at the edge of the driveway, then your hands feel the firm, level ground. Could it be the Thilykotherium doesn't care, that she got what she came for when she silenced Wiry and Flabby? Theories, theories. It seems all that anyone has anymore are half-baked but convenient theories that fit the known truths.


So. There you are, on the driveway, still alive but not alone. And completely lost in the dark. Sure, you have your headlamp, but all that will do is draw the She-Beast right to you. And where does one go, anyway, when one is running for his life from a Thilykotherium? Back toward the miasma-filled cabin, or into the deep woods? Neither option sounds great, to be honest.


All things considered, though, you wish you had never come to this place. You and Amy. You wish you and Amy had never come to Shingle Shanty Lake, that you had gone someplace busier instead. More people, fewer She-Beasts. Less running for your life in the dark.


How hard can it be to run down a driveway in the dark? You give it a try, heading away from the cabin, but all it takes is three steps and you're tripping head over heels — tripping over a log you never saw because there isn't enough light.


Admit it, you need that headlamp. The Thilykotherium will see you, yes, but you'll also be able to see where you're going. And maybe there's a way to outsmart the thing. So you reach up to your forehead and turn on the little beam of light, a third eye that will literally shed some light on this problem of yours.


And what you see in that beam of light is the thing you're running from, just six feet away. She had stalking you all this time — lean, hungry, and merciless.


THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>But these douchebags have guns. Best not to forget that detail.


"Prepared for what?" you say. "Why isn't anyone supposed to know about this place?"


"You're kidding, right?" Wiry says. "You saw what was coming after you." He nods to the two packs, and for the first time you notice the fresh mouse turds scattered among the grains of spilled rice.


"There is a new Thilyko out here tonight," Flabby says. He holds up his gun, still pointed safely to the side. "I took a shot at it, but she got away."


Your attention is still lingering over the two shredded backpacks, the jagged slices ripped through the nylon. This was the threat you had been bracing yourself to face, when… when…


"You OK there, buddy? You're looking pretty pale." Wiry spins you back around to get a better look. The concern in his eyes is apparent even through the visor.


"I… I… blacked out, didn't I?"


"And it looks like you're about to again."


"It's the miasma," Flabby says. "This place is ba-a-a-d news. I'm surprised he held out this long."


"All right, Calvin," Wiry says. "Let's get you some fresh air. C'mon, easy does it."


With a firm grip on your arm he guides you onto the deck. The clouds are gone now, revealing a sky full of pinprick stars. Mars is a fiery ruby among all the cold diamond dust.


"Is that better?"


Actually, yes, although you don't say it. If by "miasma" they meant the dankness of the cabin, then yes the fresh air is much preferable.


"Cool Calvin," Flabby says behind you. "I bet that map never prepared you for this."


Wiry adds: "You have no idea what a Thilyko is, do you, Calvin?"


"Thilyko…"


"Well, Thilykotherium officially. The She-Beast."


"She sure got a good look at Calvin."


"I'd say."


She-Beasts? Agenda 21? You'd dismiss this as some kind of drug-induced paranoid Sasquatch fetish, were it not for Amy's disappearance — and the state of the two backpacks.


"NATO breeds them here. Government buys the land and shuts all the people out. Only a few of us know all about it."


"Good thing for you we came along."


"Didn't you mention you can't find your girlfriend?"


"That's one less Christmas present you'll need to buy this year."


To them it's a joke, and they chuckle in self-satisfaction to each other.


But to you the consequences of what they're suggesting are profound — preposterous, yes, but profound.


"You mean Amy's been—"


"Killed? Yep." Wiry looks very pleased inside that gas mask, with you as a newfound audience. "We think the Thilykos were going to be super-warriors—"


"We know, brother," Flabby cuts in, as if to correct him.


"—but they lost control. We thought you were just another pencil-neck from Washington coming to check on the trap."


"Instead you're the one who got caught in the trap. Next time you better bring one of these." Flabby points to his gas mask.


"All those people who've gone missing over the years, DEC says they can't find 'em. Hikers like you, wanting to get back to nature. Gone, under mysterious circumstances. The rangers search for a week, never find a trace."


"But they never look here."


Your mind is getting tired trying to keep up with these two… you're about to think of them as douchebags once again, but you don't feel like you're on a level playing field here. How can you judge, when some aspects of their wild story just happen to fit the known facts?


"Listen! You hear that?" Wiry forgets you for a moment and turns his focus toward the woods. Flabby goes silent, and even you get caught up in the moment.


Somewhere in the darkness something shrieks. Were it closer you'd think it was blood-chilling, but at this range you're prepared to dismiss it as a screech owl hunting its prey.


"There she is!" Flabby says, finally pulling the gas mask off his head.


"Looks like you might get that second shot after all, brother," Wiry says to him. Both men are taking off backpacks and stowing their breathing apparatuses inside.


"Maybe Calvin here wants a shot at this one," Flabby says, putting his pack back on. "You know, vengeance for… what'd you say her name was? Jaime?"


When you don't respond quickly enough, Wiry jumps in: "Of course he does. You can see it in his eyes!"


Actually, you have no idea what he sees in your expression, but it looks like you're about to get deputized by this duo.


"Wait, what're you guys planning to do?" you say, still about a mile behind the pace of their leaping logic.


"That's our Thilyko we just heard," Flabby says. He is holding his gun now as if offering it to you. "Probably gone back to finish off that girl of yours. Here, you're gonna need this."


"Now hold on, brother," Wiry intervenes. "Our friend here might not be into shootin' things."


Both men look expectantly at you. "We're going Thilyko hunting," Wiry continues. "You're welcome to come with us, or you can— say, were you camping out somewhere?"


"I think he was planning to camp here," Flabby says, his beard bristling outward, a creature glad to be released from its confinement.


"Well that ain't gonna work."


"And his gear got destroyed to boot."


"I have an idea," Wiry says. "You look like you need a rest, Calvin. We have a camp set up not too far from here, not hard to find at all. Why don't you go get some rest, help yourself to some Dinty Moore. We'll be back within the hour."
> You go to the campsite.
hen you reach the douchebag camp, you find it to be something of a disappointment.


It looks like a tepee made with two blue roofing tarps wrapped around a series of wood poles. That might be fine, except for the fact the tarps are old and full of holes, as if they've been sitting out here in this place for many years, the plastic beginning to rot in the perpetual UV ray exposure. The patch of ground surrounding it looks worn, like it has been tread by many feet — or more likely, by the same feet many, many times. Bud Light cans are strewn everywhere, discarded; the faded blue logo and thin layers of grime tell you that some of these were emptied and forgotten a long time ago.


Thus your first impression is that of an animal warren, where the animals in this case spend much of their energy growing unnecessary amounts of facial hair and thinking too much about NATO and Agenda 21. But, all things considered, it is a shelter, and ever since the demise of the backpacks tonight your shelter options have become binary: either here or back at the miasma-filled cabin.


When you pull back a loose corner of tarp and behold the inside for the first time, you almost reconsider which of the two options would really be better. Here, in addition to empty Bud Light cans, you find a similarly-empty Pringles can, as well as a half-empty bag or tortilla chips, the other half being a soggy mass of corn chip mush. It's a wonder this place hasn't been ransacked by hungry black bears.


Help yourself to some Dinty Moore, Wiry had told you. Indeed there are several cans of beef stew lying around, some still sealed and others recently emptied. Strangely, though, you don't feel hungry, despite everything that happened today — or perhaps because of it.


Whatever happened to you back in the cabin, whether it was that so-called "miasma" or some other stimulus, you feel disoriented, incomplete. You remember a ten-mile hike, you remember finding the cabin, you remember the rain. You remember Amy stepping out to leave, but from there your memory is Swiss cheese. You looked? …but couldn't find anything? …or was there something? For a second you think you have it… but then no.


Perhaps it was a "miasma," something about the fetid air inside that structure that emptied your mind of recent experiences. Perhaps it would have emptied you of much more than that, had you not been awakened. And if so, does this mean you owe Wiry and Flabby a debt of gratitude for saving your life?


Despite the rain earlier, the sky remains clear. The air is cool, but that is typical for October. This is a nice night, actually, and had your original plans not been so derailed you imagine that you'd be sitting beside Amy right now, kicking back, a blazing little fire at your feet. Even Amy would've found that enjoyable, a reason to enjoy the moment and keep her complaints to herself for a few hours.


You decide you have no interest in the tepee right now, that you'd prefer to be outside; you've already spent too much time in one questionable structure, and look what happened.


A fire would be nice. The douchebags have an ashy firepit nearby, the coals still warm from a recent blaze. A haphazard pile of sticks lies nearby. You find their char-tipped poker stick and used it to kick aside the charred cans and melted glass. The douchebags have some birch bark and cigarette lighters handy, and soon you have a small little fire burning. It only occupies a quarter of the fire pit's total area; their fires must be big enough to roast pigs.


As Wiry had promised, this place wasn't hard to find.


"See that trail?" he said, the three of you standing in the little clearing near the camp where the driveway split. He and Flabby were about to set off to go slay the Thilykotherium and were eager to get started. "You see it?" he said again.


"Yeah, I see it."


"Good. Follow it past the old dock. Keep left. The trail will look like it's about to disappear on you, but then it scoots up a hill toward an old truck. When you get to it, stand with your back to the driver's side door. Our camp will be a hundred feet straight ahead, at the foot of a large pine."


It seemed like a lot to remember, but in the light of your headlamp the trail wasn't that hard to follow, and the old truck was right where he said it would be — a Jeep no less, from the late 1940s you estimated. From there, the trail of old Bud Light cans was unmistakable.


"We shan't be gone long!" Wiry said, he and is friend already heading in the opposite direction. "This Thilyko won't be hurting anyone else when we're done with it!"


Now you are putzing around their campsite by yourself, stepping around the little campfire you've started and constantly feeding it twigs picked up off the ground. You know exactly what it is you're doing: keeping yourself busy, trying not to dwell on the fact that Amy isn't here. What is it that you found, or didn't find, before you blacked out? It bugs you that you can't remember.


But it bugs you even more that you don't know what happened to her. Is she really gone? Is she hurt, unable to make her way back? It's no surprise that you can't eat, that you can't sit still, that you'll almost certainly get no sleep tonight.
> Next page.
When you hear the gunshots, it seems like hours have passed since you parted company with Wiry and Flabby. But in reality it's probably only been a few minutes.


So, it's done. You have no idea what a Thilykotherium is, or if there really is such a thing. Genetically engineered NATO soldiers gone wild? There are several layers of unbelievability in that pile of stinking bull crap. Most likely they've just shot a black bear out of season, or without a license, or whichever of the big game laws they've just violated.


This probably means they'll be returning any moment now, flush with their success and ready for another round of cajoling you. In all likelihood, one of them will throw an armful of wood on top of your twig fire and turn it into a small bonfire, around which they'll fill your ears with more of their pearls of doubtful wisdom. Clearly they've discerned you're not a believer yourself, and so they'll naturally spend the rest of the evening attempting to proselytize this new heathen they've stumbled across.


As soon as they return.


Which could be any minute now.


          Any.


                    Cotton-pickin'.


                               Minute.


It seems like you've already done this before, the waiting for someone to return — someone who never does return, no matter how long you wait. People leave you, setting off on what they promise will be a quick task, certain in the results. But then the minutes become bloated with unfulfilled expectation as you put your own life on pause, waiting, passing the time by imagining what the holdup might be, until eventually so much time passes that the only possible explanations seem to be the tragic ones.


So here you are again, pacing around the little fire you've been tending, casting a restless shadow on the tarp tepee. When you were certain of their imminent return, you were dreading it, since you're not entirely enamored of this douchebag entourage, as much as you've benefited to a degree from their company. But now that they have failed to return you can't help but feel betrayed a little. Distinctly let down.


Little noises in the woods start to get your attention more. A mouse traipses across the newly-fallen leaf litter, and it sounds like a coy-dog stalking you in the darkness; a gentle breeze rustles the pine boughs above you, and it sounds like distant voices, an entire crowd of people just around the hill.


You begin to regret the decision to start a fire. The light has impaired your ability to sift through the shadows, and when you look into the woods all you see is darkness. Although this particular place might be new to you, you've been hiking in the Adirondacks a few times a year ever since you were a boy, tagging along on your uncle's fishing trips. These experiences hardly qualify you as an outdoor expert, but you had always had the impression this was a benign wilderness.


But not tonight. Something in the woods surrounding this lake seems intent on isolating you, by causing each of your companions to vanish without explanation, as though the wilderness itself were enforcing its rules of solitude.


Where man is a visitor who does not remain. You read that somewhere, you can't remember when. Forget all that conspiracy hooey about restricted zones controlled by the military; this is protected state land, and there are special regulations or something that apply to a few key areas, including this one. A primitive and unconfined type of recreation; opportunities for solitude. It struck you as being absurd that anyone would feel the need to codify the obvious, since what else would anyone do in a wild area? Nevertheless, you're pretty sure those phrases are actual things that exist somewhere, closely guarded by the state bureaucracy.


A visitor who does not remain. Well then, if they don't remain then where is everybody going tonight?


As the temperature drops, you wish you had taken the time to salvage more stuff from your backpack — assuming there was anything worth salvaging. There was both a wool sweater and a down jacket in there, as well as your sleeping bag. It's quite possible all of that had been shredded, though, making you even more dependent on the douchebags and this messy camp of theirs.


George.


At first you dismiss the whispering of your name, assuming it's just the breeze in the pine tree that's acting on your increasingly hyperactive imagination. Until you hear it again.


George!


It's a voice, though not necessarily a spoken one. You spin around, thinking maybe it's just Wiry and Flabby trying to spook you, but again all you see is darkness.


"Who's there?" you say, hoping to put this unseen prankster on notice that you're paying attention and won't let yourself be fooled.


Come here. George, you're not safe.


Now come on now, as if you weren't creeped out enough already! "I don't know who you are, but I need you to step into the light where I can see you!"


You know who I am, George.


This voice doesn't seem to be originating from any specific point. It simply is, and you can sense it clearly even if you have no idea how near or far the speaker is.


But it's right, you do know who it is: it's Amy.


"If that's you, honey, let me see you! You gave me a good scare today! You've been gone for hours."


When there is no response, you start to feel foolish for speaking to this audience of trees. For if her voice has no acoustical presence you can detect, then what else could it be but your own thoughts gone wild?


But then you sense it again: George, come!


This time you do get a better sense of its origin — but when you turn on your headlamp and shine it in that direction, all you see is the seventy-year-old Jeep.
> You stay put.
Nope. Not gonna happen. George is not going to follow some disembodied voice toward a Jeep that looks like it had been burned out decades before you were even born. Is that what happened to everybody else? They obeyed the whispers?


George! it implores again, but you say to yourself aloud, "I'm not hearing this, I'm not hearing this. I am not losing my mind! I am not losing my mind!"


Of course, you're not convinced you can believe any of that; your mind is like a house knocked off its foundation, sinking into the mud. You decide the twig fire isn't nearly big enough, and so you gather some of the bigger pieces of woods gathered by the two douchebags and watch as the flames grow. What if all this were a dream, and in reality you're still passed out on the floor of the cabin, the miasma poisoning your bloodstream and mice fattening themselves on your freeze-fried food?


Thilykotheriums. Agenda 21. Ghost voices penetrating your skull. People stepping away for a moment and not returning. The thought occurs to you to reach your hand into the fire and grab one of the hottest coals; you'll know this current situation is reality if the coal burns your palm. If this is just a dream, the imagined pain will jar you awake.


Footsteps in the woods. Distinct, slow, but getting closer. And most importantly, too big to be a mouse.


"So are you going to tell me who's coming?" you say, but the disembodied voice doesn't respond. Has it, too, abandoned you?


Whatever is approaching, it's heading straight toward the campsite. Deer? Fox? Turkey? No, those seem unlikely; wild animals wouldn't wander toward a large fire like the one you've been stoking. But then what else could it be?


The leaves are so thick out here that nothing could pass through these woods unheard. And with this fire you've just built up, you can't go unseen. You feel naked, exposed just standing here, feeling tethered to this campsite because you know nowhere else to go. Just in case, you eye what looks like a sturdy length of wood from the pile, pulling it free so you can wield like a club, should things come to that.


But then the footsteps fade away, as if they had never been there at all — yet another thing abandoning you on this most awful of nights. However, you're not buying it, not this time. You're sure you heard something large approaching. You're sure it's still out there, just beyond the glow being cast by the fire.


You lift your club-stick, making sure it's plain for anyone to see. "Amy, is that you?"


No response.


"I know you're out there! There's no point in playing games."


You should have left the light while you still had the chance. There's nothing I can do to protect you now.


"Say what?"


I'm not the one in control.


"Amy, is that really you, honey? I'm afraid I don't understand."


The response once more is silence.


Except that no, there is a sound. In the dark. Breathing.


Once more you turn on the headlamp, which creates a more focused beam of light than the campfire glow. At first you don't see it — or rather, ou don't recognize it, because what you see seems to be just another shadow. Until it moves, and you see the creature moving from the background.


The Thilykotherium, you presume? If so, then Wiry and Flabby clearly weren't so successful.


In a strange way, it's somewhat reassuring to know you haven't been completely abandoned, that you're not entirely alone. But quickly you figure out this strange thing is not here to make friends. As soon as it realizes it's been seen it leaps from the shadows. Defensively you hold up your stick, but now that this moment has arrived it's hard to see how a piece of wood no thicker than your own arm is going to do much good against the murderous frenzy that is now leaping at you, claws aimed at your throat.


THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>When you hear the gunshots, it seems like hours have passed since you parted company with Wiry and Flabby. But in reality it's probably only been a few minutes.


So, it's done. You have no idea what a Thilykotherium is, or if there really is such a thing. Genetically engineered NATO soldiers gone wild? There are several layers of unbelievability in that pile of stinking bull crap. Most likely they've just shot a black bear out of season, or without a license, or whichever of the big game laws they've just violated.


This probably means they'll be returning any moment now, flush with their success and ready for another round of cajoling you. In all likelihood, one of them will throw an armful of wood on top of your twig fire and turn it into a small bonfire, around which they'll fill your ears with more of their pearls of doubtful wisdom. Clearly they've discerned you're not a believer yourself, and so they'll naturally spend the rest of the evening attempting to proselytize this new heathen they've stumbled across.


As soon as they return.


Which could be any minute now.


          Any.


                    Cotton-pickin'.


                               Minute.


It seems like you've already done this before, the waiting for someone to return — someone who never does return, no matter how long you wait. People leave you, setting off on what they promise will be a quick task, certain in the results. But then the minutes become bloated with unfulfilled expectation as you put your own life on pause, waiting, passing the time by imagining what the holdup might be, until eventually so much time passes that the only possible explanations seem to be the tragic ones.


So here you are again, pacing around the little fire you've been tending, casting a restless shadow on the tarp tepee. When you were certain of their imminent return, you were dreading it, since you're not entirely enamored of this douchebag entourage, as much as you've benefited to a degree from their company. But now that they have failed to return you can't help but feel betrayed a little. Distinctly let down.


Little noises in the woods start to get your attention more. A mouse traipses across the newly-fallen leaf litter, and it sounds like a coy-dog stalking you in the darkness; a gentle breeze rustles the pine boughs above you, and it sounds like distant voices, an entire crowd of people just around the hill.


You begin to regret the decision to start a fire. The light has impaired your ability to sift through the shadows, and when you look into the woods all you see is darkness. Although this particular place might be new to you, you've been hiking in the Adirondacks a few times a year ever since you were a boy, tagging along on your uncle's fishing trips. These experiences hardly qualify you as an outdoor expert, but you had always had the impression this was a benign wilderness.


But not tonight. Something in the woods surrounding this lake seems intent on isolating you, by causing each of your companions to vanish without explanation, as though the wilderness itself were enforcing its rules of solitude.


Where man is a visitor who does not remain. You read that somewhere, you can't remember when. Forget all that conspiracy hooey about restricted zones controlled by the military; this is protected state land, and there are special regulations or something that apply to a few key areas, including this one. A primitive and unconfined type of recreation; opportunities for solitude. It struck you as being absurd that anyone would feel the need to codify the obvious, since what else would anyone do in a wild area? Nevertheless, you're pretty sure those phrases are actual things that exist somewhere, closely guarded by the state bureaucracy.


A visitor who does not remain. Well then, if they don't remain then where is everybody going tonight?


As the temperature drops, you wish you had taken the time to salvage more stuff from your backpack — assuming there was anything worth salvaging. There was both a wool sweater and a down jacket in there, as well as your sleeping bag. It's quite possible all of that had been shredded, though, making you even more dependent on the douchebags and this messy camp of theirs.


George.


At first you dismiss the whispering of your name, assuming it's just the breeze in the pine tree that's acting on your increasingly hyperactive imagination. Until you hear it again.


George!


It's a voice, though not necessarily a spoken one. You spin around, thinking maybe it's just Wiry and Flabby trying to spook you, but again all you see is darkness.


"Who's there?" you say, hoping to put this unseen prankster on notice that you're paying attention and won't let yourself be fooled.


Come here. George, you're not safe.


Now come on now, as if you weren't creeped out enough already! "I don't know who you are, but I need you to step into the light where I can see you!"


You know who I am, George.


This voice doesn't seem to be originating from any specific point. It simply is, and you can sense it clearly even if you have no idea how near or far the speaker is.


But it's right, you do know who it is: it's Amy.


"If that's you, honey, let me see you! You gave me a good scare today! You've been gone for hours."


When there is no response, you start to feel foolish for speaking to this audience of trees. For if her voice has no acoustical presence you can detect, then what else could it be but your own thoughts gone wild?


But then you sense it again: George, come!


This time you do get a better sense of its origin — but when you turn on your headlamp and shine it in that direction, all you see is the seventy-year-old Jeep.
> You approach the Jeep.
The Jeep. Amy owns one too, although hers is a good six decades newer. Is that where she's been hiding all this time? Did she see those vertical bars on the grill and see in them something familiar? Has she been inside, taking a nap all this time and losing all track of the hour?


You approach the vehicle cautiously. It is being broadsided by the beam of your headlamp, and yet you see no movement. When you first came this way after parting company with Wiry and Flabby, you had only glanced at the thing with passing curiosity, surprised as anyone would be to find a truck way out here in the woods; even though everything is grown over now, there was clearly a time when all of this was someone's private land and they accessed by roads that have since aged into trails. The Jeep has a boxy body, and aside from the tires there is hardly a curve anywhere. Even the fenders are angular.


Amy's Jeep Liberty is black, not counting the road dust it picked up on the drive to the trailhead this morning. She's had it as long as you've been living together, and she never lets you drive it. The cover for the spare tire says it all: SILLY BOYS, JEEPS ARE FOR GIRLS! It's just a joke, and you've seen that slogan on plenty enough Jeeps, but in the context of Amy you've always wondered whether you should take offense.


This Jeep here had once been white. Part of it still is, although most of the front end has been discolored with rust. Both doors are slightly open, and when you shine your light inside the theory that Amy has been napping here falls to pieces: all that is left of the bench seat is a skeleton of metal springs. The cab has become a trash receptacle for the two douchebags, apparently — you'd recognize their Bud Light cans anywhere.


Behind the remains of the cab, the truck bed is also empty, save for a collection of leaves and an old oil filter. There is no sign of Amy.


"Babe, you here?" you say softly, confused. You had followed her instruction, although it's possible you may have misinterpreted something.


George, you need to defend yourself. It's her voice again, but as before it doesn't seem to exist on the air.


"What do you mean?" you whisper, figuring out that you don't need to speak loudly to someone who isn't physically present.


You are in danger.


These words may be giving you the impression of Amy's voice, but it's been a while since she's expressed this much concern about your well being. "Where are you?" you say, still seeing nothing in the dark.


Turn off that light! Do you want me to find you?


It's the most puzzling thing. Everything: her words, this situation in general. Turn off your headlamp so you can't be found? But the urgency in her soundless voice is convincing, and so you turn off the light.


You are in danger, she repeats.


"From what? Honey, you're being cryptic as hell. I don't understand what it is you want from me. Where are you?"


Nearby. I'm not in control. You are in danger. George, find something to defend yourself with.


You wish she had advised you of that last part while you still had the light on. Defend yourself? Against what?


I am coming, George, she says almost in a direct answer to your thoughts. I am very close.


What's going on? you think; if she can communicate to you without using spoken words, then maybe that works both ways.


I'm looking for you.


I've been looking for you for hours! Where have you been?


I'm looking for you, now. You are in danger.


You are crouching beside the passenger door of the old Jeep, doing your level best to process the bizarreness of this situation. I am in danger, you repeat. Find something to defend myself.


Before you had turned off the headlamp you recall seeing a random metal rod abandoned in the old truck's cargo bed. Given the limited amount of time you had to prepare, this may be the best you can improvise — if indeed she is advising you to arm yourself. You reach over the square-edged rim of the truck bed into the pile of leaves, your fingers brushing aside a beer can in the dark before grasping the rod. It's heavy, made out of either steel or iron, and you have no clue what it's original purpose might have been. But it's about as long as a baseball bat, and it's likely going to be the best defensive weapon you'll find.


I'm looking for you, Amy's voice says. You are in danger. When I find you, you will need to kill me.


Kill you? What on Earth—


You will need to kill me, George. I'm not in control. You are in danger.


What the hell has happened? Has she become some kind of zombie?


I am nearby. You are in danger.


This is the creepiest situation ever. Your girlfriend speaking to you telepathically, telling you that's she lost control and that you need to kill her? Is that something you're even capable of doing?


Just then you become aware of something walking through the forest, not very far away from the Jeep. Because of the deep carpet of leaves that covers the forest floor, nothing can pass through quietly. Whoever this is, though, is doing their best to be sneaky, but even so you can track their progress. Her progress, because this must be Amy. She's coming from the direction of the cabin, heading straight to the campfire.


But wait a minute. The ridiculousness of this situation is off the scale, isn't it? First a Thilykotherium, now the zombie version of your girlfriend speaking directly into your brain? What was it that happened to you back in the cabin? Everything about this night seems so unreal that you are beginning to doubt your own credibility.


Seriously, attack Amy with a metal rod because the voice in your head told you to do so?
> You are not a killer. You are not going insane. Throw down the rod and approach Amy.
That's just it right there: a voice in your head. It can't possibly be Amy, and whatever deep-seated anxiety is acting on you now, making you imagine the voice of your girlfriend asking you to kill her, is not your ally. Obeying its directives is a course of action that will guarantee you lifetime accommodations at Sing Sing or Attica or Marcy.


It makes sense: Amy, who has been separated from you for hours, is looking for you now. When you weren't at the cabin where you were supposed to be, she broadened her search and eventually spied the campfire you had been tending. So here she is, approaching cautiously, because you now realize you haven't been behaving rationally.


Or if this isn't Amy, then maybe it's either Wiry or Flabby?


The point is, you've lost control today: either of the world, or of your own mind, you can't tell. In this story of your life, you feel like you've become an unreliable narrator.


The best course of action, then, is to throw down this metal rod and make yourself known — to confront Amy, if indeed this is Amy, and try once more to find solid ground with your feet. Right now you worry your brain is still drifting aimlessly in the miasma of the cabin.


Abandoning all efforts at keeping quite and unseen, you stand and toss the rod back where you find. It clanks loudly against the truck bed and bounces twice before coming to a rest. Thus you give away your presence to whoever is approaching the campsite.


What are you doing?


"Amy, is that you?" you say, stepping back toward the patch of forest within the fire's circle of illumination.


You are in danger, George! I am not in control.


You ignore the voice, knowing it is luring you toward the course of damnation. Instead you continue to step into the light, toward the approaching steps. "I've been looking for you, sweetie. You've had me worried."


But what's wrong? Why isn't she responding?


I tried to warn you.


No! Not that Amy! Why isn't the physical Amy responding?


Are you mad?


Well that's the question, isn't it? "Amy, please speak to me! If I did something to upset you, please let's talk about it! Just storming off—"


You cut yourself off. If in fact a reconciliation will be needed, best not to open with an accusation.


Remember, George. I'm not the one in control.


Still, her voice — your only response so far. Why is she doing this? Why is she only communicating with you in this manner? And what does she mean: she's not the one in control?


She has stopped approaching, and is still waiting in the darkness. You cannot comprehend her behavior. Is she weighing something? Did you inadvertently do something so thoughtless and insulting that she still hasn't made up her mind whether she wants to talk to you?


"Come, let's sit by the fire," you say. "We can talk."


Because you're tired of being in the dark, you reach up to your forehead to turn on the headlamp. As you do so, a small conical section of forest becomes illuminated. And the figure you find standing there most definitely is not your girlfriend.


Sure, in a vague way, there is a striking resemblance, although it might not help your relationship to admit as much out loud. The figure before you, which had been watching you from the shadows, has a human's basic body plan, in that it walks upright on two legs. And it is roughly the same height as Amy, with the same willowiness to its limbs.


But there the resemblances come to an end, because this… thing is not human. The head is feline, and the fingers are tipped with claws. The brown fur is damp with blood — but not its own blood, you think. It's the splatter from a recent kill.


The former douchebags, Wiry and Flabby, no doubt. And this here is what they had come to slay: the Thilykotherium, their She-Beast.


Now that you have seen each other, the Thilykotherium tilts back its head and shrieks into the night — a feral call, perfected over millions of years of evolution to paralyze prey animals with fear.


I will remember you, George. I am not the one in control. You are in danger.


At that precise instant you make the connection. But by then it is too late — the Thilyko is making its lunge, claws held up, prepared to be brought down in a flesh-tearing motion.


Then she adds: I wish you had listened.


That's how you know this is truly her — her last words to you are not ones of concern, but ones of criticism. This is Amy's parting message as the thing her body has become propels itself toward you, a predator about to make its next kill.


THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The Jeep. Amy owns one too, although hers is a good six decades newer. Is that where she's been hiding all this time? Did she see those vertical bars on the grill and see in them something familiar? Has she been inside, taking a nap all this time and losing all track of the hour?


You approach the vehicle cautiously. It is being broadsided by the beam of your headlamp, and yet you see no movement. When you first came this way after parting company with Wiry and Flabby, you had only glanced at the thing with passing curiosity, surprised as anyone would be to find a truck way out here in the woods; even though everything is grown over now, there was clearly a time when all of this was someone's private land and they accessed by roads that have since aged into trails. The Jeep has a boxy body, and aside from the tires there is hardly a curve anywhere. Even the fenders are angular.


Amy's Jeep Liberty is black, not counting the road dust it picked up on the drive to the trailhead this morning. She's had it as long as you've been living together, and she never lets you drive it. The cover for the spare tire says it all: SILLY BOYS, JEEPS ARE FOR GIRLS! It's just a joke, and you've seen that slogan on plenty enough Jeeps, but in the context of Amy you've always wondered whether you should take offense.


This Jeep here had once been white. Part of it still is, although most of the front end has been discolored with rust. Both doors are slightly open, and when you shine your light inside the theory that Amy has been napping here falls to pieces: all that is left of the bench seat is a skeleton of metal springs. The cab has become a trash receptacle for the two douchebags, apparently — you'd recognize their Bud Light cans anywhere.


Behind the remains of the cab, the truck bed is also empty, save for a collection of leaves and an old oil filter. There is no sign of Amy.


"Babe, you here?" you say softly, confused. You had followed her instruction, although it's possible you may have misinterpreted something.


George, you need to defend yourself. It's her voice again, but as before it doesn't seem to exist on the air.


"What do you mean?" you whisper, figuring out that you don't need to speak loudly to someone who isn't physically present.


You are in danger.


These words may be giving you the impression of Amy's voice, but it's been a while since she's expressed this much concern about your well being. "Where are you?" you say, still seeing nothing in the dark.


Turn off that light! Do you want me to find you?


It's the most puzzling thing. Everything: her words, this situation in general. Turn off your headlamp so you can't be found? But the urgency in her soundless voice is convincing, and so you turn off the light.


You are in danger, she repeats.


"From what? Honey, you're being cryptic as hell. I don't understand what it is you want from me. Where are you?"


Nearby. I'm not in control. You are in danger. George, find something to defend yourself with.


You wish she had advised you of that last part while you still had the light on. Defend yourself? Against what?


I am coming, George, she says almost in a direct answer to your thoughts. I am very close.


What's going on? you think; if she can communicate to you without using spoken words, then maybe that works both ways.


I'm looking for you.


I've been looking for you for hours! Where have you been?


I'm looking for you, now. You are in danger.


You are crouching beside the passenger door of the old Jeep, doing your level best to process the bizarreness of this situation. I am in danger, you repeat. Find something to defend myself.


Before you had turned off the headlamp you recall seeing a random metal rod abandoned in the old truck's cargo bed. Given the limited amount of time you had to prepare, this may be the best you can improvise — if indeed she is advising you to arm yourself. You reach over the square-edged rim of the truck bed into the pile of leaves, your fingers brushing aside a beer can in the dark before grasping the rod. It's heavy, made out of either steel or iron, and you have no clue what it's original purpose might have been. But it's about as long as a baseball bat, and it's likely going to be the best defensive weapon you'll find.


I'm looking for you, Amy's voice says. You are in danger. When I find you, you will need to kill me.


Kill you? What on Earth—


You will need to kill me, George. I'm not in control. You are in danger.


What the hell has happened? Has she become some kind of zombie?


I am nearby. You are in danger.


This is the creepiest situation ever. Your girlfriend speaking to you telepathically, telling you that's she lost control and that you need to kill her? Is that something you're even capable of doing?


Just then you become aware of something walking through the forest, not very far away from the Jeep. Because of the deep carpet of leaves that covers the forest floor, nothing can pass through quietly. Whoever this is, though, is doing their best to be sneaky, but even so you can track their progress. Her progress, because this must be Amy. She's coming from the direction of the cabin, heading straight to the campfire.


But wait a minute. The ridiculousness of this situation is off the scale, isn't it? First a Thilykotherium, now the zombie version of your girlfriend speaking directly into your brain? What was it that happened to you back in the cabin? Everything about this night seems so unreal that you are beginning to doubt your own credibility.


Seriously, attack Amy with a metal rod because the voice in your head told you to do so?
> You nothing about this night has gone as expected. People have gone missing. Heed the warning and prepare to defend yourself.
You need to believe me, Amy's voice says.


I am in danger — I know, you told me already. But why? This whole thing is freaking me out, sweetheart. I don't understand what's happening here, and you aren't exactly being informative right now. 


She doesn't respond right away, and you regret that last snarky comment the moment the thought occurs. Communicating between the two of you had been hard enough back when it was merely words you had to edit, keeping your true thoughts safely to yourself. Is that the peril she's trying to warn you about: her newfound ability to read your mind? That, indeed, would be fatal to your relationship. You might just as well start hitchhiking home now.


The footsteps come to a halt. She is still beyond the range of the campfire's light, and you cannot see so much as her shadow.


Please, tell me: why am I in danger? Why are we communicating like this?


I know where you are.


Amy, I don't want to have to—


I know where you are, she repeats, but it doesn't.


It?


I am not the one in control. It is looking for you, but only I know where you are.


The voice is hers, but the diction is oddly stilted, like she is trying to convey her message using a limited vocabulary. It's unlike any conversation the two of you've ever had before, even some of the less pleasant ones over recent months. But what is it she's trying to tell you? She's speaking of a duality: "I am not the one in control." Of herself, she means. "I am looking for you; when I find you, you must kill me. Only I know where you are."


Holy heaven, what is happening here?


It is looking for you, she says again. You must misdirect it, George.


Misdirect it?


It doesn't know where you are. If it finds you, I cannot save you.


I need to send "it" in the wrong direction? (You still aren't sure what "it" is.)


Yes. Then you must kill me.


That last part might be difficult, sweetie. I wish you'd come up with another way out of this.


We have already killed tonight. This cannot continue.


So… how does one get his being-who-is-not-his-girlfriend to go in the wrong direction? You ponder the options, and decide you'd like to have a glimpse of whatever it is Amy has become. The campfire is beginning to fade without anyone to tend it, but it is still the only source of light in the vicinity. You reach into the leaf litter for a stick yea so big, find one, and then silently hurl it back toward the tarp tepee. It lands with a conspicuous thud.


You hear an odd grunting sound where the footsteps had stopped, and then not-Amy moves to investigate. And then you see her: a figure that still very much resembles your girlfriend, but decidedly isn't. The creature walks on two legs with a willowy grace you'd recognize anywhere, but with feline wariness. Her body has become overgrown with a fine fur, and the claw-tipped fingers are unmistakable.


This must be the Thilykotherium your two douchebag friends had told you about, the creature they believed was a failed NATO experiment, a would-be tool in the United Nation's nefarious plot to take over the world. But as tenuous as their grasp on reality had seemed, they were at least right about the existence of the creature.


Except that Amy, to best of your knowledge, has no direct connections to NATO. What brought about such a massive transformation of her body in such a short amount of time? Everything about what you're seeing defies your understanding of how the natural world operates.


Not-Amy steps into campsite, her muscles tense, hair stiff, as she investigates the noise you just heard.


Remember me, George.


Honey?


I didn't want to kill.


She must mean Wiry and Flabby; when last you saw them, they were heading off to slay their monster — this Thilykotherium as they called it, or not-Amy as you would prefer to call it. You heard their gunshot, but they never came back — only not-Amy did.


There's no other way? you plea.


You can't let it see you coming. You are in danger, George. I will kill you if you don't kill me.


She feels trapped inside her own body, a witness to her own atrocities, her sense of self being blurred at the boundaries with this thing she has become. But kill her? Even in this present form, you're still in contact with her. There must be something left that can be saved, right? A way to undo the changes?


Now, George. You must kill me. I am not in control. George, remember me. Now, George. George, please. You must kill me. I am not—


The creature has seen the tarp tepee and is approaching it, the smell of poorly-stored food more than any half-wild being can resist. As it does so, its back is turned to you.


—me. George, please. I am not in control. I didn't want to kill. I—


You catch the creature at the entrance to the tepee, bringing the metal rod down across its shoulder blade. The bone cracks, and not-Amy shrieks in both surprise and pain. You expect the creature who is occupying Amy's body to turn and retaliate, but instead what happens next is completely unexpected.


Not-Amy falls to the ground and begins to thrash about wildly — not at you, not at anything in particular. It looks like it's having an epileptic fit, the broken arm frozen close to its body but the other limbs flailing out of control. The torso is inside the tepee, and Bud Light cans are knocked noisily aside, structural poles knocked out of position. You worry that the tepee might collapse on the creature, who is acting like the injury you inflicted was far worse than you thought.


Then, after what seems like a long minute, the Thylikotherium features melt away. Claws revert to fingernails, fangs revert to canines and incisors, fur falls away to reveal only skin. And when the process is completed, it's only Amy you see sprawled half inside the shelter, her shoulder broken and covered with an ugly bruise. But alive, no longer a She-Beast.


"I didn't want to kill…" she says, whimpering into the dirt. "George, please…"


It's her real voice — her real, honest-to-goodness voice, and not just a whisper inside your brain.


"Babe, I'm right here," you say, dropping the metal rod. You kneel down beside her inside the tepee.
> Next page.
he helicopter is flying low over the summit of Deadman Mountain, heading straight for the lake. You wave from the deck of the cabin so the pilot can see you, although that's probably not necessary. This building, this clearing, must be conspicuous in the sea of trees.


To your surprise, though, it's not the blue-and-yellow state helicopter you've seen flying over the Adirondack landscape in the past. This one is painted in a solid block of a paint scheme, dull green from nose to tail rotor. Military, beyond a doubt — a Black Hawk from Fort Drum, probably. Agenda 21? You suppress the thought, embarrassed you even had it.


The Black Hawk zeroes in on the cabin and comes into position above the clearing beside the cabin, hovering just above the treetops. You expect a team to rappel down on cables or something, but to your surprise the helicopter descends for a landing. The space is tight, but just big enough, and the Black Hawk comes to rest in a swirl of leaves.


You weren't really sure what to expect when you activated the SPOT device. You had found it last night in the gear left behind by Wiry and Flabby, a little orange handheld unit designed to do a single thing: send a signal when you are in distress so that the authorities may find you. Amy was as comfortable as you could make her, swaddled in the sleeping bags and extra clothing stored in the tepee; her shoulder was severely painful, and more than a match for the regular-strength ibuprofen you were feeding her. It was tempting to press the SPOT device's button then, except that you doubted anything would happen in the middle of the night. And so you waited until morning.


The military, though? You've never used a SPOT before and didn't know what the protocol was. Now, as you watch a team of soldiers disembark from the resting Black Hawk, you note with curiosity that not a single person is a forest ranger, or a civilian of any kind.


You also note that several of them are wearing gas masks. This team rushes past you and barges into the cabin, fully armed. They emerge a moment later from one of the other doors, and the squad leader shouts an "All secure, sir!" back toward the helicopter.


A man wearing sunglasses and a warm parka emerges from the posse of uniformed soldiers and approaches you. A name tape announces him only as KAPLOWSKI. The parka is partly unzipped, and you see black silhouette of a spread eagle sewed onto the chest of his duty uniform.


He doesn't introduce himself. "I must admit," he says instead, "this was not how I expected to begin my day."


Colonel Kaplowski walks a full circle around you, assessing you up and down. "You don't look injured, son. Would you mind explaining the nature of your call for assistance?" He stresses nature like it's a distasteful word to him.


This is a delicate moment, one which you've been pondering ever since you found the SPOT: how, exactly, do you explain what happened? Amy is still up in the tepee, resting as comfortably as she can, but in no position to hike the ten miles back to her Jeep. She's dressed in ill-fitting men's clothes, because she shredded your own backpacks when she was still in her Thilykotherium form. Both of you discussed it to pass the long, sleepless hours that followed your ordeal, and you agreed that certain aspects of your experiences here might be difficult to explain.


Not that you could explain it to yourselves: something bit her on the shin? Caused her to transmogrify into a… what would you call that, not a werewolf, but maybe a "werecat"? Is that a thing? And then the severe pain of the broken bone caused her to revert back to Amy? Throw into the mix the two would-be werecat hunters, and you have the ingredients of a story that makes no logical sense whatsoever — even to the people who lived it.


"I'm very grateful you came!" you begin. "My girlfriend and I were backpacking through here—"


"Backpacking?"


"Yes, sir. And she fell and broke her shoulder, and—"


"Where is she?"


You show him the trail leading toward the old Jeep truck, which is much easier to see on this sunny morning. Had your plans not been so surreally derailed, this would've been Day 2 of your four-day trip, and by all appearances a glorious day for hiking.


"Parsons," the colonel says to one of his crew. "Go check that out."


A team of medics runs up the trail to go attend to Amy.


"And Reynolds, go recover those two bodies we spotted from the air."


Another team of soldiers disappears down the overgrown driveway.


"Now, you were saying, son?" Colonel Kaplowski says.


You try and make up a story on the spot: the rain sent you into this old cabin here seeking shelter for the night, but when the rain let up Amy wanted to explore, and she found the old Jeep parked forever in the woods, and because she owns a Jeep too she wanted you to take her picture sitting on top of this one, but it was slippery, so when she climbed up onto the hood she lost her balance and—


But the colonel decides he's heard enough. "None of this, though, explains what you were doing on military property. This is a prohibited area."


It is all you can do to control your reaction. Two words ring in your mind like an alarm bell: Agenda 21.


Soon the medics are returning from the woods, Amy supported on a stretcher between them.


"Set her down here," Kaplowski directs them.


"Sir, we found this near the female." A sergeant hands the colonel a clear plastic bag with a sample of animal fur — or rather, the Thilykotherium fur that Amy shed when she metamorphosed back into human form.


"Interesting," the colonel says, putting the packet into a pocket.


And as you stand between the cabin and the Black Hawk, you watch as practically all of the evidence from the prior evening is gathered by fast-moving soldiers who all seem to know exactly what to look for. When they're done, your shredded backpacks and the plastic-covered bodies of Wiry and Flabby are loaded onto the Black Hawk, the latter retrieved from wherever it was not-Amy had slain them.


An aide comes up to the colonel. "We're ready to take off, sir. Just waiting for your order."


"It will be a moment, captain."


Colonel Kaplowski gestures, and a pair of armed soldiers fall in behind him. They are still wearing their gas masks. "Let's take a look at this facility," he says. "And bring the lady too."


He enters the bunk room, and with the soldiers forming a rather insistent wall behind you, you understand that you are to follow. The medics lift up Amy's stretcher, setting it on top of a picnic table. After your experiences fourteen hours ago, the dankness of the room is an assault on your senses, sort of like the taste of cheap whiskey the morning of a hangover.


"Before we provide you the treatment you need, there is something we need to address," the colonel announces from beside the Naugahyde recliner. "We understand that you two experienced some very… unusual events. Events you weren't intended to witness. So before we return to base, we think maybe the air here might do you good."


Then he turns to the two gas-masked soldiers. "They should already have high concentrations in their system. Fifteen minutes of additional exposure should be sufficient."


"Yes, sir!"


And then the colonel, who isn't wearing a mask, steps out the door and hops casually down off the deck.


You don't protest, you don't resist. The colonel was right: you know too much. And the "miasma" in this room will help you forget all of it, the way it effected a partial erasure of your memory yesterday.


By the time the fifteen minutes are over, both you and Amy are unconscious, your lungs filled with NATO's experimental miasma. The soldiers load you onto the helicopter and it takes off to the northwest. When you awake hours later, you don't remember a thing about your hike.


THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You step across the stranded sheet of old roofing, and then wade through a rain-soaked tangle of dead goldenrod standing in your path; a month ago this stuff would've been flame-tipped with late-summer blossoms, but now the leaves have browned under autumn's death-touch, and fuzzy seeds await dispersal from the same places where the flower-spikes had been — hope for a new season, many months away. And as wet foliage is wont to do, the stalks of goldenrod impart a generous share of moisture onto your pants as you pass through them.


Not that you expected to keep dry on a night like this. After emerging from the weeds, a patch of more barren ground stands between you and the woods. Off to your left is a long shed, sided with aluminum but open-fronted like a lean-to; presumably that was once a woodshed, but the structure stands empty now.


"Amy?" you call out again. "If you can hear me, let me know where you are!"


There is no response, and by this time you are no longer expecting one. This is a highly bizarre situation, so expecting a rational resolution now seems unrealistic. It reminds you of the time your friend's dog ran off once in the middle of the woods, chasing after some scent when neither of you had been paying attention; as your friend called out the dog's name over and over again, you silently thought that maybe the missing pet had been nearby chomping on a bone, blissfully unaware of the stress she was causing. Or maybe she had run miles in the wrong direction, and couldn't hear him anyway. There was no possible way of knowing, and speculating on the outcome hardly seemed helpful at the time.


Still, the nature of your current problem seems unfathomable. Amy is not some overeager pit bull chasing a squirrel, indulging a thoughtless whim. Wherever she is, and whyever she is there, a rational process had to occur between the moment she stepped out of the cabin and… and whatever the hell is going on now.


"A-a-a-a-my!" you call out, realizing after the fact that you are now sounding like your friend did that day of the missing dog.


The bare spot gives way to the woods in an abrupt transition, marked only by a low pile of scrap metal. A bank slopes downward at the same point where the trees begin, all of it already dark. You flick on the headlamp strapped around your forehead, aiming a beam of light into the woods. The light is bright, but small in origin; the beam penetrates just so far.


There is no sign of Amy, at least not in the limited reach of the light. And you can confirm now that the sound you heard really is the lake somewhere below, lapping against its shoreline. But it's not an empty wilderness into which you're peering: something light-colored is dangling from a branch about forty or fifty feet away.


However, to accomplish the, umm, task that Amy claimed she needed to do, she would've taken the easiest route. And now that you're standing on the edge of the bank, it seems odd that she would've gone all the way down there. Maybe she did what you're doing now and scoped out an option, only to rule it out. Looking around a second time, there seems to be a better spot up here on top of this bank, just behind the lean-to woodshed.


Of course, all of this is little better than a working hypothesis, since you have nothing but hunches to follow.
> You look behind the woodshed.
As you parallel the edge of the clearing over toward the woodshed, a certain sense of absurdity strikes you. What if nothing is really the matter, and Amy is just… well, still "indisposed" might be the polite way to put it. Nothing is necessarily wrong — nothing that concerns you, anyway — and she can hear you just fine. She just doesn't want to be found, for legitimate reasons.


Ha! If that's true, then you'll have a hard time living this one down for the remainder of the trip. Or, in keeping with what seems to be the recent trend, you'll just irritate your girlfriend all the more, supplying her with more ammunition to use against you, keeping you perpetually on the defensive.


The problem is, none of this really seems to explain why so much time has passed since you last saw her, and why she doesn't respond now. There is a gulf between what you want to believe has happened and what you really think; the effort to laugh away this building sense of dread seems way too thin.


You are beside the woodshed in just three paces. It is long and low, with a roof that you can reach quite easily without even extending your arms that high. Except for a few empty cans of cheap beer and some spent shotgun casings, the shelter is empty. The walls and roof were made with panels of corrugated aluminum, which appear to be newer and in better shape than those that constitute the roof of the camp itself. Indeed, it might still be a useful shelter… had someone not shot through the sides with a shotgun. Someone must've used the shed for target practice, making half a dozen starburst patterns of little BB holes. You can't help but wonder: did shooting the woodshed increase the gunman's sense of manhood? The fact that he chose such a large and easy target, though, doesn't say much about his marksmanship.


A little gust of wind strikes the knoll, and the surrounding trees shudder briefly. Those above the aluminum shed shake some of their burden of rain water onto the roof, the drops tapping loudly against the thin metal.


The shed stands at the edge of the clearing, the forest beginning behind it. But between the metal wall and the trees is a narrow space that you can easily walk through. Before rounding the back corner of the structure, you tap the wall with your hand.


"Amy? Are you back here?"


As before, there is no answer. Stepping around the corner, you are stopped by—


An old kitchen stove?


It's an old model, maybe from the 1940s or 1950s judging by the quaint dials, that probably cooked its last meal in the camp before being replaced by a less-ancient model. Then it was placed out here to decay in hiding, out behind the woodshed — except that it was so solidly built that nature has accomplished little more than to cover it with a few brown leaves.


This is a curious find for sure, but you're not here looking for antiques. The most salient thing you have learned is that Amy is not here.


It's frustrating, really, not knowing. In your search for your missing girlfriend, you feel as though you've just eliminated a couple options, but that you have an entire wilderness yet to scour. You scoot around the old gas range and continue following the rear wall of the woodshed to its far end, wondering with little hope what you should try next.


When you return to the open, you are arrested by the sound of something stirring on the far side of the cabin. A screen door closes, and feet descend three wooden steps. It's not the bunk room door that you're hearing, or the door that opens onto the sagging deck; you can see both of those entrances from this angle, and there is no activity at either one.


"Amy, is that you?"


Not only is there no response, but the sound of movement abruptly stops.


You freeze too at the realization of something you hadn't previously considered: You and Amy had never been alone in this forest!


If that's not your girlfriend behind the cabin, trying to be all sneaky, then clearly someone else is here. They had been inside the cabin and are now departing through the back door.


"Hello? Who's there?" you say, changing your approach. There's no point in trying to hide your own presence; you've already been calling out Amy's name, and your headlight is still on its highest setting. The whereabouts of you are no mystery.


Still, there is no response, and you are unsure what to do. Certainly, you do not feel safe. The corner of the cabin is just twenty feet away, concealing whoever it is that's standing there. You can approach the person, or you could just go back inside, letting your unknown visitor slip away without confrontation.


Those are the options you come up with. Neither strikes you as being terrific.
> You confront the person.
"Hello?" you call softly again, unable to conceal the anxiety in your voice. "If this is your camp, we didn't mean to intrude!"


You proceed cautiously as you speak, knowing that a confrontation is inevitable but not wanting to rush it. Maybe this is just Amy, but you strongly doubt it. On the other hand, you can't shake the notion that if there's someone else out here tonight, their presence has something to do with Amy's disappearance. If you're about to come face-to-face with a serial killer…


All right, let's not get melodramatic! you tell yourself.


Still, you'd feel less exposed and vulnerable if you had something in your hand, other than a bad scrape from the door handle. None of the junk lying in your path looks terribly useful, though. Or portable, for that matter.


The person remains silent, which doesn't do anything to put you at ease. Instead, they seem to be silently anticipating your approach. Either they're afraid of you, or by stalling they're intentionally making you come to them.


And if they aren't going to meet you halfway, then what else can you do? You feel a desperate need for answers, which you apparently aren't going to get any other way.


You reach the corner of the cabin, take a deep breath, and then make the turn.


Indeed, your headlamp beam quickly finds its target in the dwindling twilight — but your visitor is no human. Before you stands a figure tall and bipedal like a person, but fur-covered like a beast. There are claws at the tip of each appendage, and fangs reflected in the light emanating from your forehead. Its eyes are black and colorless. Nothing like it should exist, and yet there it is, more willowy and feline than any depiction of Sasquatch you've ever seen, but also more real and tangible.


The creature flinches at the brightness of your headlamp, and then shrieks to voice its displeasure. Its voice is feral, predatory, like the sound of a thousand murders. And then it crouches slightly, coiling its limbs before it pounces.


What else can you do but run? And where else is there to go but back in the direction from which you came? You have no idea if you can even outrun such a… whatever this is. But you doubt lying down and playing dead is such a good idea either. Therefore you sprint in the direction of the overgrown driveway, away from everything you've found at this god-forsaken place.


And behind you is the creature, running fast. The best you can do now is hope that your speed holds out and that the thing pursuing you can be outsmarted.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As you parallel the edge of the clearing over toward the woodshed, a certain sense of absurdity strikes you. What if nothing is really the matter, and Amy is just… well, still "indisposed" might be the polite way to put it. Nothing is necessarily wrong — nothing that concerns you, anyway — and she can hear you just fine. She just doesn't want to be found, for legitimate reasons.


Ha! If that's true, then you'll have a hard time living this one down for the remainder of the trip. Or, in keeping with what seems to be the recent trend, you'll just irritate your girlfriend all the more, supplying her with more ammunition to use against you, keeping you perpetually on the defensive.


The problem is, none of this really seems to explain why so much time has passed since you last saw her, and why she doesn't respond now. There is a gulf between what you want to believe has happened and what you really think; the effort to laugh away this building sense of dread seems way too thin.


You are beside the woodshed in just three paces. It is long and low, with a roof that you can reach quite easily without even extending your arms that high. Except for a few empty cans of cheap beer and some spent shotgun casings, the shelter is empty. The walls and roof were made with panels of corrugated aluminum, which appear to be newer and in better shape than those that constitute the roof of the camp itself. Indeed, it might still be a useful shelter… had someone not shot through the sides with a shotgun. Someone must've used the shed for target practice, making half a dozen starburst patterns of little BB holes. You can't help but wonder: did shooting the woodshed increase the gunman's sense of manhood? The fact that he chose such a large and easy target, though, doesn't say much about his marksmanship.


A little gust of wind strikes the knoll, and the surrounding trees shudder briefly. Those above the aluminum shed shake some of their burden of rain water onto the roof, the drops tapping loudly against the thin metal.


The shed stands at the edge of the clearing, the forest beginning behind it. But between the metal wall and the trees is a narrow space that you can easily walk through. Before rounding the back corner of the structure, you tap the wall with your hand.


"Amy? Are you back here?"


As before, there is no answer. Stepping around the corner, you are stopped by—


An old kitchen stove?


It's an old model, maybe from the 1940s or 1950s judging by the quaint dials, that probably cooked its last meal in the camp before being replaced by a less-ancient model. Then it was placed out here to decay in hiding, out behind the woodshed — except that it was so solidly built that nature has accomplished little more than to cover it with a few brown leaves.


This is a curious find for sure, but you're not here looking for antiques. The most salient thing you have learned is that Amy is not here.


It's frustrating, really, not knowing. In your search for your missing girlfriend, you feel as though you've just eliminated a couple options, but that you have an entire wilderness yet to scour. You scoot around the old gas range and continue following the rear wall of the woodshed to its far end, wondering with little hope what you should try next.


When you return to the open, you are arrested by the sound of something stirring on the far side of the cabin. A screen door closes, and feet descend three wooden steps. It's not the bunk room door that you're hearing, or the door that opens onto the sagging deck; you can see both of those entrances from this angle, and there is no activity at either one.


"Amy, is that you?"


Not only is there no response, but the sound of movement abruptly stops.


You freeze too at the realization of something you hadn't previously considered: You and Amy had never been alone in this forest!


If that's not your girlfriend behind the cabin, trying to be all sneaky, then clearly someone else is here. They had been inside the cabin and are now departing through the back door.


"Hello? Who's there?" you say, changing your approach. There's no point in trying to hide your own presence; you've already been calling out Amy's name, and your headlight is still on its highest setting. The whereabouts of you are no mystery.


Still, there is no response, and you are unsure what to do. Certainly, you do not feel safe. The corner of the cabin is just twenty feet away, concealing whoever it is that's standing there. You can approach the person, or you could just go back inside, letting your unknown visitor slip away without confrontation.


Those are the options you come up with. Neither strikes you as being terrific.
> You go back inside the cabin and leave well enough alone.
Everything about this situation seems threatening. The person was leaving on their own, so why risk a confrontation? You have no doubt this person, whoever it is, can shed some light on what has happened to Amy, but at the same time they aren't being too communicative. Therefore the sanest course of action seems to be to retreat inside the cabin, and maybe figure out what it was this mysterious visitor was doing there.


Instead of rounding the corner of the cabin, then, you go in the opposite direction: toward the deck. It's rough surface comes up to your waist, and there are no steps. You have to climb atop it to reach the door, and the only way to do so is to thrust yourself up on your hands, doing your best to avoid the exposed nail heads; the scrape on your palm protests anyway, but it's a momentary discomfort. You swing a leg up and over the edge, cautiously looking back to see if you're being followed.


Indeed, once more you hear the sound of footsteps across the piece of metal roofing. One step, two steps on the metal, then softer steps across the ground.


This makes you all the more eager to get inside the cabin, taking advantage of what meager shelter it might be able to provide. The door is still wide open, and you step through it and beside the Naugahyde recliner.


Then you see what's left of the two backpacks: they've been shredded, as if clawed by a bear.


But it's not a bear that's circling the cabin now, though. You're hardly a wildlife expert, but you're certain of at least this point. Your visitor wasn't here to steal your gear, but apparently just to destroy it, as if in a mindless rage against backpacking equipment. Both packs have been sliced in parallel gashes down their front sides, with packets of freeze-dried food and articles of down clothing being the secondary casualties. Feathers and rice bleed out from both packs onto the floor, like the entrails of these two disemboweled creatures.


Your tormentor is striding past the deck, still not saying a word. It is too dark to see a thing now, and if your visitor hasn't spoken a word to you yet then you don't know what you should say. Good evening, glad to make your acquaintance? No, you doubt this is a social call. You still don't know completely what happened to Amy, but now it's you who is facing the most immediate threat. And this rotten old hunting camp no longer seems like an effective barrier against anything. Instead, it looks and smells more like a fetid tomb.


The person stops beside the deck, pauses for a chilling moment, but then continues around a corner of the cabin. As you follow his footsteps, one by one through the weedy grounds, your attention is drawn to the big picture window on the other side of the twin tables.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>s it turns out, Amy meant this as a serious, pressing concern.


At the mention of the toilet, which sat in pulverized pieces inside what had apparently once been the bathroom, she professed an immediate need to use just such a facility.


This one hadn't been usable for some time, you pointed out.


But hadn't you seen an outhouse? she asked, her voice almost imploring you to give the correct answer.


You hadn't noticed, but if this place had running water back in its heyday, why would they need an outhouse?


But she needed to go now, she insisted.


You weren't exactly sure what it was she wanted from you.


Her needs couldn't wait, though, and with a huff she fished out her toiletry bag from the top of her pack. She informed you she was heading out into the rain to take care of business, and her tone suggested you were somehow to blame. You sat beside your two packs on the picnic table bench, watching her don her rain jacket and venture down the hall toward the remains of the bunk room. The aluminum storm door banged shut behind her, the looseness of the sound suggesting a lack of tension on its spring.


This was nearly half an hour ago now, and there has been no sign of Amy since then. Obviously, you are growing concerned — even despite her attitude problems of late. There was a time you loved her, and she seemed to return the favor without placing barriers between you. There was even a time when a situation like this — taking shelter from a fall shower inside a creepy cabin in the woods — would've been a shared adventure. Your girlfriend may now act like your relationship has grown toxic, yet she clings on; as for yourself, the best you can do is coast on the inertia of your love and hope your patience wins her back.


You had hoped the shower would just be a passing thing: coming, going, and then allowing you to enjoy a peaceful night in the woods as intended. It might be convenient to spread out the sleeping bags on some dry corner of the floor, but clearly Amy wouldn't consent to such a plan. Not that it couldn't work: you've been pacing the cabin while you wait for Amy to return, and while the ceiling in that one corner has collapsed, and while you've found another section of ceiling in the bunk room that has become discolored by moisture, there is plenty of dryness elsewhere. The picnic tables, for instance.


Amy's failure to return, however, is puzzling. It's not like she chose now to just abandon you and walk away from your relationship: this lake is too remote, and she left her pack on the picnic table bench. All she took with her was a bag containing a weekend's rationing of toilet paper and some hand sanitizer. This leaves other, no less disturbing options: Is she sick? Did something happen to her? Your imagination conjures an image of Amy tumbling headfirst into some ancient well she never saw in the darkness.


The course of your nervous pacing brings you to the old deck and its soft, weather-beaten boards. The rain is beating against it, abating somewhat but still a solid shower; you step out onto the deck anyway to see if there is any information that can be gleaned from it.


Once this might've been a scenic spot, with views across Shingle Shanty Lake in two directions. The cabin was built on a knoll high above the water, at a spot that had probably been chosen for its view. Deadman Mountain rises to the west, its spruce-forested top raking the dark clouds and perhaps teasing more rain out of them; turning ninety degrees to the left, you can see the peaked silhouette of Cloudcap Mountain several miles away. Only a few glimpses of the lake itself can be seen in either direction, though; in the years since this camp has been abandoned, the balsam trees edging the knoll have shot upwards to obscure the views.


More importantly, however, is the fact there is no sign of Amy from this deck. And if she doesn't return soon, then it may be too dark to find her way back.


You step back inside the cabin before the rain has a chance to seep into your clothing. The two backpacks are still sitting next to each other on the picnic table, currently enjoying a greater measure of closeness than the people who should be bearing them. You have been resisting the temptation to open your pack, knowing you should be ready to leave this place the moment Amy returns and the rain lets up. The fear, though, is that by then it might be too dark to seek out a proper campsite: Amy's own delay may force you to stay here, the one option she'll want to refuse outright.


In fact, the daylight has already grown quite dim. Maybe you don't want to preemptively unpack, but you are going to need your headlamp. As you paw through the upper pouch in your pack you hear footsteps across the panel of sheet metal outside the bunk room door. Finally! Amy is returning.


But the door never opens.


You stretch the headlamp around your skull and turn toward the cruddy hallway, slowly stepping down toward the bunk room. The wooden door was left open, only the storm door closed when Amy left, and this is what you find now. Being careful not to step on one of the exposed nails left carelessly behind when the bunks were ripped out, you step up to the door and crack it open.


"Amy? You out there?"


There is no response other than the tapering rain and the sound of a roaring stream somewhere in the distant wilderness.


"Honey, is everything OK?"


Nothing.


But you are certain that you heard something a moment ago, and that it wasn't just some chipmunk or field mouse. Is Amy playing some kind of prank on you? If so, it would be completely out of character for her; she never has been the type for jokes.
> You wait inside the cabin.
You have no idea what is going on, or what Amy might be up to. But the sound of footsteps outside the camp, with no response when you called out, is just a tad disturbing. Nothing can be seen through the storm door's window, though, and with the absence of visual evidence it becomes easier to begin doubting your interpretation of what you heard: maybe it was just a squirrel returning to its hidden burrow somewhere in the walls of this fetid building. Maybe it was just a natural phenomenon, some trick of the shower even as it begins to pass from the landscape.


Maybe, too, the problem is not external. You step back from the door, seeing the bunk room for a second time: the stains in the wall and ceiling where another leak must be developing, beginning the process that has already reached an advanced stage of decay out in the front room. The faux-pine paneling, smashed in a rage before being abandoned altogether. The drywall that had been shattered completely in the next room over.


Although you haven't seen her in over half an hour, it is like you're beginning to see this place through Amy's eyes, not yours. To you, this was a place that told a story, even if you weren't aware of the specific details. Clearly somebody built this place, spent a bit of time here, and then left under unknown circumstances — circumstances that might not've been entirely pleasant, judging by the willful destruction. The cabin might not be within the pale of a typical wilderness experience, the unmediated contact with nature the two of you had been deliberately seeking out this weekend, but to you it was a stimulating discovery.


Amy, on the other hand, saw an abomination: the collapse of hygiene, the spread of filth. To her, the moss growing on the floor was not a picturesque image of Nature reclaiming a Work of Man, and the mouse turds on the table were not something you could sanitize simply by brushing them away. The deterioration on exhibit here had been eliciting from her a deep-rooted reaction, perhaps a revulsion that had been implanted throughout western civilization centuries ago in the aftermath of the Black Plague: a cultural fear that equated rodents and squalor with an undignified, disease-filled death.


Perhaps, then, the wretched condition of this camp is also acting on your imagination in ways you didn't think possible, inflaming inner anxieties you never knew you harbored: a harmless little rodent skitters across some rusted sheet metal outside the door, and you imagine monsters. If that's the case, then you better get a grip. It wasn't that long ago you were trying to deflect Amy's growing doubts with your own boyish optimism; now, though, you have to wonder if her prolonged absence is transferring some of her anxieties over to you. Well, you're not too sure you want them. She better return soon so she can have them back.


You make your way back down the hall toward the big room with the picnic tables, not sure what you should be doing with yourself while you wait for Amy to return. Or for that matter, how long you're supposed to be waiting. It's late in the day, and you've hiked ten miles to get here. In other words, you're hungry, you're bored, and you feel a distinct desire to make yourself useful while you wait for Amy to return.


Maybe you can satisfy all these needs by beginning the process of making dinner. After all, everything you need is right here in these two packs — everything except the water for cooking, which you should be able to get from the lake. Your pack has the Jetboil stove and the cookware; Amy has the bag full of freeze-dried food. It will be dark soon, and as things stand now you'll be looking for a campsite much too late. At least this way, one of the day's key tasks will be completed more or less on schedule.


You can't do it here, though; Amy would lose her appetite if she returned to find you preparing a meal in this squalid environment. Where else can you go? With the shower finally tapering off, the deck just outside the door is a workable option.


But there's a risk: Amy could return at any moment, and she'll want to vacate these premises almost immediately. Maybe you should start the dinner-making process, or maybe you should just wait.
> You begin making dinner.
The sitting-and-waiting option just isn't going to cut it for you, and so without hesitation you open the tops of both backpacks to pull out the necessary items — and just the necessary items, lest Amy accuse you of forcing the issue of spending the night inside the cabin. In two trips you carry the stove kit, the cook set, and the food bag out onto the deck, and then go back for your headlamp when you see that the day's light is already growing dim.


Wilderness cooking is typically a simple affair: you heat water until it boils, and then you pour it over something dehydrated. Your little cookstove is single-purpose in this respect, capable only of boiling water in the shortest time possible. The deck will work fine as a surface for setting it up, no more or less rustic than if you were working on a log somewhere or on a lean-to floor; though part of the cabin, it extends far enough from the dank atmosphere within its walls that even Amy shouldn't have cause for complaint.


The one missing ingredient is the water; you both have water bottles, but that's for drinking and you'd rather not deplete that supply yet. There is an entire lake down below you haven't even seen yet, though, and so you open up the nested cookware set and pull out the cylindrical pot. With this in hand, you make one last look around to see if there's any sign of Amy, and then you venture forth to find a path down to the shore.


A "path" doesn't really exist, not in the form of a cleared walking route. This place has probably been abandoned too long for that; any maintained path that might've existed in the past has since grown over. The best you can find is a "path of least resistance," a gap in the new growth of trees through which you can descend the bank without much difficulty. Discarded beer cans and bottles, all of them looking quite old, seem to mark the way; this litter gives you the impression the people who used to camp here did nothing but drink and toss the empties toward the lake, as if all this natural beauty was more than they could handle.


At the bottom of the knoll, you find some rocks at the edge of the water that provide you the access you need. You stoop down and fill your pot with a small portion of Shingle Shanty Lake's bounty, thus accomplishing the basic parameters of your mission. But before you boogie back up the hill, you want to take a look at this stunning place: Deadman Mountain to your right, Cloudcap straight ahead, nearly two miles of uninterrupted lake with wild shorelines on each side. Gorgeous! It looks like a large wetland sprawls across the far south end of the lake, a likely hiding place for moose.


The climb back up the hill is difficult to complete without some of the lake water sloshing out of the Jetboil pot. Simply because it makes no sense that Amy should still be absent, you anticipate seeing her when you return. Will she even explain why she was gone so long, or just decide it's none of your business?


But Amy is not what you find when you return to the camp at the top of the knoll.


The first thing you notice is that the stuff you had placed on the deck is missing. Well, OK; that probably means Amy did return, decided she firmly has no interest in staying, and repacked the gear. She's probably inside the cabin stowing the food bag back inside her pack.


However, this theory blows up when you find the Jetboil stove knocked over on the ground below the sagging deck, and a trail of rice leading back inside the cabin door. If Amy did that, then she's acting out some kind of unexpected vengeance that could threaten your entire weekend. Really, is she's so upset over something, then what does she expect either one of you to eat these next few days if she acts out her spite by dumping your food on the floor?


Expecting the need to address some unknown grievance on her part, you set the pot down and hop up onto the deck. The inside of the camp has grown dim enough now that your eyes take too long to adjust to the low light, so instead you turn on your headlamp.


There is no sign of Amy… but if she did come back from her "field trip," then she is working out some serious issues.


The backpacks have been shredded. Both of them, sliced in the way you might cut into a baked potato, random contents strewn across the floor, including the down stuffing from at least one sleeping bag. It is like she took a knife to the packs and hacked at them in a wild frenzy, occasionally missing and slicing the table instead. All in the few minutes you had been outside fetching water.


What the hell has gotten into that head of hers? What could you have possibly said or done to her to warrant this kind of treatment?


"Amy, this isn't funny!" you shout, hoping she can hear you. "I'm tired and hungry, and I feel like crap! Now get back in here and let's behave like adults again!"


At first you think there is once again going to be no response, that you are shouting in vain to someone who has decided to stop speaking to you. Then you notice the third door to the cabin, the one located in the smashed-up kitchen. It had looked securely shut when you first inspected the place, but it is now swinging open — as though it has been recently used. There must be wooden steps there, too, because right now something is walking down them, causing the wood to creak in sequence.


No one speaks, though. The only sound is a soft, beastly grunt — and for the first time it occurs to you Amy might not be the culprit who destroyed your gear.


And if that's the case, then Amy's strange disappearance might also have a deeper, more sinister explanation.


With a chill vibrating through your body, you turn off the headlamp. Then you step around the wall of bare studs into the trashy remains of the kitchen, no longer certain what you're going to find. Spiteful girlfriend acting on some long-festering grudge? Mysterious stranger trying to spook the witless intruder? Black bear attracted by the smell of food?


Entering the room, the cluttered sink is straight ahead, with a wall to the left that hadn't been completely smashed when this place was abandoned. A garden rake dangles from the sheetrock, its metal teeth embedded in the plaster surface, and a mouse-eaten box of Triscuits sits in a pile of scrap wood below. A word has been scrawled in capital letters across the wall, below the rake:


THILYKOTHERIUM



The letters are black scratches, as if written with charcoal. You have no idea what it could possibly mean — or whether it was even there the first time you examined this room.


But does it matter? Whatever you heard descending those steps is now moving away through the brush outside the door!
> You grab the rake, in case you need to defend yourself.
Nothing about this situation seems right, and regardless of who (or what) is out there, this intruder has destroyed your backpacks — and maybe even inflicted harm on Amy. You have no choice but to follow, but you're not about to do so without the rake in hand. It might not be an axe or a shotgun, but it's the closest thing to a weapon you can find.


The garden rake looks solid, certainly more intimidating than any of the broken kitchen knives left behind in the dry sink. You grab the long wooden handle and pull, but the steel teeth are maintaining a firm grip on the sheetrock. THILYKOTHERIUM you read again. A warning? A code? It looks like Greek or Latin, the type of taxonomic name a researcher might assign to a genus of wild animals; maybe a team of ornithologists were here, recording an encounter with some rare species of sparrow.


As you work the rake head out of the wall, you worry that the process is taking too long, that your mysterious intruder is getting away. By rocking the handle the sharp metal teeth work their way free, allowing you to heft the rake in your hands. Now you can go see what's out there.


The door is slowly swinging closed in a draft of air, so you kick it open, the headlamp still off. You step carefully onto the back steps, and once at the bottom you are waist deep in goldenrod and dogwood, the rake held horizontally before you. The shower is now a memory, but there is still much drippage from the surrounding trees as the last light of day exits the woods.


Before you is the driveway that led you to this place. And moving straight through its brushy growth is a shadowy figure, about as tall as you are but otherwise of indeterminate identity. The only thing of which you can be certain: this ain't no black bear.


"Hey!" you shout to the figure. It stops but doesn't turn. "Why did you shred my stuff? What'd I ever do to you?"


Still, there is no response. The figure just stands in the open, as if waiting for you to approach it. Who is this guy? A cranky hermit, stealing to survive? Some fugitive from the law?


"I'm looking for my friend," you say, taking a step forward. "Have you seen her? She—"


That's when the figure turns. There is not much you can see in the gray light, but for a second, while the silhouette is in motion, you can make out a willowy profile that almost looks like Amy herself. But Amy this is not: the body looks fur-covered, as if a cat had learned to walk upright. It sees you standing in front of the cabin holding the rake and lifts its head to the night. The howl it unleashes is feral, hungry; menace is its message, rolling through the forest like the yowl of a coy-dog.


You shudder as a reflexive response, but then immediately regret the involuntary show of fear — if you appear vulnerable, this… thing is likely to react accordingly. Without thinking you raise the rake above your head and shout back — not an actual word, just a fearful noise of your own that you hope proves you're not going to be an easy target. The figure turns and runs into the woods, and before you can check your action or consider alternatives you are giving chase.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The sitting-and-waiting option just isn't going to cut it for you, and so without hesitation you open the tops of both backpacks to pull out the necessary items — and just the necessary items, lest Amy accuse you of forcing the issue of spending the night inside the cabin. In two trips you carry the stove kit, the cook set, and the food bag out onto the deck, and then go back for your headlamp when you see that the day's light is already growing dim.


Wilderness cooking is typically a simple affair: you heat water until it boils, and then you pour it over something dehydrated. Your little cookstove is single-purpose in this respect, capable only of boiling water in the shortest time possible. The deck will work fine as a surface for setting it up, no more or less rustic than if you were working on a log somewhere or on a lean-to floor; though part of the cabin, it extends far enough from the dank atmosphere within its walls that even Amy shouldn't have cause for complaint.


The one missing ingredient is the water; you both have water bottles, but that's for drinking and you'd rather not deplete that supply yet. There is an entire lake down below you haven't even seen yet, though, and so you open up the nested cookware set and pull out the cylindrical pot. With this in hand, you make one last look around to see if there's any sign of Amy, and then you venture forth to find a path down to the shore.


A "path" doesn't really exist, not in the form of a cleared walking route. This place has probably been abandoned too long for that; any maintained path that might've existed in the past has since grown over. The best you can find is a "path of least resistance," a gap in the new growth of trees through which you can descend the bank without much difficulty. Discarded beer cans and bottles, all of them looking quite old, seem to mark the way; this litter gives you the impression the people who used to camp here did nothing but drink and toss the empties toward the lake, as if all this natural beauty was more than they could handle.


At the bottom of the knoll, you find some rocks at the edge of the water that provide you the access you need. You stoop down and fill your pot with a small portion of Shingle Shanty Lake's bounty, thus accomplishing the basic parameters of your mission. But before you boogie back up the hill, you want to take a look at this stunning place: Deadman Mountain to your right, Cloudcap straight ahead, nearly two miles of uninterrupted lake with wild shorelines on each side. Gorgeous! It looks like a large wetland sprawls across the far south end of the lake, a likely hiding place for moose.


The climb back up the hill is difficult to complete without some of the lake water sloshing out of the Jetboil pot. Simply because it makes no sense that Amy should still be absent, you anticipate seeing her when you return. Will she even explain why she was gone so long, or just decide it's none of your business?


But Amy is not what you find when you return to the camp at the top of the knoll.


The first thing you notice is that the stuff you had placed on the deck is missing. Well, OK; that probably means Amy did return, decided she firmly has no interest in staying, and repacked the gear. She's probably inside the cabin stowing the food bag back inside her pack.


However, this theory blows up when you find the Jetboil stove knocked over on the ground below the sagging deck, and a trail of rice leading back inside the cabin door. If Amy did that, then she's acting out some kind of unexpected vengeance that could threaten your entire weekend. Really, is she's so upset over something, then what does she expect either one of you to eat these next few days if she acts out her spite by dumping your food on the floor?


Expecting the need to address some unknown grievance on her part, you set the pot down and hop up onto the deck. The inside of the camp has grown dim enough now that your eyes take too long to adjust to the low light, so instead you turn on your headlamp.


There is no sign of Amy… but if she did come back from her "field trip," then she is working out some serious issues.


The backpacks have been shredded. Both of them, sliced in the way you might cut into a baked potato, random contents strewn across the floor, including the down stuffing from at least one sleeping bag. It is like she took a knife to the packs and hacked at them in a wild frenzy, occasionally missing and slicing the table instead. All in the few minutes you had been outside fetching water.


What the hell has gotten into that head of hers? What could you have possibly said or done to her to warrant this kind of treatment?


"Amy, this isn't funny!" you shout, hoping she can hear you. "I'm tired and hungry, and I feel like crap! Now get back in here and let's behave like adults again!"


At first you think there is once again going to be no response, that you are shouting in vain to someone who has decided to stop speaking to you. Then you notice the third door to the cabin, the one located in the smashed-up kitchen. It had looked securely shut when you first inspected the place, but it is now swinging open — as though it has been recently used. There must be wooden steps there, too, because right now something is walking down them, causing the wood to creak in sequence.


No one speaks, though. The only sound is a soft, beastly grunt — and for the first time it occurs to you Amy might not be the culprit who destroyed your gear.


And if that's the case, then Amy's strange disappearance might also have a deeper, more sinister explanation.


With a chill vibrating through your body, you turn off the headlamp. Then you step around the wall of bare studs into the trashy remains of the kitchen, no longer certain what you're going to find. Spiteful girlfriend acting on some long-festering grudge? Mysterious stranger trying to spook the witless intruder? Black bear attracted by the smell of food?


Entering the room, the cluttered sink is straight ahead, with a wall to the left that hadn't been completely smashed when this place was abandoned. A garden rake dangles from the sheetrock, its metal teeth embedded in the plaster surface, and a mouse-eaten box of Triscuits sits in a pile of scrap wood below. A word has been scrawled in capital letters across the wall, below the rake:


THILYKOTHERIUM



The letters are black scratches, as if written with charcoal. You have no idea what it could possibly mean — or whether it was even there the first time you examined this room.


But does it matter? Whatever you heard descending those steps is now moving away through the brush outside the door!
> You there's no time — follow the intruder!
Do you really think you're going to Schwarzenegger your way out of this situation with a garden rake? You haven't the slightest clue who it is you're chasing, and of course you still can't rule out the possibility this is Amy. After all, she is the only other person you happen to know who is in this same proximity.


And at any rate, time is limited. Forgetting the rake, you steel yourself for an encounter with whatever it is you hear outside. The door is slowly swinging closed in a draft of air, so you kick it open, the headlamp still off.


You almost don't see the figure, at least not until it steps out of a shadow. And even then, in the gray twilight it is little more than a silhouette. It looks like a person, not a bear: upright and willowy, wading through the browning goldenrod.


"Amy?" you say, giving voice to your first suspicion. Indeed, there is a resemblance between the shadow before you and the memory of your girlfriend, and while her behavior has been inexplicable it makes sense it is her you see now.


But as the figure turns, you see its body is covered with fur, not clothing. What you can see of the eyes are all black, the face feline. A feral anger fills its features, and it looses a howl that haunts the forest with a predatory noise. Its wrath, of course, is directed at you.


Reflexes take over. With an unknown threat just yards away, your response is to run. But where? The steps are surrounded by a tangle of untended weeds, and the creature stands along the most obvious path. So without time to think you back toward the stoop, tripping over the very first step. Your adversary recognizes this moment of vulnerability and leaps in a cat-like pounce; panicked, you scramble in a reverse crab-crawl back toward the door of the cabin. The creature misses you by inches.


The cabin is all you have for protection, and boy do you wish you had that rake now! Barely balanced on your feet, you step inside the kitchen and try to close the door against your foe. But the barrier swings inside, and the creature pushes hard against it. There is no lock, and nothing within reach that would hold it shut permanently; unless you hold the door closed all night long with your body, this unknown hunter will get in.


You reach for the rake handle with one free hand, but the steel teeth are embedded too deeply into the sheetrock. THILYKOTHERIUM, you read again; perhaps you have a hunch now what the name means. The rake isn't ready to release its grip on the wall, and you don't have the option of stepping away from the door to throw your body into the effort like the child Arthur releasing his sword from a stone. If this door opens, you'd better be running!


As you do your best to keep the creature out, certain elements of the evening start to make more sense: Amy's disappearance, the footsteps outside the bunk room, the two shredded packs. These aren't exactly solid answers: you don't know what happened to Amy, and you have no idea what exactly it is pawing at the other side of this door right now. But clearly there is a link between these two circumstances, and you have no doubts about the murderous intent of whatever it is that's now trying to get in.


Forcing your body against the door all night long isn't going to be an option, so you need to come up with a Plan B quickly, while you still have the energy to act. As soon as you step away from the door this creature will be inside the cabin. The rake isn't going to be a help, at least not in the amount of time that will be available to you, and you can't think of any other object that might have any potential lethal uses. So that leaves only one course of action:


Run.


You give yourself a count of ten. By "three" you're already having doubts, but by the same token you know you can't hold out against the creature's intensifying thrusts, either. So when the count runs out, you take a deep breath and flee from the kitchen.


The door bursts open behind you, and you realize you have a lead of mere seconds. Where exactly can you go? There are no hiding places in this cabin, not where half the walls are missing. Your only instinct is to run in the direction from which you've come, hoping that your speed holds out and that the creature pursuing you can be outsmarted.


And so you spin around the wall of studs and down the short hall to the bunk room. You throw open the storm door and leap over the sheet of rusted metal, running toward the overgrown driveway like your life depends on it — because to the best of your knowledge, it really does.


The banging of aluminum and glass behind you tells you the creature is not far behind.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You have no idea what is going on, or what Amy might be up to. But the sound of footsteps outside the camp, with no response when you called out, is just a tad disturbing. Nothing can be seen through the storm door's window, though, and with the absence of visual evidence it becomes easier to begin doubting your interpretation of what you heard: maybe it was just a squirrel returning to its hidden burrow somewhere in the walls of this fetid building. Maybe it was just a natural phenomenon, some trick of the shower even as it begins to pass from the landscape.


Maybe, too, the problem is not external. You step back from the door, seeing the bunk room for a second time: the stains in the wall and ceiling where another leak must be developing, beginning the process that has already reached an advanced stage of decay out in the front room. The faux-pine paneling, smashed in a rage before being abandoned altogether. The drywall that had been shattered completely in the next room over.


Although you haven't seen her in over half an hour, it is like you're beginning to see this place through Amy's eyes, not yours. To you, this was a place that told a story, even if you weren't aware of the specific details. Clearly somebody built this place, spent a bit of time here, and then left under unknown circumstances — circumstances that might not've been entirely pleasant, judging by the willful destruction. The cabin might not be within the pale of a typical wilderness experience, the unmediated contact with nature the two of you had been deliberately seeking out this weekend, but to you it was a stimulating discovery.


Amy, on the other hand, saw an abomination: the collapse of hygiene, the spread of filth. To her, the moss growing on the floor was not a picturesque image of Nature reclaiming a Work of Man, and the mouse turds on the table were not something you could sanitize simply by brushing them away. The deterioration on exhibit here had been eliciting from her a deep-rooted reaction, perhaps a revulsion that had been implanted throughout western civilization centuries ago in the aftermath of the Black Plague: a cultural fear that equated rodents and squalor with an undignified, disease-filled death.


Perhaps, then, the wretched condition of this camp is also acting on your imagination in ways you didn't think possible, inflaming inner anxieties you never knew you harbored: a harmless little rodent skitters across some rusted sheet metal outside the door, and you imagine monsters. If that's the case, then you better get a grip. It wasn't that long ago you were trying to deflect Amy's growing doubts with your own boyish optimism; now, though, you have to wonder if her prolonged absence is transferring some of her anxieties over to you. Well, you're not too sure you want them. She better return soon so she can have them back.


You make your way back down the hall toward the big room with the picnic tables, not sure what you should be doing with yourself while you wait for Amy to return. Or for that matter, how long you're supposed to be waiting. It's late in the day, and you've hiked ten miles to get here. In other words, you're hungry, you're bored, and you feel a distinct desire to make yourself useful while you wait for Amy to return.


Maybe you can satisfy all these needs by beginning the process of making dinner. After all, everything you need is right here in these two packs — everything except the water for cooking, which you should be able to get from the lake. Your pack has the Jetboil stove and the cookware; Amy has the bag full of freeze-dried food. It will be dark soon, and as things stand now you'll be looking for a campsite much too late. At least this way, one of the day's key tasks will be completed more or less on schedule.


You can't do it here, though; Amy would lose her appetite if she returned to find you preparing a meal in this squalid environment. Where else can you go? With the shower finally tapering off, the deck just outside the door is a workable option.


But there's a risk: Amy could return at any moment, and she'll want to vacate these premises almost immediately. Maybe you should start the dinner-making process, or maybe you should just wait.
> You wait for Amy to return.
You decide it's best to sit tight. There is no logical reason for Amy to be gone this long, and at any second she should be striding back through that door. Now that the shower seems to be breaking up, she'll be eager to go find a proper campsite; if you have the stove running and water boiling for dinner, that will delay your departure and irritate her more than she already is.


Any second now, you repeat to yourself. She'll be coming through that door. Yep, any second.


Or maybe any minute?


But frankly too many of those have already gone by; whatever it is she's doing out there, she's burning daylight for both of you, and there is really hardly any of that left. This delay is starting to become infuriating, although you feel helpless to do anything about it. You're sure there is a rational explanation that will make sense when she returns and tells it to you, but you can already envision her making you feel it's your fault later, when the two of you are trying to find a campsite in the dark.


"If only we had gone someplace with a lean-to and a privy," the imaginary Amy is grousing to you an hour from now, "I wouldn't've had to walk a mile in the woods just to find a place to pee!"


The future you won't question why she had to be so finicky, not openly anyway. Future you will just try to be amenable for the sake of not letting a taunt become an argument.


Still, that's a vision of the near-future that seems vaguely pleasant, if only because it implies the return of Amy and an end to all this pointless waiting. It implies she will allow you to complete this current moment and proceed to the next one. By sitting here, you feel as though she put you on pause when she left, freeze-framing her George while she stepped away so she can resume this show later, right where she left off.


To escape the dank atmosphere of the cabin, which seems to be seeping into your mood, you step back out onto the deck with its planks of softening wood. You cup your hands around your mouth and shout.


"Amy! Where are you!"


Your voice wafts across the lake in the opposite direction of the wisps of mist that now follow on the heels of the shower; it echoes faintly off some distant surface, as if someone else were also looking for Amy a few miles away.


"A-a-a-amy-y-y-y-y!" you shout even louder.


How nice it would be to have a reply. How novel, even. But aside from your distant echo, no other voices emerge from the wilderness. It is like you are alone in this gigantic landscape, this place where people build cabins, trash them, and then disappear never to return.


It is a disturbing notion. Perhaps you need to begin to expand the range of possibilities of what might've happened to Amy, and that for reasons yet unknown neither her reply nor her return will be forthcoming. It's like some old movie you saw once, but can't fully recall at the moment: she is unable to reply, or she is unwilling.


Just like that, your girlfriend's prolonged, unexplained absence becomes a mystery. If something happened — if something is wrong — then doesn't that shift a great deal of responsibility onto your shoulders? After all, you're her companion, as well as the only known person for miles around.


Only known person.


Now there's a chilling thought! What if there's an unknown threat you had not even considered until this moment?


It would be tempting to dismiss that idea as a paranoia-filled theory, but just as your chain of thoughts are ramping up into disaster-coping mode you hear the footsteps again.


Before, you had heard something outside the bunk room door — or thought you did anyway, stepping across the sheet metal. Now, there is something big moving through the trees lower down the knoll, between the camp and the shoreline. Two steps at a time, not four, like someone is moving around the brush trying to get a better look at you.


"Amy?" you say, almost certain this is the incorrect guess.


Of course there is no response. That makes the situation even more tense. You back into the cabin cautiously, but there are no further steps. It might just be a deer. It might just be a deer. It might just be a deer. But this litany isn't providing too much peace of mind. You reach the picnic table with the packs, quietly unzip the top of yours, and pull out the headlamp.
> You investigate the noise.
The headlamp has an elastic band that fits snugly around your head. You turn it on to the brightest setting, even though it's still twilight outside. It might just be a deer. It might just be a deer. It might just be a deer, you continue to tell yourself. And if that's the case, you want to blind the sumbitch.


When you return to the deck, you pause to see what else you can hear. Nothing, as it turns out, and you're not quite sure what to make of that. Is somebody lying in wait, or is there really nothing to be heard? By turning your head back and forth you point the beam of light down the tree-covered slope, but all you can see are the trees you already knew were there.


"Who's down there?" you say as firmly as you can. A slight gust rattles some leaves somewhere, and you accept that as the only response you're likely to get.


You jump down from the deck and look for a good way down. To be honest, it doesn't look like a fit place for a person to be; the bank is steep, and those spruce and balsam trees look thick. If you don't lose your footing and slip, you'll get tangled in the branches — and if you're extra unfortunate, both will happen.


"I know you're down there!" you say. "You're not fooling anyone!" But the sad truth is, of course, you have no idea who (or what) you're trying to intimidate.


The headlamp shows you nothing, just more trees, the same way turning your bright headlights on during a snow squall just shows you more snow, not more of the road. But now that you can see this bank — the approximate place where you last heard the footsteps a few moments ago — the less willing you are to go down it.


Some urge twitches the muscles in your neck, causing you to look right. It's not a premeditated motion; no known stimulus caught your attention and turned your focus. Perhaps it was an instinctual motion, triggered by a part of your nervous system that's more aware of your surroundings than your conscious mind.


But when you do turn your gaze, you catch a shadowy figure dodging the swinging beam of your headlamp. Then one more footstep across the panel of rusted sheet metal, as if made by someone running.


This inspires mixed emotions. On the one hand, someone is sneaking around this cabin site, and not in a friendly hail-fellow-hiker-well-met kind of way. On the other hand, they're running away, which implies they don't intend harm. Correct?


With more than a little trepidation, you follow the shadow. It's gone now, of course, but it had disappeared around a corner of the cabin. Stepping quietly and cautiously yourself, you leave the deck behind and approach that same corner, the headlamp still shining as bright as you can. This will be your advantage, you hope: the person you seek prefers the shadows, whereas you are the bringer of light.


When you round the corner, the headlamp shows you nothing you haven't seen before: the wind-torn piece of roofing, the door to the bunk room, the goldenrod, the poplars. Within this twilightscape there are no other people; if your visitor had been running, then they are likely a hundred yards down that old driveway by now.


Again, you have mixed thoughts about this: you're relieved the stranger is gone, but you still don't know where Amy is or what happened to her. Certainly there must be a connection between her disappearance and this stranger's shadowy presence. And if so, you know your paths are going to cross again. Soon.


But maybe he left some trace of himself when he fled. With your gaze and your light focused downward, you look for footprints or whatever in the wet weeds. All you see is some slight crookedness in the vegetation, which sort of looks like the trail a person might make, but if so it doesn't go anywhere you and Amy didn't step yourselves when you first arrived.


You take a long step across the sheet metal, wondering if you should try and follow this trace or whether it would be better to hole up inside the cabin for the night. This step puts you beyond the bunk room door, and three more take you past the next corner of the cabin.


Something to your right shrieks — a feral, cat-like howl that you can almost feel as a physical blast against your ear. It fills the forest far more effectively than your own voice had a moment ago. Reflexively you turn, and your light reveals the most bizarre sight: not a person, although you might be forgiven for misinterpreting its shadow; a fur-wraith, all fang and claw, standing on two feet and as gracile as a person, but filled with the bloody menace of a wild predator. And to erase any doubts you might have about its intentions, it tenses its muscles in a slight crouch — coiled in preparation for a pounce.


You turn and run, of course, because that's the only response your feeble brain can dream up. The creature now stands between you and the nearest door to the cabin, eliminating that option of retreat. And since you've never been to this place before and know nowhere else to go, you run back toward the driveway, the place from which you came.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide it's best to sit tight. There is no logical reason for Amy to be gone this long, and at any second she should be striding back through that door. Now that the shower seems to be breaking up, she'll be eager to go find a proper campsite; if you have the stove running and water boiling for dinner, that will delay your departure and irritate her more than she already is.


Any second now, you repeat to yourself. She'll be coming through that door. Yep, any second.


Or maybe any minute?


But frankly too many of those have already gone by; whatever it is she's doing out there, she's burning daylight for both of you, and there is really hardly any of that left. This delay is starting to become infuriating, although you feel helpless to do anything about it. You're sure there is a rational explanation that will make sense when she returns and tells it to you, but you can already envision her making you feel it's your fault later, when the two of you are trying to find a campsite in the dark.


"If only we had gone someplace with a lean-to and a privy," the imaginary Amy is grousing to you an hour from now, "I wouldn't've had to walk a mile in the woods just to find a place to pee!"


The future you won't question why she had to be so finicky, not openly anyway. Future you will just try to be amenable for the sake of not letting a taunt become an argument.


Still, that's a vision of the near-future that seems vaguely pleasant, if only because it implies the return of Amy and an end to all this pointless waiting. It implies she will allow you to complete this current moment and proceed to the next one. By sitting here, you feel as though she put you on pause when she left, freeze-framing her George while she stepped away so she can resume this show later, right where she left off.


To escape the dank atmosphere of the cabin, which seems to be seeping into your mood, you step back out onto the deck with its planks of softening wood. You cup your hands around your mouth and shout.


"Amy! Where are you!"


Your voice wafts across the lake in the opposite direction of the wisps of mist that now follow on the heels of the shower; it echoes faintly off some distant surface, as if someone else were also looking for Amy a few miles away.


"A-a-a-amy-y-y-y-y!" you shout even louder.


How nice it would be to have a reply. How novel, even. But aside from your distant echo, no other voices emerge from the wilderness. It is like you are alone in this gigantic landscape, this place where people build cabins, trash them, and then disappear never to return.


It is a disturbing notion. Perhaps you need to begin to expand the range of possibilities of what might've happened to Amy, and that for reasons yet unknown neither her reply nor her return will be forthcoming. It's like some old movie you saw once, but can't fully recall at the moment: she is unable to reply, or she is unwilling.


Just like that, your girlfriend's prolonged, unexplained absence becomes a mystery. If something happened — if something is wrong — then doesn't that shift a great deal of responsibility onto your shoulders? After all, you're her companion, as well as the only known person for miles around.


Only known person.


Now there's a chilling thought! What if there's an unknown threat you had not even considered until this moment?


It would be tempting to dismiss that idea as a paranoia-filled theory, but just as your chain of thoughts are ramping up into disaster-coping mode you hear the footsteps again.


Before, you had heard something outside the bunk room door — or thought you did anyway, stepping across the sheet metal. Now, there is something big moving through the trees lower down the knoll, between the camp and the shoreline. Two steps at a time, not four, like someone is moving around the brush trying to get a better look at you.


"Amy?" you say, almost certain this is the incorrect guess.


Of course there is no response. That makes the situation even more tense. You back into the cabin cautiously, but there are no further steps. It might just be a deer. It might just be a deer. It might just be a deer. But this litany isn't providing too much peace of mind. You reach the picnic table with the packs, quietly unzip the top of yours, and pull out the headlamp.
> You wait and hope whatever it is passes by.
It might just be a deer. It might just be a deer. It might just be a deer. You wish that repeating the thought made it more convincing. And if it were true, how foolish does that make you? What do you know about these things anyway — you, a native suburbanite from Westchester County whose outdoor knowledge, admittedly, comes largely from Instagram? You shrug inside your layers of expensive polyester and fleece, suddenly conscious that much of your experience has been purchased, not necessarily earned. Instead you wish you were some woods-wise local, the kind of person who habitually wears red wool plaid and has a head full of useful knowledge, such as how to tell the difference between a whitetail deer and a serial killer stalking you in the night.


What a curious feeling: girlfriend delayed or missing, strange noises outside, thoughts of self-inadequacy arriving unbidden. George, don't be a fool! George, don't be a fool! George, don't be a fool! You fit the headlamp over your head but keep it off, keeping still in hopes of hearing whatever there is to be heard. The damp cabin walls buffer out most of the softer outside noises, so you permit yourself the necessary steps to return to the door, standing near the Naugahyde recliner and sticking out only your head.


And indeed, it is clear you are not alone tonight. Your visitor is softly making his way up the bank, but not directly toward the deck. He is climbing at an angle up the wooded slope, taking his time with what must be a tangle of spruce and balsam. If he has a headlamp like yours, he's not using it, and if he has thoughts he is not giving them voice. The clue he is giving you, the only signs of his presence, are his footsteps.


And somehow you have the hunch that these could be better concealed too, if he so chose. He wants you to hear his approach, probably knowing full well the effect it will have on your state of mind.


But then you lose track of the footsteps for a moment, and you have no idea where the stranger is. Still on the slope, blocked by an impassible obstacle, forced to veer farther out to find a way around? Stopping to smoke a cigarette, savoring the moment? It is almost enough to draw you back out onto the deck for a better look, but perhaps that's the idea. Perhaps he has a perfectly good view of you right now, standing fearfully to the side of the doorway like an inept B-movie spy.


You back away from the door, freezing when a bit of glass cracks loudly under your hiking boot. The muscles in your body become so tense you can almost hear the tendons stretching. Then you hear the footsteps again — not near the deck, but circling around the back side of the cabin. Your visitor has passed the bunk room and is moving toward the room that once been the kitchen. With your eyes following the sounds, you realize with horror there is one aspect of this cabin you had almost forgotten:


This place has a third door, located next to the sink. It is closed now, but if that door is like the other two, there is no lock.


Outside, the visitor climbs a set of wooden steps: one, two, three. He is outside the door now. Right there, barely twenty feet away. Is there any point in pretending neither of you knows the other person is there?


"Hello?" you say, hoping this is all just a misunderstanding. Maybe Amy is just playing a prank on you, or maybe this is some other wayward hiker seeking shelter for the night, approaching a cabin they didn't expect to find, wondering if the occupant is friendly.


The problem, though, is that the facts support neither hypothesis: Amy doesn't pull pranks, and a fellow backpacker would return a friendly greeting in kind. Therefore your mind proceeds to spool out some additional scenarios: your girlfriend has been murdered, and the person who did it is now coming for you; the person who built this cabin has returned, prepared to chase off an intruder.


There is a painful cro-o-o-o-oak! as an outer screen door is pulled open, and then the wooden main door is kicked open. The light outside is dark gray, allowing you to see only the indefinite silhouette. The figure is more willowy than you had anticipated, more feminine, making you wonder if this is Amy after all—


But then the figure releases a shriek — feral and distinctly inhuman, like that of a large predatory cat. And in that moment you realize even your worst theories had been way off the mark. This threat has no explanation, has no rational reason for being. But there it is, with only a few wall studs between you.


This is beyond any situation you've ever prepared for, beyond any threat you're equipped to defend yourself against. Only one option comes to mind, and you enact it without hesitation.


Pivoting on the pulverized shard of glass, you sprint out the door and leap off the deck. In the darkness you trip hard over a tangle of wire you never saw in the weeds, but you free your foot and regain your stride. Is that… thing behind you? You can't tell, and you don't dare stop and look. But you get your answer anyway when the bunk room door bursts open behind you, spinning and landing loudly in the goldenrod. The creature shrieks again, its call filled with predatory menace, echoing off your back as you run as fast as you can toward the overgrown driveway that led you to this place.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Geek:

1. A person regarded as foolish or clumsy.

2. A person who is single-minded or accomplished in scientific or technical pursuits, but is felt to be socially inept.

3. A carnival performer whose show consists of bizarre and disgusting acts.


Your breath stinks from the foul things you’ve been eating and the rest of you stinks from not bathing in who knows when.

Your head hurts from the cheap moonshine you’ve been getting “paid” in.

Rubes often throw stuff at you and spit on you.

Most of the other Carnies find you utterly repulsive and avoid you, a couple of them just abuse you for various reasons.

On a good day, only the Pinheads come to your cell and taunt you with their gibbering laughs and mongoloid chatter.

You have absolutely no worth as a human being, you get no respect from others, and you have no respect for yourself…and why should you? You are the lowest form of life in Carney society. You’re not a real performer; what you do can’t really be considered a skill. You’re not even a real freak. At least a deformed freak can evoke an emotion of horror, or pity, or even admiration for overcoming their condition. You weren’t born “this way”. You chose to do this. All you evoke is disgust and revulsion. At best you’re laughed at and not in the good way like those pervert clowns you work with.

Fuck all that “Wildman of Borneo” shit that the Ringmaster tries to tell all the rubes. You’re little more than a bum with a “job”. A degrading job that involves you to debase yourself, all for the amusement and shock value of others, but hey it keeps a “roof” over your head and you pleasantly drunk enough to just barely forget how utterly pathetic your life is.

You are the GEEK.

You wake up to a bucket of piss being thrown in your face. Not the first time and certainly won’t be the last.

“You like the taste of that Geek? Get up Geek! The Ring Master wants to see you!” Charley orders then he throws the empty bucket at your head. The comical sound it makes hitting your skull and the pain it causes makes Charley laugh. Then he jabs you a couple times with his pointed stick.

Midgets can be so cruel…
> You go see the Ring Master
“Agh! Alright, alright! Stop poking me…what day is it?”
“Never mind all that geek! Get going you know how the Ring Master doesn’t like being kept waiting! Phew! You smell even more disgusting than usual! I guess that’s one way to keep Ajax from killing you, he’d probably vomit his guts out before he could lay a hand on you…then you could lick it up for the rubes! Ha ha! Move it Geek!”

Charley prods you with a sharp stick periodically on your way to the Ring Master’s trailer until you arrive at which point, Atlas stops the both of you.

“Stop! What business do the both of you have here?”
“Goddamnit you fuckin’ one eyed freak! We go through this all the fucking time and its getting REALLY old! You just saw me come out of the Ring Master’s trailer earlier today when he sent me to get the Geek, you know damn well what we’re both doing here!”

Ignoring Charley’s comments Atlas looks down at you and points.

“You may enter, but the Ring Master doesn’t need to see you again, so you may not.”
“Yeah, whatever enjoy the smell.” Charley says and mumbles something to himself while leaving the area.

You barely make it up the little steps to the trailer, but you do. You’re finally starting to gather your wits together; your head still hurts though and you’ve just realize you haven’t had a drink yet. What a terrible feeling. You open the door.

“Close the door, you’re letting all the sunlight in.” the Ring Master orders from behind his desk. She’s siting in his chair, but has her back turned to you.
“Uh you wanted to see me?”
“Of course…(Sniff sniff) you really haven’t been taking care of yourself. If anything you’ve become even more repulsive than when I first took you in. Remember that day?”
“Um, yeah I think…no, no I don’t. I mean kind of… I forget things.”
“I’m not surprised; you’re constantly drinking that swill Charley makes. I am surprised you haven’t gone blind yet though. Oh well what you insist on doing to yourself is of little concern to me, all I require is your obedience. You are thankful for all I have provided for you aren’t you?”
“Oh yeah. Sure I am.”
“You seem to be one of the few nowadays then. There are some though that are ungrateful for things I’ve done for them, they plan to betray me and everything this carnival stands for. They plan to change the natural order of things. Can you imagine what might happen to this carnival if I wasn’t here? What might happen to you?”

You attempt to think about this scenario, but instead you just stand there because you can’t really form anything in your mind because it hurts really bad, you’ve been sober too damn long, and it’s about to get even longer as the Ring Master seems intent on bombarding you with talk as he finally swivels around in her chair. That pale androgynous face of the Ring Master’s is displaying a look of seriousness as usual.

“Nothing good I can assure you. Which is why I’m putting YOU in charge of this task.”
“Huh? What task?”
“Why ensuring the survival of the carnival of course.”
”What!? Me?! Why? How!? I’m not qualified! Can’t you or Charley do it?”
“I fear I’ve done all I’ve can. I mean I’ve provided all of THIS to everyone here. I’ve given them purpose and a life. If that isn’t enough for them, then my words aren’t going to make a difference at this point. And as for Charley, well…I’m sure even in your usual state of drunkenness you’re aware that he has his own plans for this carnival.”
“I guess…but agh, it’s too early for all this…why me? I mean what am I supposed to do? I’m just the Geek.”
“Yes, and that’s exactly why I’m choosing you. You have no motive, you have no agenda, you have no friends, and as such you would probably be the best candidate to convince others to resist change and keep the status quo.”
“You have to be joking! Nobody’s going to listen to me! I’m the fucking Geek!”
“You might be surprised, you have far more potential than you give yourself credit for…perhaps you’ll even change some perspectives, or maybe not. The choice is yours, because the fate of THIS carnival is resting solely on your actions, you can no longer afford to hide from the world in a bottle and a cage if you wish to keep your current life. It is time for you to take some responsibility, its time to repay the debt you owe me. You have until show time.”
“But…”
“Now leave me, I wish to be alone.”

The Ring Master swivels his chair back to its original position. You head back outside, where upon Atlas blocks it again with his massive body.

Never before in your life have you been put in this kind of position of responsibility, (Not that you can remember anyway) but you’re going to have to do something, the question is what exactly?
> You obey the Ring Master
You feel you don’t really have a choice in this situation. The Ring Master is in charge and whatever he says goes and you DO owe a lot to her. As bad as it can be here sometimes, it would probably be worse if you didn’t have the protection of the Carnival.

As tempted as you are to get a drink to get you through this test you have before you, you realize you need to stay sober for this. What a terrible thing. Now you have to figure out who you need to convince.

The Freaks are firmly on the side of the Ring Master, so you don’t need to talk to them. That just leaves the Midgets and the Normals, both of those present some problems.
> You try to convince the Midgets
Charley leads the Midgets and you doubt if he’s going “fall in line” and even if he claimed he was, he’d just be lying. You might even be putting yourself in great danger by speaking to him directly about this, however you know the Midgets don’t really care for Charley, so if you could get him out of the way somehow, they might be more willing to ally with the Ring Master.

You decide to “test the waters” by speaking to one of the few Midgets (Actually the only one) that’s somewhat less hostile towards you. You see Bob working on hammering tent stakes in the ground and go up to him.

“Hey Bob, can I talk to you?”
“Aw hell Geek, I ain’t got no money for you to get fucking drunk! Just go steal the liquor from that sonofabitch Charley and take your goddamn chances!” he says barely paying attention to you.
“No, its not that…so you uh think Charley’s a son of a bitch huh?”
“I don’t think it, I know it. Everyone does.”
“So why do you guys follow him?”
“Because he does make things better for us. Better than the Ring Master did anyway.”
“Yeah, but what if he’s not the best choice to lead you guys, I mean…”

Bob raises one eyebrow and focuses all of his attention on you now.

“What the fuck are you talkin’ about Geek? You seem to be awfully interested with matters that don’t concern you.” Bob states raising his hammer menancingly.
“Well um…I just heard that…um Charley…I mean…look there’s some shit gonna go down and the Ring Master wants me to get people on his side!”

You’re unsure of what Bob’s going to do about your revelation. You expect the worst, but for once luck is on your side.

“Look Geek, I ain’t gonna lie to ya, not many of us like Charley, and sure, he’s a fucking tyrant, but he gets things done, I dunno he’s kinda like that guy in Germany, except shorter. However, if he wasn’t around, we’d go back to being second class citizens again and why? We DO keep this place running. The Ring Master claims he cares about us, but it doesn’t seem that way to us. We’re under appreciated. And if Charley does have ideas about taking over, then we’re behind him. Maybe the whole place would be run a lot better with him in charge anyway. AND I suggest you don’t talk to any other dwarves about this, you’ll find that you’ll get the same answer and they might just feel the need to tell Charley about the discussion and I don’t think that would be very good for you.”
“So there’s nothing I can do or say to change your mind?”
“Goddamn it, weren’t you fuckin’ listening Geek? I said no! Not unless you found someway of replacing Charley with someone a little more even tempered and with his business savvy.”
“Well, why don’t one of you midg…I mean dwarves do it?”
“(Sigh) Because most of us are simple laborers. We just wanna do our job with as little hassle and relax when we can, we don’t wanna be worried about extra shit. Let Charley worry about it since he wants it so bad. Besides if you haven’t noticed he’s got a mean streak a mile wide and that fuckin’ muscle bound freak Ajax around him all the time.”
“So there’s nobody who’d want to take Charley’s place?”
“Nope. The only one I can think of who’d even have the intelligence of running the criminal activity here smoothly anyway would be his overgrown girlfriend Salina. Now her I wouldn’t mind working under if you know what I mean! Hah! Now get the fuck outta here Geek, I got work to do and your smell is gonna stick to my clothes for days! Get!”

You back away from Bob before he hits you with his hammer or kicks you in the shin.

It wasn’t what you expected, but perhaps Bob has subtlety shown you a way to get the midgets to ally with the Ring Master, but of course this means talking with Salina. That could be even more risky though, considering she’s the object of Charley’s “love”. Not to mention she doesn’t particularly like you.

But then again, who does?
> You go talk to Salina
You cautiously approach Salina’s trailer, you’re nervous as hell. You stop and hide behind a nearby barrel when you see someone coming out. It’s Sasha. She looks like she’s been crying, probably about Ajax no doubt. Salina seems to be telling her something and then hugs her before closing the door. When Sasha leaves you knock on Salina’s door. She answers.

“Look, I told you…UGH! Its you! Get the fuck outta here Geek! No amount of money is gonna make me degrade myself for your festering ass! And you’re upsetting my snakes with your odor!”
“No, it’s not that, I really gotta talk to you.”
“You don’t have anything to say that I wanna waste my time OR my sense of smell on, so…”
“Please it s really important! It’s about Charley and the future of the Carnival!”

Salina raises her eyebrow.

“Hmm, very well, but you’re not coming in here, let’s go someplace secluded where nobody can see me associating with you.”

You and Salina walk to a nearby spot in the wilderness (Separately of course) to talk where you explain the situation to Salina.

“Yeah, so what does all this mean to me? If Charley takes over I win and if the Ring Master stays in power I still win. I don’t see why I should get involved in this power struggle.” Salina says unemotionally.

“You’re not looking at the big picture. As it stands now you got some measure of freedom, but if Charley wins, this place will cease being a Carnival and become a crime ring. And while you might do alright gift and money wise, you’ll be Charley’s girlfriend full time at that point with little freedom. You know he’s never going to let you do anything without his approval if he’s in power. And if the Ring Master wins, chances are the criminal activity here is gonna be severely diminished without Charley to run it, meaning you’ll probably be making less money.”
“Okay…but don’t you want the Ring Master to win?”
“Yes, but she needs allies and I’m trying to get the midgets to ally with him and they won’t if Charley’s in charge of them.”
“So I don’t understand, what exactly are you proposing? You’re kind of all over the place here.”
“I’m saying I want YOU to take over Charley’s position. You run all his business dealings.”
“What? You’re crazy Geek.”
“Why? You’re intelligent; surely you probably know all of Charley’s secrets.”
“Well THAT’S true. The little fucker insists on bragging about everything after sex, but what makes you think the midgets will follow me? I mean I’m a Normal.”
“Please, you’re a tall beautiful woman, the midgets will love you, didn’t you see Wizard of Oz? Just as long as you promise to uphold all the things Charley did like protection from being bullied by rubes and keeping their payment the same, I don’t think they’ll mind you in charge instead of Charley. Think about it, YOU could be in charge of the whole operation, and it’s not like the Ring Master will bother you as long as you don’t try to screw with the everyday Carnival workings.”

“I’d never do that, the Carnival has been like a home to me…I…”

Salina seems to stop herself before she displays too much emotion to you.

“Alright Geek, I’m willing to entertain this idea, but you have to do something for ME first.”
“Okay, what?”
“You gotta get rid of Randal.”
“What? Why? What did he do?”
“To me? Nothing, but he’s competition and I can’t have that.”
“Competition for what?”
“Nevermind, just get rid of him. Think of it this way, if you get him out of the picture, you’ll also eliminate the leader of the third faction here which would really cement the Ring Master’s supremacy here. Surely that should be incentive enough?”
“You want me to kill him?!”
“Look, I don’t care HOW you get rid of him, just get rid of him before show time. If you do that, you can tell the midgets that I’ll be taking over Charley’s position when the time comes. Now don’t speak to me again until you do this.”

Looks like you got MORE work ahead of you and you really don’t know how you’re supposed to get rid of Randal. You doubt if just asking him to leave is going to work, and while killing him would solve the problem, it’s not really that simple to just kill a man even if you had it in you.

You could really use a drink…
> You talk to Randal
You can’t kill Randal, so you’re going to have to just try to convince him to leave…somehow. You think perhaps Madam Orbec can help, since she has the most contact with him.

You approach Madam Orbec’s tent which carries an air of creepiness about it. When you enter, you see her lying on the floor convulsing.

“Madam! Are you alright?!” you run to her attempting to pick her up, but she pushes you away.

“GEEK! Take your filthy hands off of me! My body is for the spirits only! You will not molest my person lest I call down their wrath upon you! Though I’m not sure what more they could do to such a pathetic soul such as yourself, and death would be a mercy.”
“Sorry, I was just trying to help.”
“Liar! You sought me out, to help yourself! But still…your mission is a somewhat good intentioned one…even if you are in the dark about some of it…”
“What do you mean?”
“That’s for the more enlightened to know, but I’m sure you’ll find out eventually, assuming we decide to help you that is…”
“How do you know that I want your help?”
“I see what the spirits see! And the spirits see all! You’re easier to read than an open book! You want to know how to get rid of Randal.”
“How…nevermind. So how do I get rid of him? No…don’t tell me YOU want me to do something as well!”
“Actually getting rid of Randal would serve me…he wouldn’t be around hounding me and the spirits all the time for one thing. The only reason I prefer him around is that he is a balancer of this carnival…but we see things are about to change…great changes…things would be better if he wasn’t around any longer.”
“So?”

Madam Orbec begins to talk to herself.

“Should we? Maybe. What about them? Later. Yeah, let’s do it.”
“Madam?”
“Tell Randal to come to my tent, I will get rid of him. I shall tell him something that will give him cause to leave immediately. He won’t even be here for showtime. You have the word of the spirits and Madam Orbec. Now leave me, we must prepare.”

You leave Madam Orbec’s tent and go find Randal. When you do, he attempts to avoid you, but when you mention Madam Orbec wants to see him, he pushes you out of the way to meet her right away.

You follow him and watch Orbec’s tent, after awhile Randal leaves and heads back to his own tent. Orbec also exits and nods at you. You go back to Salina and tell her the news.

Salina smiles and tells you everything has been set in motion, and she’ll be ready. She then tells you to go tell the midgets.

You go back to Bob, who’d forgotten all about your discussion with him. In fact you have to remind him what it was you even discussed.

“So lemme get this straight Geek…Salina’s taking over the crime trade here?”
“Yeah, and she says everything will stay the same, the protection and the pay. All you gotta do is side with the Ring Master, after show time tonight.”
“…Alright Geek, I’ll tell the rest of the dwarves. I just hope all of you fuckers know what you’re doing, because I guarantee if we get fucked in any way in this arrangement, YOU will be the first to feel our wrath!”

You hope so too, a lot of this riding on the “word” of everyone. You don’t actually have any assurance by anyone that everything’s going to go as planned. You don’t tell the Ring Master that when you go back to his trailer though. (After getting Atlas’ permission to enter of course) you just tell her that he’ll have her allies when the time comes. The Ring Master seems confident in you and tells you to get ready for show time.

You spend your remaining time a little on edge, wondering if everything is going to work out. You really wish the Ring Master hadn’t put all this pressure on you.

Then show time arrives, everything goes pretty much the same except you’re a little distracted the entire time until you notice Randal doesn’t show up at all. You hope that’s a good sign that your plan has worked.
> You but the real show begins afterwards
A dark moonlit night.

Charley confronts the Ring Master with his army of midgets behind him as well as Ajax. The Ring Master has Atlas, and his usual allies, the Freaks are hanging in the darkness ready to strike if necessary. Most of the Normals though are nowhere to be seen. Your heart sinks…the midgets have still sided with Charley and you get so worried that you puke up the sheep testicles and pigeon heads you consumed for your act.

“Your time has come Ring Master! No longer will you exploit us! I’m taking over!”
“So you can exploit your own people of course. Charley, I’ve put up with your delusions of grandeur long enough, it ends tonight. I have allies of my own, and you might find they are much more dedicated to me than yours are.”
“It won’t work Ringy, I got more in common with my people than you ever will! Blood is thicker, and yours is going to run everywhere if you don’t peaceably leave…I’m giving you this one chance you pale she-male.”
“Not likely.”

At this point all of the freaks come out of hiding. Charley orders an attack, but the rest of the midgets do nothing…you cease worrying and Charley begins to get angry.

“What the fuck man? I told you fuckers to attack! I’m your leader!”
“Not anymore Charley…we got a new one.” Bob says.
“Who? HIM? This fucking hermaphrodite bitch?” Charley yells pointing to the Ring Master.
“No, this tattooed bitch.” Bob says calmly where upon Salina appears petting a cobra lovingly which is wrapped around her arm.
“Yes, this tattooed snake bitch to be precise. Give it up Charley; your time here is done. You don’t have any allies anymore. I’d suggest you and the muscle bound woman beater leave NOW.”
“You fucking back stabbing viper bitch…” Charley says in shock.
“Hey fuck off cunt, fore I shove that snake up your ass!” Ajax yells.
“You’re certainly welcome to try, here catch!”

Salina throws here cobra at Ajax, which lands on him, he squashes its head, but not before it bites him a couple times. He runs at Salina, but the midgets trip him up and hold him down as the poison takes effect. Salina then puts out his eye, with her stiletto heel before he succumbs leaving Charley all by himself.

“Well Charley, it seems all your grand plans have failed. You have nothing left. I’d say there’s no reason for you to stay. Atlas, if you would be so kind to escort this former employee of the premises…”

When the Ring Master says that, it typically means “Atlas, after you break his neck make sure the body is properly disposed of.”

Atlas grabs Charley who attempts to defend himself with his sharp stick, but instead it’s taken from him and broken. Then Charley’s spine is taken from him and broken. Atlas lumbers off in the darkness to get rid of Ajax and Charley’s bodies.

“So, I trust we’ll have no problems Salina?” The Ring Master asks.
“No problems from me, I have all I need, or I soon will have.”
“Good, I suggest you and your new friends get some rest, we got a big show tomorrow.”

While Salina and the munchkin brigade leave and the freaks disperse as well, the Ring Master calls you out.

“Geek, you may come out of hiding, I’m sure you can see the danger is over, not that there ever was any.”
“I can’t believe it actually worked. Everything…”
“See? I told you, you underestimated yourself. Not only did you save the Carnival, but you stabilized it even more. I told you, I saw potential even when there was none apparent. Do you still want to be a Geek? You could be so much more if you just put in the effort. Charley used to do all my leg work, but now that he’s gone I need someone else to fit that role…would you be interested? Keep in mind that this new job would require a whole lot more responsibility and significantly less drinking as I would need you in a better frame of mind.”

At one time you’d balk, but after seeing what you accomplished first hand, maybe you DO have potential. You accept and you’re given Charley’s old trailer.

Time goes by and you stumble along the way with the first few months as you still have a really bad drinking problem, but fortunately the Ring Master is slightly understanding about that, and only sends Atlas to remind you ONCE to get it under control. (That incident really sets you on the straight and narrow) you get yourself cleaned up and actually become presentable. You’re more of an organizer than a main event now, but you still go ahead and bite some chicken heads off every now and then for the kids.

Salina is a pretty fair and even handed business woman when it comes to the being new leader of the midgets. Much more than Charley, and she also has Pervus and his clown crew eliminated during one night. Apparently they got rough with one of her girls. They were all found dead the next day. Nobody said anything outright, but the fact that little snake bites were found on their bodies was a pretty good idea who was responsible. However, the Ring Master said nothing since Pervus and his friends had it coming for a long time, not to mention with them gone things actually improved morale wise. (People tend to work better when their aren’t evil demented clowns lurking around)

You also see Salina and Sasha get very close in a way that makes you tingle in the nether regions. Now you know why Salina wanted you to get rid of Randal. Without Ajax to kick her around anymore, Sasha probably would’ve fell for Randal (You also found out Madam Orbec told him he needed to leave the Carnival to find some magic book in some Mayan ruins that the spirits commanded him to retrieve…he never returned) but since he wasn’t around, she ended up with Salina. They seem to be happy though.

Actually everyone at the Carnival seems to be a lot happier and more relaxed and it’s all due to your actions.

The Ring Master has given you a second chance at life, a life with a whole hell of lot more meaning.

You’ve gotten respect at last.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You cautiously approach Salina’s trailer, you’re nervous as hell. You stop and hide behind a nearby barrel when you see someone coming out. It’s Sasha. She looks like she’s been crying, probably about Ajax no doubt. Salina seems to be telling her something and then hugs her before closing the door. When Sasha leaves you knock on Salina’s door. She answers.

“Look, I told you…UGH! Its you! Get the fuck outta here Geek! No amount of money is gonna make me degrade myself for your festering ass! And you’re upsetting my snakes with your odor!”
“No, it’s not that, I really gotta talk to you.”
“You don’t have anything to say that I wanna waste my time OR my sense of smell on, so…”
“Please it s really important! It’s about Charley and the future of the Carnival!”

Salina raises her eyebrow.

“Hmm, very well, but you’re not coming in here, let’s go someplace secluded where nobody can see me associating with you.”

You and Salina walk to a nearby spot in the wilderness (Separately of course) to talk where you explain the situation to Salina.

“Yeah, so what does all this mean to me? If Charley takes over I win and if the Ring Master stays in power I still win. I don’t see why I should get involved in this power struggle.” Salina says unemotionally.

“You’re not looking at the big picture. As it stands now you got some measure of freedom, but if Charley wins, this place will cease being a Carnival and become a crime ring. And while you might do alright gift and money wise, you’ll be Charley’s girlfriend full time at that point with little freedom. You know he’s never going to let you do anything without his approval if he’s in power. And if the Ring Master wins, chances are the criminal activity here is gonna be severely diminished without Charley to run it, meaning you’ll probably be making less money.”
“Okay…but don’t you want the Ring Master to win?”
“Yes, but she needs allies and I’m trying to get the midgets to ally with him and they won’t if Charley’s in charge of them.”
“So I don’t understand, what exactly are you proposing? You’re kind of all over the place here.”
“I’m saying I want YOU to take over Charley’s position. You run all his business dealings.”
“What? You’re crazy Geek.”
“Why? You’re intelligent; surely you probably know all of Charley’s secrets.”
“Well THAT’S true. The little fucker insists on bragging about everything after sex, but what makes you think the midgets will follow me? I mean I’m a Normal.”
“Please, you’re a tall beautiful woman, the midgets will love you, didn’t you see Wizard of Oz? Just as long as you promise to uphold all the things Charley did like protection from being bullied by rubes and keeping their payment the same, I don’t think they’ll mind you in charge instead of Charley. Think about it, YOU could be in charge of the whole operation, and it’s not like the Ring Master will bother you as long as you don’t try to screw with the everyday Carnival workings.”

“I’d never do that, the Carnival has been like a home to me…I…”

Salina seems to stop herself before she displays too much emotion to you.

“Alright Geek, I’m willing to entertain this idea, but you have to do something for ME first.”
“Okay, what?”
“You gotta get rid of Randal.”
“What? Why? What did he do?”
“To me? Nothing, but he’s competition and I can’t have that.”
“Competition for what?”
“Nevermind, just get rid of him. Think of it this way, if you get him out of the picture, you’ll also eliminate the leader of the third faction here which would really cement the Ring Master’s supremacy here. Surely that should be incentive enough?”
“You want me to kill him?!”
“Look, I don’t care HOW you get rid of him, just get rid of him before show time. If you do that, you can tell the midgets that I’ll be taking over Charley’s position when the time comes. Now don’t speak to me again until you do this.”

Looks like you got MORE work ahead of you and you really don’t know how you’re supposed to get rid of Randal. You doubt if just asking him to leave is going to work, and while killing him would solve the problem, it’s not really that simple to just kill a man even if you had it in you.

You could really use a drink…
> You kill Randal
You’ll have to kill him. It’s the only way, since he’ll never listen to you. You need a drink to get you ready for this though.

You sneak over to Charley’s still, thankfully it’s not being manned right now. You down a couple of bottle of the toxic swill, spilling some of it on yourself. After you’re sufficiently “prepared” you steal one of the midget’s hammers and head to Randal’s tent.

It’s now or never…

You enter Randal’s tent which seems a lot larger on the inside than it does on the outside, but you figure it’s the booze is effecting your perception. You see Randal getting dressed with his back to you. Excellent.

You creep as quietly as you can in your condition, step right behind him with the hammer raised up high and then…

He disappears before your eyes!

You do a double take, thinking it’s the booze again, but then you feel a tap on your shoulder, causing you to turn around to a fiery flash. Not very good in any case especially since Charley’s brew that you spilled on yourself earlier makes you quite flammable. You run around his tent attempting to put yourself out.

“Didn’t you think I could SMELL you approaching Geek?” Randal says. “I have no idea why you would attempt something so foolish as to try to kill me, but I’ve always said the Carnival would be a lot better without the likes of you! TABAXINDOGA!”

Whatever Randal just said causes all your limbs to freeze up. The good news is you aren’t on fire anymore, the bad news is you’re turning to stone! Randal looks noticeably exhausted after casting his spells, but he’s still holding all the cards.

“I hate to waste such power on you, especially before showtime. (Pant) it really takes a lot out of me, but sometimes such actions are necessary when being attacked. I’ll have to inform Madam Orbec that the new spell she taught me works perfectly… I’ll take that hammer, it’ll come in handy.”

As your body becomes completely stone, the last thing you see is Randal swinging the hammer at your head before it breaks into several pieces.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Charley leads the Midgets and you doubt if he’s going “fall in line” and even if he claimed he was, he’d just be lying. You might even be putting yourself in great danger by speaking to him directly about this, however you know the Midgets don’t really care for Charley, so if you could get him out of the way somehow, they might be more willing to ally with the Ring Master.

You decide to “test the waters” by speaking to one of the few Midgets (Actually the only one) that’s somewhat less hostile towards you. You see Bob working on hammering tent stakes in the ground and go up to him.

“Hey Bob, can I talk to you?”
“Aw hell Geek, I ain’t got no money for you to get fucking drunk! Just go steal the liquor from that sonofabitch Charley and take your goddamn chances!” he says barely paying attention to you.
“No, its not that…so you uh think Charley’s a son of a bitch huh?”
“I don’t think it, I know it. Everyone does.”
“So why do you guys follow him?”
“Because he does make things better for us. Better than the Ring Master did anyway.”
“Yeah, but what if he’s not the best choice to lead you guys, I mean…”

Bob raises one eyebrow and focuses all of his attention on you now.

“What the fuck are you talkin’ about Geek? You seem to be awfully interested with matters that don’t concern you.” Bob states raising his hammer menancingly.
“Well um…I just heard that…um Charley…I mean…look there’s some shit gonna go down and the Ring Master wants me to get people on his side!”

You’re unsure of what Bob’s going to do about your revelation. You expect the worst, but for once luck is on your side.

“Look Geek, I ain’t gonna lie to ya, not many of us like Charley, and sure, he’s a fucking tyrant, but he gets things done, I dunno he’s kinda like that guy in Germany, except shorter. However, if he wasn’t around, we’d go back to being second class citizens again and why? We DO keep this place running. The Ring Master claims he cares about us, but it doesn’t seem that way to us. We’re under appreciated. And if Charley does have ideas about taking over, then we’re behind him. Maybe the whole place would be run a lot better with him in charge anyway. AND I suggest you don’t talk to any other dwarves about this, you’ll find that you’ll get the same answer and they might just feel the need to tell Charley about the discussion and I don’t think that would be very good for you.”
“So there’s nothing I can do or say to change your mind?”
“Goddamn it, weren’t you fuckin’ listening Geek? I said no! Not unless you found someway of replacing Charley with someone a little more even tempered and with his business savvy.”
“Well, why don’t one of you midg…I mean dwarves do it?”
“(Sigh) Because most of us are simple laborers. We just wanna do our job with as little hassle and relax when we can, we don’t wanna be worried about extra shit. Let Charley worry about it since he wants it so bad. Besides if you haven’t noticed he’s got a mean streak a mile wide and that fuckin’ muscle bound freak Ajax around him all the time.”
“So there’s nobody who’d want to take Charley’s place?”
“Nope. The only one I can think of who’d even have the intelligence of running the criminal activity here smoothly anyway would be his overgrown girlfriend Salina. Now her I wouldn’t mind working under if you know what I mean! Hah! Now get the fuck outta here Geek, I got work to do and your smell is gonna stick to my clothes for days! Get!”

You back away from Bob before he hits you with his hammer or kicks you in the shin.

It wasn’t what you expected, but perhaps Bob has subtlety shown you a way to get the midgets to ally with the Ring Master, but of course this means talking with Salina. That could be even more risky though, considering she’s the object of Charley’s “love”. Not to mention she doesn’t particularly like you.

But then again, who does?
> You go convince the Normals instead
The Midgets are firmly in the camp of Charley. Your only hope is to convince the Normals and that’s not going to be easy either. A lot of them don’t like you and most of them are “unified” under Randal and he doesn’t like you either.

The only thing you can of is to talk to Madam Orbec. She has the most contact with Randal, maybe you can get her help.

You approach Madam Orbec’s tent which has an air of creepiness about it. You see her gazing into a crystal ball.

“Geek! You foul aura disturbs the spirits!”
“Um, sorry…but I need your…”
“Yes, yes, yes, I know you want my help.”
“How did you know that?”
“I see what the spirits see! And the spirits see all! You want me to convince Randal to convince the Normals to side with the Ring Master in the upcoming battle tonight!”
“Uh…yeah.”
“I suppose I could do that…but I won’t, at least not directly…”
“So you’re not going to help me?”
“I didn’t say that, the spirits say that you can’t get something for nothing however…since you seem to be in such a noble mood Geek, then you won’t mind performing another noble deed. A deed that will help you as well as us.”
“Well, what is it?”

Madam Orbec starts talking to herself.

“Could be a suicide mission. So? Yeah, no risk to us. What about the other thing? Will solve itself.”

“You must get rid of the beautiful Sasha’s abusive boyfriend Ajax once and for all. Do this and we shall help you.” Orbec says addressing you.
“WHAT?! How the hell am I supposed to do that? And why?”
“Do not question the spirits’ wisdom! Just DO! Now leave and don’t return until you complete this task!”

You exit Orbec’s tent. You’ve got an impossible job to do. Ajax is a vicious thug who beats you for fun on several occasions, there’s no way you can beat him even if you had the killer instinct which you don’t. You’re going to need some help.
> You talk to Sasha
Maybe you can talk directly to Sasha about this. Surely since she’s the one taking the abuse she’d be for getting rid of Ajax. Maybe she’ll even know some tips on weaknesses or something. You head to her trailer.

She answers the door and looks obviously disgusted.

“Ew! What’re you doing here Geek? Get outta here, you’re stinky!”
“Wait Sasha, I got a proposal for ya!”
“Excuse me?! This isn’t Salina’s trailer! And I doubt she’d degrade herself for you either! Goodbye!”
“WAIT! This is about Ajax! And about how to get rid of him for good!”

Sasha suddenly stops trying to get rid of you and seems more willing to listen.

“How?”
“I dunno, but I’ve seen how he treats you and it isn’t right. Nobody does anything, well I’m just saying I’ve had enough of seeing him push everyone around, especially you!”

Sasha looks a bit touched by your remark, but then quickly speaks.

“Okay look, he’ll be coming soon, he always has a drink when he comes over, and I’ll drug it. He’ll get drowsy and fall asleep, BUT you’ll have to finish him off. Many times I’ve though about it, but I just can never bring myself to do it…you’ll have to do it. Please free me from this brute once and for all.”
“I will Sasha.”
“Thank you…I guess underneath the grime you’re alright Geek…now go hide by that barrel over there, I’ll give the signal when he’s asleep!”

You quickly run over to the barrel and hide. Soon you see Ajax enter Sasha’s trailer. While you wait, you can’t believe what just happened. Sasha actually seemed nice to you. You’ve never experienced that before. And could it be that you saw a glint of something in her eyes when she thanked you? Maybe after all this is over you and Sasha might have something. You never thought this could be possible. You feel positive and confident…you know you’ll have the strength to do in Ajax, he doesn’t deserve a beauty like Sasha anyway. He doesn’t deserve life.

While you’re thinking about all this you see Sasha come back out of her trailer and wave at you. She has a knife in her hand, obviously what she’s going to give you to do in Ajax which you’ll take great pleasure in. After all this is over, Sasha is going to see you as her savior…

Nice fantasy Geek.

The sad truth is much worse though.

When Ajax arrived he could tell you were around because your stench was still clinging to the door. Then he questioned Sasha about it. And the funny thing about abuse victims is they always side with their abuser before siding with someone who’s trying to help them. She didn’t just tell him everything, but she’s also lured you back into the lion’s den as it were…

When you get to the doorway, Ajax pulls Sasha back inside roughly, and grabs you.

“I’ve been looking for a good excuse Geek! I’m gonna enjoy this!”

Ajax pulls you inside, and enjoys beating you to death.

Oh how he enjoys it.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The Midgets are firmly in the camp of Charley. Your only hope is to convince the Normals and that’s not going to be easy either. A lot of them don’t like you and most of them are “unified” under Randal and he doesn’t like you either.

The only thing you can of is to talk to Madam Orbec. She has the most contact with Randal, maybe you can get her help.

You approach Madam Orbec’s tent which has an air of creepiness about it. You see her gazing into a crystal ball.

“Geek! You foul aura disturbs the spirits!”
“Um, sorry…but I need your…”
“Yes, yes, yes, I know you want my help.”
“How did you know that?”
“I see what the spirits see! And the spirits see all! You want me to convince Randal to convince the Normals to side with the Ring Master in the upcoming battle tonight!”
“Uh…yeah.”
“I suppose I could do that…but I won’t, at least not directly…”
“So you’re not going to help me?”
“I didn’t say that, the spirits say that you can’t get something for nothing however…since you seem to be in such a noble mood Geek, then you won’t mind performing another noble deed. A deed that will help you as well as us.”
“Well, what is it?”

Madam Orbec starts talking to herself.

“Could be a suicide mission. So? Yeah, no risk to us. What about the other thing? Will solve itself.”

“You must get rid of the beautiful Sasha’s abusive boyfriend Ajax once and for all. Do this and we shall help you.” Orbec says addressing you.
“WHAT?! How the hell am I supposed to do that? And why?”
“Do not question the spirits’ wisdom! Just DO! Now leave and don’t return until you complete this task!”

You exit Orbec’s tent. You’ve got an impossible job to do. Ajax is a vicious thug who beats you for fun on several occasions, there’s no way you can beat him even if you had the killer instinct which you don’t. You’re going to need some help.
> You talk to Pervus
You figure Pervus the clown is the only possible candidate to help you in this endeavor. He’s immoral enough and doesn’t have any allegiances. You don’t relish the idea of going anywhere near the clown tent though; everyone knows what terrible things they do to trespassers in there. Fortunately you find Pervus harassing one of the acrobats. She looks terrified, by this scary overbearing clown

“Aw come on, I just wanna get to know ya better. You’re so pretty and young with a nice tight ass. What I could do with that for about an hour…”

Suddenly Pervus goes to grab at the acrobat, but she leaps out of the way and runs off in fear.

“Fuckin’ cock teasin’ bitch…(sniff sniff) I know that smell…smells like a dead dog’s asshole after I busted a nut in it…Geek…what the hell do you want?”
“Uh hello Pervus…I uh, need your help with something.”
“Oh do ya now? What might that be?”
“I need to get rid of Ajax and I need your help to do it.”
“Whoa, hold on there first of all what makes you think I’d help you without asking for something in return, and second of all, Ajax isn’t exactly easy prey if you know what I mean.”
“Well…what would convince you…and NOT THAT!”

Pervus chuckles.

“Feh, maybe some of my boys might like a piece of your filthy ass, but I’m a little more discriminating…actually you got me in a unique mood. I’m willing to help you. Ajax pisses me off every time I go try to get some liquor from Charley. Walkin’ around displayin’ that perfect physique. He really needs to be taken down a fuckin’ peg. In fact he NEEDS to be pegged in the fuckin’ ass. Tell ya what, you get Ajax to come over to the clown tent and we’ll do the rest. He’s had this coming for a long time.” Pervus says stroking his crotch.
“You gonna kill him?”
“No, but I suggest you not ask what we ARE going to do to him. Trust me though; you’ll never see him again.”
“Uh, okay…but how the hell am I supposed to get him to go over to your tent, nobody ever goes over there!”
“Well I suggest you think of something, if you want our help. See you later and hopefully with a certain Strongman in tow.”

Facing Ajax one on one is NOT what you had in mind! You’re going to have to do it though. You could attempt to make up a story which may or may not work, or you could go with a much dangerous approach and piss him off so he chases you there. The problem with that approach is you’re a dead Geek if he catches you.
> You convince Ajax with a story
You don’t want to piss Ajax off anymore than what’s necessary, so you decide to come up with a story that Charley needs him to go get some money the clowns to because they haven’t been paying their latest gambling debts.

You look around for Ajax, but he’s nowhere around, typical. The one time you WANT to find him you can’t. Eventually you do see him entering Sasha’s trailer, you go to knock on the door. He answers it, and already looks pissed.

“You got some fuckin’ balls Geek, disturbing me while I’m tryin’ to get me some pussy! This better be REALLY important!”
“It is, Charley wants you to go to the clown tent, apparently they gambled on something or other and didn’t pay up, so he wants you to go get the money from them.”

Ajax, gives you a hard look.

“Why didn’t Charley come tell me himself, in fact this is the first I’m hearing about this and I certainly don’t understand why he’d send YOU to tell me.”
“Well I just happened to be around at his still and he was ranting about some private bet he had with Pervus and well you know Charley…he ended up prodding me with his stick and ordered me to go get you to collect the debt from the clowns.”
“I smell bullshit and I don’t like bein’ fuckin’ disturbed from fucking my bitch, let alone by the likes of you! I dunno what your fuckin’ angle is Geek, but since you seem to be so interested in the clown tent, let’s go asshole!”

Ajax grabs you and raises you above his head with a vice like grip. You attempt to escape, but it’s useless. He walks all the way to the clown tent, where inhuman noises are emanating.

“Hey you fuckin’ clowns, here’s a new fuck toy for ya!” Ajax yells and throws you inside.

Pervus and his crew were working themselves up into a sexual frenzy waiting for Ajax to enter, but instead you got thrown in. They’re all a bit disappointed, but they fuck you anyway, no sense in wasting an erection.

You never return from the horrors inflicted on you in the tent that day, and you are forced to serve their twisted pleasures day in day out, never to exit the tent.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You figure Pervus the clown is the only possible candidate to help you in this endeavor. He’s immoral enough and doesn’t have any allegiances. You don’t relish the idea of going anywhere near the clown tent though; everyone knows what terrible things they do to trespassers in there. Fortunately you find Pervus harassing one of the acrobats. She looks terrified, by this scary overbearing clown

“Aw come on, I just wanna get to know ya better. You’re so pretty and young with a nice tight ass. What I could do with that for about an hour…”

Suddenly Pervus goes to grab at the acrobat, but she leaps out of the way and runs off in fear.

“Fuckin’ cock teasin’ bitch…(sniff sniff) I know that smell…smells like a dead dog’s asshole after I busted a nut in it…Geek…what the hell do you want?”
“Uh hello Pervus…I uh, need your help with something.”
“Oh do ya now? What might that be?”
“I need to get rid of Ajax and I need your help to do it.”
“Whoa, hold on there first of all what makes you think I’d help you without asking for something in return, and second of all, Ajax isn’t exactly easy prey if you know what I mean.”
“Well…what would convince you…and NOT THAT!”

Pervus chuckles.

“Feh, maybe some of my boys might like a piece of your filthy ass, but I’m a little more discriminating…actually you got me in a unique mood. I’m willing to help you. Ajax pisses me off every time I go try to get some liquor from Charley. Walkin’ around displayin’ that perfect physique. He really needs to be taken down a fuckin’ peg. In fact he NEEDS to be pegged in the fuckin’ ass. Tell ya what, you get Ajax to come over to the clown tent and we’ll do the rest. He’s had this coming for a long time.” Pervus says stroking his crotch.
“You gonna kill him?”
“No, but I suggest you not ask what we ARE going to do to him. Trust me though; you’ll never see him again.”
“Uh, okay…but how the hell am I supposed to get him to go over to your tent, nobody ever goes over there!”
“Well I suggest you think of something, if you want our help. See you later and hopefully with a certain Strongman in tow.”

Facing Ajax one on one is NOT what you had in mind! You’re going to have to do it though. You could attempt to make up a story which may or may not work, or you could go with a much dangerous approach and piss him off so he chases you there. The problem with that approach is you’re a dead Geek if he catches you.
> You get Ajax to chase you
He’ll see through a lie, and even if he can’t he won’t want to listen to anything you have to say anyway. There’s nothing for it, you have to have him chase you there. He’s going to be pissed off anyway.

You look around for Ajax, but he’s nowhere around, typical. The one time you WANT to find him you can’t. Eventually you do see him entering Sasha’s trailer. You take a deep breath and start throwing stones at it, calling him out.

“Hey asshole, stop hiding behind Sasha in there and get out here!”

Plink! Plink! Plink!

“Hey motherfucker I’m talkin’ to you! I know you ain’t still fuckin’ Sasha. Everyone knows you don’t last that long!”

Plink! Plink! Plink!

You’re actually having so much fun shouting and throwing things, it almost comes to a shock to you when Ajax comes storming out like a mad bull. He is wicked pissed.

“YOU’RE FUCKING DEAD GEEK!”

You throw the rest of your stones at him and run as fast as you can. You just hope you can make it to the clown tent before he catches you.

Somehow despite Ajax being in better shape than you in every way, you are surprisingly faster than him, maybe its from all that protein from the pig uteruses you’ve had to consume over the years…or perhaps its just fear. Either way it gets the job done.

You arrive at the clown tent stopping right at the entrance with Ajax not far behind; you see the glinting eyes and hellish grins peering from the unnatural darkness within it. The slurping and hideous laughter makes you REALLY hesitant to actually enter. In your current situation you feel like you’re bordering on the edge of madness with fury seeking to drive you into it.

And that’s exactly what happens, while you’re stopped at the edge of the clown tent. Ajax tackles you hard, where upon the both of you roll into the clown tent.

Its pitch dark in here and you don’t know how that’s even possible, but it is. You feel Ajax’s heavy body suddenly be lifted off of you along with several bottle sounds breaking. You can feel several glass particles fall down onto you.

“AGH FUCK MY HEAD! GODDAMN CLOWN FUCKERS!” Ajax yells.

You begin the crawl on the floor to get to the outside of the tent, but you’re not sure where the hell the entrance is anymore, the clowns have closed the flap. Apparently they have no intention on letting either of you escape. The only thing working to your advantage is they’re having a hard time subduing Ajax. It’s all very frightening to you though when you begin to hear Ajax scream in a high pitched falsetto voice, you never thought you’d ever hear something like that. The other sounds you hear from the clowns you don’t even want to think about.

You keep crawling in the darkness hoping to reach the edge of the tent. It seems like forever, but eventually you feel the canvas, you then grab at the bottom and pull up; a beam of daylight enters.

“STOP THAT GEEK!” you hear one of the clowns yell causing you to scramble out of the tent as fast as possible. You feel a hand grab your foot and attempt to pull you back in. You kick several times with your other foot and once again luck shines down and the clown releases you long enough for you to escape.

You run back to Madam Orbec’s tent, who glances up at you from her crystal ball.

“Ah, you’ve returned and from what the spirits have told me, you were successful…good. I will speak to Randal about siding with the Ring Master when the time comes. You may leave.”

You’re still a little bewildered by her attitude, but you’re not going to press the issue, you got what you wanted. Time to report back to the Ring Master.

You tell the Ring Master that he’ll have her allies when the time comes when you go back to his trailer though. (After getting Atlas’ permission to enter of course) The Ring Master seems confident in you and tells you to get ready for show time.

You spend your remaining time a little on edge, wondering if everything is going to work out. You really wish the Ring Master hadn’t put all this pressure on you.

Then show time arrives, everything goes pretty much the same except Charley looks a bit distracted the whole time as Ajax is nowhere to be seen. Pervus and his clowns seem to keep waving at you and making obscene gestures whenever they can.
> You but the real show begins afterwards
A dark moonlit night.

Charley confronts the Ring Master with his army of midgets behind him. The Ring Master has Atlas, and his usual allies, the Freaks are hanging in the darkness ready to strike if necessary. Most of the Normals though are nowhere to be seen. You hope Madam Orbec did her job, because even without Ajax, Charley still has a numerical superiority and a pissed off midget can do a lot of damage.

“Your time has come Ring Master! No longer will you exploit us! I’m taking over!”
“So you can exploit your own people of course. Charley, I’ve put up with your delusions of grandeur long enough, it ends tonight. I have allies of my own, and you might find they are much more dedicated to me than yours are.”
“It won’t work Ringy, I got more in common with my people than you ever will! Blood is thicker, and yours is going to run everywhere if you don’t peaceably leave…I’m giving you this one chance you pale she-male.”
“Not likely.”

At this point all of the freaks come out of hiding, and then Randal and most of the Normals appear as well. Pervus also shows up with his clown crew, and that’s when you see Ajax, or what’s left of him. He’s dressed in a weird leather getup and has a chain around his neck which one of the clowns is holding. There’s also a black leather mask covering his face now and some sort of ball gag…he looks completely docile and broken.

Suddenly Charley seems to get a little less hostile, the rest of the midgets also look less than willing to fight now, though he’s still not backing down completely.

“…so that’s what happened to Ajax…(Sigh)…alright Ringy you win. I can see I can’t beat you…I’ll leave. BUT! I’m taking my people with me!”
“No you won’t, they work for me.”
“The fuck I can’t! They’re still fuckin’ free people! You don’t fuckin’ OWN them Ringy! They ain’t your slaves!”
“Oh and I suppose they’re YOUR slaves eh?”
“Fuck it, let’s settle this.” Charley turns around to his fellow midgets. “Hey, do you want to work for me and make some serious money doing something a lot less menial? Or do ya wanna work for this hypocritical slave driving bitch bastard who claims everyone is free to do what they want and has his protection, but in reality she doesn’t do shit for anyone but herself and just expects everyone to obey him?”

The midgets talk to each other for a moment and then reply with a uniformed answer that they want to stay with Charley. The Ring Master actually looks surprised, she even gets mad claiming all of what he’d done for them, but it doesn’t work. Charley was right they have more in common with him than they do the Ring Master. Charley leaves with his midget gang. The Ring Master looks like he’s going to order an attack, but decides against it. Instead he just assigns some Normals to do the job of the midgets and orders the rest to seek out new recruits in the next town.

Everyone disperses leaving just the Ring Master, Atlas and you alone. The Ring Master for once looks a bit despondent. Not knowing what else to do, you attempt to lighten the situation.

“Well you won, I’m just glad I didn’t mess things up for you.”
“Yes, for now, but there will only be problems in the future. What happened to tonight was just a temporary patch for the situation…I suppose you did your best within your capabilities Geek. No more could be expected of you. The Carnival will survive, just like it always has though…return to your cell, we have a big show to do tomorrow and significantly less help.”

And you do exactly that and continue on as usual

Time passes and while nothing really changes for you, things do change…

Without the midgets around to do most of the manual labor of setting things up, some of the less talented Normals like game barkers and such have to double as laborers. This causes some bad feelings initially until the Ring Master orders the Freaks to start helping as well. The Freaks seem to dislike the fact that the Ring Master isn’t “favoring” them as much anymore, but she’s just trying to keep things fair so his Carnival stays together. The criminal activity goes down quite a bit. (Though someone’s always still making hooch so happily you still have a steady supply of booze to grab)

With Ajax out of the way Sasha grows closer to Randal who returns these feelings. This new relationship makes him a little less “uptight” and more willing to take chances and less likely to go running to Madam Orbec before he does anything. His “threats” of taking over start becoming more likely. Another rift in the Carnival is expected to occur and finally does, starting with the fiery death of Pervus and his clowns.

Since the Ring Master was always looking for more help, Pervus and his clown crew took it upon themselves to start “recruiting” unsuspecting townies and rubes to come work for the Carnival, this causes them to start engaging in debauchery on a bigger scale than before, to an extent that they become a liability and more obvious. Randal, still having a great sense of ethics and morality could not stand by and let it go on any longer. He and several other Normals set fire to the entire tent in the middle of the night killing them all. (And putting the “Gimpjax” out of his misery.)

The Ring Master was furious that Randal would take such a liberty. Another battle comes close to occurring, but fortunately for the Ring Master,(Who would’ve been greatly outnumbered) Randal doesn’t want to fight over the Carnival, instead he convinces his followers to leave while they started their OWN Carnival. One that was more family friendly and without Freaks all over the place. He leaves with Sasha and most of the other Normals in tow.

The Carnival becomes much smaller and is little more than a traveling Freak show as they are practically the only ones still left. The Ring Master doesn’t seem to mind though, as he said, the Carnival would survive, maybe not in the same way, but its still around.

And you still remain the GEEK.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Agh! Alright, alright! Stop poking me…what day is it?”
“Never mind all that geek! Get going you know how the Ring Master doesn’t like being kept waiting! Phew! You smell even more disgusting than usual! I guess that’s one way to keep Ajax from killing you, he’d probably vomit his guts out before he could lay a hand on you…then you could lick it up for the rubes! Ha ha! Move it Geek!”

Charley prods you with a sharp stick periodically on your way to the Ring Master’s trailer until you arrive at which point, Atlas stops the both of you.

“Stop! What business do the both of you have here?”
“Goddamnit you fuckin’ one eyed freak! We go through this all the fucking time and its getting REALLY old! You just saw me come out of the Ring Master’s trailer earlier today when he sent me to get the Geek, you know damn well what we’re both doing here!”

Ignoring Charley’s comments Atlas looks down at you and points.

“You may enter, but the Ring Master doesn’t need to see you again, so you may not.”
“Yeah, whatever enjoy the smell.” Charley says and mumbles something to himself while leaving the area.

You barely make it up the little steps to the trailer, but you do. You’re finally starting to gather your wits together; your head still hurts though and you’ve just realize you haven’t had a drink yet. What a terrible feeling. You open the door.

“Close the door, you’re letting all the sunlight in.” the Ring Master orders from behind his desk. She’s siting in his chair, but has her back turned to you.
“Uh you wanted to see me?”
“Of course…(Sniff sniff) you really haven’t been taking care of yourself. If anything you’ve become even more repulsive than when I first took you in. Remember that day?”
“Um, yeah I think…no, no I don’t. I mean kind of… I forget things.”
“I’m not surprised; you’re constantly drinking that swill Charley makes. I am surprised you haven’t gone blind yet though. Oh well what you insist on doing to yourself is of little concern to me, all I require is your obedience. You are thankful for all I have provided for you aren’t you?”
“Oh yeah. Sure I am.”
“You seem to be one of the few nowadays then. There are some though that are ungrateful for things I’ve done for them, they plan to betray me and everything this carnival stands for. They plan to change the natural order of things. Can you imagine what might happen to this carnival if I wasn’t here? What might happen to you?”

You attempt to think about this scenario, but instead you just stand there because you can’t really form anything in your mind because it hurts really bad, you’ve been sober too damn long, and it’s about to get even longer as the Ring Master seems intent on bombarding you with talk as he finally swivels around in her chair. That pale androgynous face of the Ring Master’s is displaying a look of seriousness as usual.

“Nothing good I can assure you. Which is why I’m putting YOU in charge of this task.”
“Huh? What task?”
“Why ensuring the survival of the carnival of course.”
”What!? Me?! Why? How!? I’m not qualified! Can’t you or Charley do it?”
“I fear I’ve done all I’ve can. I mean I’ve provided all of THIS to everyone here. I’ve given them purpose and a life. If that isn’t enough for them, then my words aren’t going to make a difference at this point. And as for Charley, well…I’m sure even in your usual state of drunkenness you’re aware that he has his own plans for this carnival.”
“I guess…but agh, it’s too early for all this…why me? I mean what am I supposed to do? I’m just the Geek.”
“Yes, and that’s exactly why I’m choosing you. You have no motive, you have no agenda, you have no friends, and as such you would probably be the best candidate to convince others to resist change and keep the status quo.”
“You have to be joking! Nobody’s going to listen to me! I’m the fucking Geek!”
“You might be surprised, you have far more potential than you give yourself credit for…perhaps you’ll even change some perspectives, or maybe not. The choice is yours, because the fate of THIS carnival is resting solely on your actions, you can no longer afford to hide from the world in a bottle and a cage if you wish to keep your current life. It is time for you to take some responsibility, its time to repay the debt you owe me. You have until show time.”
“But…”
“Now leave me, I wish to be alone.”

The Ring Master swivels his chair back to its original position. You head back outside, where upon Atlas blocks it again with his massive body.

Never before in your life have you been put in this kind of position of responsibility, (Not that you can remember anyway) but you’re going to have to do something, the question is what exactly?
> You get a drink
If you’re going to do anything you have to get a drink first, you head over to Charley’s still, you can only hope Ajax isn’t there.

“What the fuck is that smell? Oh it’s the fucking lame ass Geek, why am I not surprised?” Ajax shouts when he sees you coming.

Well so much for hope. Normally you’d run, but Charley’s also there and will keep Ajax from killing you (Maybe not beating you though) plus your reliance on alcohol in any form drives you on even in the presence of possible danger.

“Lemme guess Geek, you want a drink?” Charley asks. “Ah good ol’ predictable Geek. Here you go.”

Charley pours you some of the swill that you consider the Nectar of the Gods and drink it greedily. He pours you another when you finish it. Charley’s being unusually cool with you.

“Can’t get enough eh? Here’s another…so what’d the Ring Master want to see you for?”
“Huh?”
“I said what the fuck did the Ring Master want to see you for? Surely it wasn’t about your act, you eat disgusting shit and that’s the end of it. So what did you talk about?”

Charley’s demeanor has changed severely. He’s looking at you intently to determine if you’re going to lie to him. You’re thrown off guard and can only stutter a response.

“Um, nothing much, he, um…I mean she…uh…”
“WRONG ANSWER GEEK!” Charley yells, punching you in the nuts and at his height, he lands a good hit. You collapse like a rag doll, and then Ajax puts his foot on your neck while you hold your scrotum in pain.

Charley continues his interrogation this time with his sharp stick pointed near your eye.

“Now you’re gonna tell me what you and that pale she male freak talked about or you’ll have something in common with Atlas! Talk!”
“(Groan) Alright! Okay! The Ring Master thinks change in this carnival is coming and he wants me to convince people that they should be on his side when the shit goes down!”

Charley smirks and looks at Ajax.

“You hear that Ajax? Some SHIT is supposed to go down! This is the first I’ve heard of any shit going down! You know about any shit going down Ajax?”
“Nope. First I’ve heard of it. The only shit that goes down around here that is what this fucking Geek eats!”
“Got that right…but just in case there WAS some SHIT going down, I’d say it would be in someone’s best interest to not be on the Ring Master’s side and be doing his bidding…after all they might find themselves getting hurt very badly.”
“Charley you don’t have to worry about me! Nobody’s going to listen to me, I’m just a Geek!”
“Of course I’m not worried about you! However…if the Ring Master asked YOU to do this, there must be a reason that I’m not readily seeing…I know! You’re working for me now!”
“What?!” Ajax asks.
“What?!” you repeat.

“Yeah, all the shit the Ring Master told you to do; you’re doing for me now. Trust me you’ll be better off when I’m in charge. You can have all the booze you want, a bigger cell, hell I’ll even get you LAID! I know a couple of ladies who’ll debase themselves almost as much as you will!”

Charley then gets in your face and whispers

“And you won’t have to worry about Ajax ever hitting you again with me in charge I promise. But if you betray me, I’ll make sure Ajax breaks every bone in your goddamn body and then tosses you to Pervus and his fucked up clown army where they can skull fuck your corpse. Are we clear?”
“Yeah, yeah, sure!” you quickly say.
“Good. Ajax let him up.”

You get up and Charley addresses you before you leave.

“Remember, you have until show time Geek, and don’t even think about trying to run away, because I’ll find you and you know what happens then.”

You stagger away with your new mission, you have no idea of how to go about this, so you just think about who might need convincing.

God you could use another drink…
> You go convince the Freaks
Well, if you can get the freaks to side with Charley, everyone else should be pretty easy of course HOW you’re going to do that is another story. The Freak community is pretty loyal to the Ring Master and given your lowly status, you don’t know if they’re even going to listen to you.

You approach the freak side of the Carnival. The instant you enter their camp, you’re watched and studied by many eyes (And some of those many eyes belong to the same freak), but at least nobody throws anything at your head. You don’t get far before Jasmine the Bearded Lady stops you.

“Hey Geek! What’re you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be doing something for the Ring Master?”
“Huh? How do you know about that?”
“Because we’re his supporters obviously Geek! What he knows we know and she knows all!”

Obviously he doesn’t know all; otherwise the freaks would know you’re working for Charley now.

“Anyway, you don’t need to come here to convince us to ally with the Ring Master, our loyalty to him is well known. Though I must admit I wonder why she chose you for this task, but I guess he has her reasons. I suggest you leave now, there’s nothing else for you here Geek.”
> You tell her the Freaks should change their allegiance
“Um, Jasmine maybe you should reconsider.”
“Reconsider what?”
“Well maybe siding with the Ring Master isn’t the best thing for you guys.”

Those words suddenly causes all the freaks that were previously spying on you from their trailers, tents, and holes to come out and surround you. There’s no way to escape. Jasmine’s eyes narrow while she strokes her beard.

“Oh? And who would YOU suggest we side with?”
“Well Charley makes this place really profitable and you know you’d have protection, even more than if the Ring Master kept running things.”
“CHARLEY? That little obnoxious creep? He’s a fucking low life and with more power he’d be a fucking dictator! There wouldn’t be the freedom that the Ring Master gives us!”
“How do you know? I mean he’s a midget, that’s almost like being a freak, he might understand your struggle. I mean I do and…”

Suddenly you feel a crushing blow to the back of your head as Roger the Crustacean hits you with one of his claws. You then feel the stomping of various feet, hooves, talons and “other” on your body. You begin coughing up blood as your head is repeatedly kicked into the dirt.

Jasmine then address you again while pulling your bloody head up.

“You feel that? Hundreds of feet continuing to step on you as you struggle to rise up. THAT’S our struggle everyday. And now you know it. Hope you liked being one of us Geek.”

Jasmine then lands a crunching blow your nose, pushing the bone up into your brain, killing you and ending your misery.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Well, if you can get the freaks to side with Charley, everyone else should be pretty easy of course HOW you’re going to do that is another story. The Freak community is pretty loyal to the Ring Master and given your lowly status, you don’t know if they’re even going to listen to you.

You approach the freak side of the Carnival. The instant you enter their camp, you’re watched and studied by many eyes (And some of those many eyes belong to the same freak), but at least nobody throws anything at your head. You don’t get far before Jasmine the Bearded Lady stops you.

“Hey Geek! What’re you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be doing something for the Ring Master?”
“Huh? How do you know about that?”
“Because we’re his supporters obviously Geek! What he knows we know and she knows all!”

Obviously he doesn’t know all; otherwise the freaks would know you’re working for Charley now.

“Anyway, you don’t need to come here to convince us to ally with the Ring Master, our loyalty to him is well known. Though I must admit I wonder why she chose you for this task, but I guess he has her reasons. I suggest you leave now, there’s nothing else for you here Geek.”
> You leave
Mentioning anything against the Ring Master would be a death sentence at this point, so you keep your mouth shut and leave.

As you leave the freaks, you notice a group of Pinheads congregating behind one of the trailers, when they see you they suddenly become quiet and stare at you with vacant smiles on their distorted faces.
> You approach them
The Pinheads are behaving very oddly, normally they’re gibbering or playing, they’re hardly ever this quiet. You approach them.

“Hey, what’s going on?” you ask.

They look up at you still vacantly smiling at you.
> You talk some more
“So, are you guys getting ready for your act tonight?”

The Pinheads look at each other and then look at you and continue to smile vacantly.
> You talk even more
For some reason the Pinhead’s silence makes you feel welcome, normally everyone drives you off, you decide to talk more.

“Yeah I got a new act, I bite the head off of a cat, vomit it back up and then eat it again with rotten chicken livers.”

The Pinheads cease smiling, and begin to look utterly bored.
> You continue to talk to them
“Yeah, I remember one time I ate a dog bladder, kind of a bitter taste.”

The Pinheads are now starting to get annoyed with you as you insist on telling them your “interesting” list of past dinners.

You might want to stop. While the Pinheads aren’t normally abusive to you, you don’t exactly have a nice history with them and they have been known to get mean when something displeases them, much like young children do.
> You keep pushing it
“So one time…”
“Geek will you shut the fuck up? Shit, I can smell your rotten breath from here!” one of the Pinheads shouts, you’re absolutely stunned.

“You…you can talk?!”

The lead Pinhead gives a dirty look to the one who shouted at you, and then looks back.

“Yeah we can talk, and now YOU know we can thanks to big mouth over here! Thanks a lot Frank!”
“Well he was getting on my nerves George!”
“But…if you can talk, why do you act like idiots?”
“Why do you eat all that nasty shit? For the money of course or in your case for the booze. You think we’d make as much if we didn’t act like little retarded children? We’re fucking ugly just like any freak, but by acting like simple minded children we come across as charming and harmless…cute even. Which makes us rube favorites. Nobody knows the truth, not even the other freaks, nobody except you…I guess we’ll have to kill you.”
“Hold on wait wait! Can’t we come to an agreement here? I mean I’m not going to tell anyone! And even if I did, who’d believe me?”
“Can’t take that chance.”

You suddenly crumple to the ground and beg pathetically for your life at the feet of the George. He gives you a disdainful squinted expression.

“Get off my feet Geek! Sheesh, you’re pathetic! We probably wouldn’t have killed you, maybe just cut out your tongue.”
“So you’ll let me live?”
“Yeah, but you’re still not getting off that easy. You gotta do something for us to make us trust you.”
“What?”
“Go to the clown tent and destroy all their sex toys.”
“WHAT?!”
“Shhhh! Stop fucking drawing attention!”
“You want me to go to the clown tent? But nobody in their right mind goes in there!”
“Duh, that’s why we’re sending you.”
“Why do you want me to do this?”
“Because those pedophile ass clowns are direct competition, they always draw all the children away from our act, and we’d like to get back at them in some way. It’ll really piss off Pervus when he sees his cock ring in pieces heh heh heh.”
“I don’t wanna touch those things! Who knows where they’ve been!”
“You’re kidding me right? This coming from the guy who eats cow ass for his grand finale. Look they’re mostly all in a big wooden box anyway so just set fire to the box or something. It’s not like you have a choice in this matter.”
“I dunno, I think death might be preferable to getting caught by the clowns.”
“(Sigh) Alright, I know you’re working for Charley you wanted to convince the Freaks to side with him in this ensuing struggle coming up…don’t ask us how we know, we just do. And it’s mainly because since much like you we hear a lot more because we’re considers idiots and non-threatening. If you do this, we’ll convince the Freaks to side with Charley, again don’t ask us how…we have our ways…do we have a deal now?”

Knowing this is probably your best shot and if the Pinheads don’t kill you, Charley certainly will for your failure to get people to side with him, so you agree.

“Good, return when you’ve completed the job, we’ll be playing around in this area until show time.”

You leave the Pinheads who resume their pretend act of being morons while you resume your completely real act of being a moron for getting yourself into this mess. You don’t know how you’re going to do this.

As you approach the tent, you notice how quiet it is. Normally loud insane rowdy laughter can be heard from within, but it’s silent which almost makes it scarier. You wonder if you shouldn’t just set the WHOLE tent on fire. In some ways you’d be doing the world a favor. You do wonder about how the Ring Master can just let such evil go unchecked.
> You set the whole tent on fire
You make up your mind and decide to save yourself some risk and set the whole tent on fire. You head back the Charley’s still, which luckily is unattended right now. You steal three bottles of his stuff and his Zippo lighter that he foolishly left near the volatile concoction. Before you leave you take another drink to calm your nerves.

You return to the clown tent and start dowsing it with Charley’s booze trying not to be noticed and hopping no clown suddenly comes out of the tent. You continue to do this until you encircle the entire tent and run out of booze. You light it up…

The entire tent goes up like tinder box, you didn’t expect it to go up so fast, and you’re a little singed yourself, as you fall backwards. You scramble away as other Carneys notice what’s happened and start calling for water. The clowns soon come running out screaming horribly while burning alive. Their faces literally melting off with all the makeup they were wearing.

You are about to go see the Pinheads, but the carnival is in too much chaos, as your act of arson has had an unintended side effect. The burning clowns end up running hither, thither and yon, setting everything else on fire as well in their torment. Soon the entire Carnival is up in flames and its every man, woman, and freak for itself.

Having no other options, you keep running until you reach the nearest town. You spend a couple days just bumming around the town and sleeping in the park until one night…

“Hello, Geek.” You hear melodic voice say. Before you can reply a huge foot steps on your throat. It’s Atlas and the Ring Master.
“It wasn’t enough that you attempted to betray me, but you had to destroy my beloved Carnival. The Carnival that brought so much joy to others and gave jobs to the outcasts. Outcasts like you…well do you have anything to say?”

Atlas relaxes his foot on your throat for just a bit for you to answer.

“It…it…was an accident…”
“Hmm, an accident. Yes I made an accident too, time to correct it. Atlas.”

“N…”

Before you can get out the “o” Atlas brings his massive foot down on your throat utterly destroying your windpipe, your larynx, and your life.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“So one time…”
“Geek will you shut the fuck up? Shit, I can smell your rotten breath from here!” one of the Pinheads shouts, you’re absolutely stunned.

“You…you can talk?!”

The lead Pinhead gives a dirty look to the one who shouted at you, and then looks back.

“Yeah we can talk, and now YOU know we can thanks to big mouth over here! Thanks a lot Frank!”
“Well he was getting on my nerves George!”
“But…if you can talk, why do you act like idiots?”
“Why do you eat all that nasty shit? For the money of course or in your case for the booze. You think we’d make as much if we didn’t act like little retarded children? We’re fucking ugly just like any freak, but by acting like simple minded children we come across as charming and harmless…cute even. Which makes us rube favorites. Nobody knows the truth, not even the other freaks, nobody except you…I guess we’ll have to kill you.”
“Hold on wait wait! Can’t we come to an agreement here? I mean I’m not going to tell anyone! And even if I did, who’d believe me?”
“Can’t take that chance.”

You suddenly crumple to the ground and beg pathetically for your life at the feet of the George. He gives you a disdainful squinted expression.

“Get off my feet Geek! Sheesh, you’re pathetic! We probably wouldn’t have killed you, maybe just cut out your tongue.”
“So you’ll let me live?”
“Yeah, but you’re still not getting off that easy. You gotta do something for us to make us trust you.”
“What?”
“Go to the clown tent and destroy all their sex toys.”
“WHAT?!”
“Shhhh! Stop fucking drawing attention!”
“You want me to go to the clown tent? But nobody in their right mind goes in there!”
“Duh, that’s why we’re sending you.”
“Why do you want me to do this?”
“Because those pedophile ass clowns are direct competition, they always draw all the children away from our act, and we’d like to get back at them in some way. It’ll really piss off Pervus when he sees his cock ring in pieces heh heh heh.”
“I don’t wanna touch those things! Who knows where they’ve been!”
“You’re kidding me right? This coming from the guy who eats cow ass for his grand finale. Look they’re mostly all in a big wooden box anyway so just set fire to the box or something. It’s not like you have a choice in this matter.”
“I dunno, I think death might be preferable to getting caught by the clowns.”
“(Sigh) Alright, I know you’re working for Charley you wanted to convince the Freaks to side with him in this ensuing struggle coming up…don’t ask us how we know, we just do. And it’s mainly because since much like you we hear a lot more because we’re considers idiots and non-threatening. If you do this, we’ll convince the Freaks to side with Charley, again don’t ask us how…we have our ways…do we have a deal now?”

Knowing this is probably your best shot and if the Pinheads don’t kill you, Charley certainly will for your failure to get people to side with him, so you agree.

“Good, return when you’ve completed the job, we’ll be playing around in this area until show time.”

You leave the Pinheads who resume their pretend act of being morons while you resume your completely real act of being a moron for getting yourself into this mess. You don’t know how you’re going to do this.

As you approach the tent, you notice how quiet it is. Normally loud insane rowdy laughter can be heard from within, but it’s silent which almost makes it scarier. You wonder if you shouldn’t just set the WHOLE tent on fire. In some ways you’d be doing the world a favor. You do wonder about how the Ring Master can just let such evil go unchecked.
> You enter the tent
You cautiously enter the tent, fearing for your ass (Literally).

As it turns out, all the clowns are all passed out from the night before. Looks like it was necrophilia this time, judging from the rotting corpses lying on the floor. In fact if you weren’t so rank yourself, the smell might actually bother you. Pervus doesn’t seem to be here though.

Liquor bottles are everywhere; in fact you could probably grab one and dowse the box (Which is open and crammed full of whips, shackles and “insertion objects”) then take one of the Zippos lying on a table and light the box up easy.

This is going to be simpler than you…

Suddenly you feel a hand grab around your foot.

“Hmm, yeah come here baby…”

Before you can do anything one of the clowns has curled his face up next to your foot and began sucking your BIG TOE.

This is REALLY disgusting, even for you. The only good thing is the clown seems to still be somewhat asleep.
> You remove your foot and get out of there
As you attempt to remove your foot the clown’s grip tightens, and then he wakes up completely.

“What the…Hey fellas! Look what we got here! It’s the Geek! Let’s fuck the shit out of his ass and make him our permanent fuck toy!”

The clowns suddenly all get up from their drunken slumber and surround you, there is no escape. The horrors that are unleashed upon you that day are best left unmentioned, but you never leave that tent ever again. You are no longer known as a Geek anymore, you are something much worse…

You are now the GIMP.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You cautiously enter the tent, fearing for your ass (Literally).

As it turns out, all the clowns are all passed out from the night before. Looks like it was necrophilia this time, judging from the rotting corpses lying on the floor. In fact if you weren’t so rank yourself, the smell might actually bother you. Pervus doesn’t seem to be here though.

Liquor bottles are everywhere; in fact you could probably grab one and dowse the box (Which is open and crammed full of whips, shackles and “insertion objects”) then take one of the Zippos lying on a table and light the box up easy.

This is going to be simpler than you…

Suddenly you feel a hand grab around your foot.

“Hmm, yeah come here baby…”

Before you can do anything one of the clowns has curled his face up next to your foot and began sucking your BIG TOE.

This is REALLY disgusting, even for you. The only good thing is the clown seems to still be somewhat asleep.
> You let him suck your toe
You don’t want to risk waking him, so you just let him finish...the sucking and slurping sound is unnerving.

“Hmmm, yeah, your clit tastes so good…mmm.”

You shutter to think what clits he’s been sucking and licking if he thinks YOUR toe is one and that it tastes good!

Soon he seems to stop and mumbles something about being sorry for pissing the bed again. You safely move your foot away. Not wishing to have anything else of yours molested, you grab a bottle dowse the box, and then set it on fire with one of the lighters here and get out as fast you can. You can hear some of the clowns cursing and yelling from the tent in the distance.

When you get back to the Pinheads they’re playing with a ball and laughing. Upon seeing you, George nods in your direction, as its safe to talk with nobody around.

“I did it.”
“Yes, I know, I had Frank follow you. Good job.”
“So about your side of the deal…”
“Yes, don’t worry, we’ll honor it. Charley’s a good business man, he’ll make this place even more money…which means more money for us too, we don’t mind if he takes charge. You can go report to your new master the good news, but don’t you fucking DARE say shit about our true nature to anyone, EVER.”

You agree and leave, you tell Charley the news before show time who chuckles heartily and tells you to be ready after the show because the revolution is coming after the rubes leave. Not wishing to run into the Ring Master before hand you hang around Charley’s still which isn’t too pleasant since you have to endure Ajax’s abuse while Charley goes off to make his preparations.

Then show time arrives, everything goes pretty much the same except the Ring Master looks a little distracted the entire time and the clowns seem to be off their game tonight. The Pinheads take the opportunity to show them up in from of everyone.
> You but the real show begins afterwards
A dark moonlit night.

Charley confronts the Ring Master with his army of midgets behind him as well as Ajax. The Ring Master has Atlas, and looks around for his usual allies, the Freaks, but they’re nowhere around. The Normals seem to be staying out of the fight for the most part, but chances are some of them will take one side or the other.

“Your time has come Ring Master! No longer will you exploit us! I’m taking over!”
“And you all feel this way? You’d rather follow this criminal who’ll be corrupt? You really think he’s doing this out of some noble moral code? Obviously you must be blind if you don’t see that rule by this degenerate will be worse than anything you THINK I’m doing…but I leave it up to you…”
“It won’t work Ringy, I got more in common with my people than you do! Blood is thicker, and yours is going to run everywhere if you don’t peaceably leave…I’m giving you this one chance you pale she-male.”
“Not likely, I have my own friends as you know.”

The Ring Master whistles and you arrive with all the Freaks behind you. He looks surprised to see you.

“Geek?”
“Sorry, Ring Master, but we made a better deal.” You say and the Freaks advance.
“NO! Atlas, it’s just me and you now!”

The battle ensues, though it’s not really a battle. A few of the normals side with the Ring Master, but sensing Charley’s got the winning hand most of them either just stay out of it or directly side with him. The only thing that makes the battle last longer is the fact that Pervus and his clowns side with the Ring Master as they still were mad about the Pinheads embarrassing them at show time. Atlas and Ajax lock horns, and while Atlas kills Ajax in the struggle, he is easily taken down by the midgets afterwards. Pervus and the clowns do some damage, but likewise they too are taken down.

On the side lines watching, the bloodshed is too much for Randal and he leaves during the battle which has forever destroying his love of the carnival. Sasha leaves with him seeing that Ajax is no longer alive to hold power over her.

Finally in the last moments Charley laughs as he stands over the Ring Master’s body which is now lifeless with Charley’s sharp stick through its heart. Meanwhile you were hiding during all this, but Charley calls you out.

“Hey Geek! Come out you fuckin’ coward! We won! Come out, you ain’t gotta worry about Ajax anymore his goddamn neck is twisted all the way around, damn shame.”
“…I’m here Charley.”
“Good, unzip the Ring Master’s pants.”
“What?”
“Unzip the Ring Master’s pants, I wanna see what the hell he or she was packing. I had a bet going with Ajax and while I’m just gonna take everything from his trailer anyway, I still wanna see if I would’ve won fairly.”

You’re a little hesitant, but your crouch over the body and start unzipping the Ring Master’s pants. A crowd begins to form around you. Normal, Midget and Freak alike.

“Come on come Geek, we ain’t got all fuckin’ night.” Charley says while kicking you in the ribs.

You pull down the underwear…

“EEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWW!” the crowd shouts in unison.
“Holy shit!” you say falling back.
“Ha ha, I knew it!” Charley chuckles before continuing.

“Alright you lot, I want all these bodies cleaned up and disposed of before we head out to the next town, and Salina I want YOU in my new trailer to help me celebrate this glorious victory!”

And so begins the reign of Charley the Ringmaster. Under his guidance midgets run everything and the Carnival doesn’t so much resemble a Carnival as it resembles a mobile grifting ring. While regular carnival activities still abound, they’re more of a cover than anything. In time, most of the high maintenance acts are done away with and eventually only thing that stays completely the same is the freak show, just to upkeep the front for what’s really going on. The Pinheads get their own special attraction since they take up the clown vacancy.

You do somewhat better under the new management. You still do your act as it’s still a big draw; you get lumped in with the Freak Show. You don’t need to put up with Ajax’s abuse anymore so fearing for your life isn’t a factor. (Though the Pinheads still verbally warn you every now and then to ensure your secrecy) Charley uses you as a gopher, so you’re actually making money now (If little). He still kicks you around for his amusement, and is prone to dump a bucket of piss in your face to wake you up, but it’s better than what a Geek like you could’ve hoped for.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Yeah, I remember one time I ate a dog bladder, kind of a bitter taste.”

The Pinheads are now starting to get annoyed with you as you insist on telling them your “interesting” list of past dinners.

You might want to stop. While the Pinheads aren’t normally abusive to you, you don’t exactly have a nice history with them and they have been known to get mean when something displeases them, much like young children do.
> You go talk to the Normals
Since the Freaks are firmly behind the Ring Master, you might as well talk to the Normals, the problem is you have to talk to someone with some pull with most of them, and Remarkable Randal is the only one who has that in any great capacity and getting him to side with Charley is out of the question.

At least directly.

It’s possible you could talk with Madam Orbec and get her to convince Randal to change his stance since he follows anything she says; also she’s less likely to throw something at your head when she sees you approach.

You head towards Madam Orbec’s tent, which has an air of creepiness surrounding it. You enter the tent and immediately get your usual welcome.

“Geek! Begone from this place! Do not assault the spirits with your foulness!” Madam Orbec commands.
“They’re dead; I don’t really see how my smell can affect them.”
“It’s not your odor that offends the spirits, it’s your aura! We do not want you in our presence! Away with you, we have no wish to be involved in your underhanded dealings!”
“How do you know what I’m here for?”
“Fool! I am Madam Orbec! I see all that the spirits see! You’re working with that miscreant Charley in an attempt to take over the Carnival and you’re hoping to influence me so that I may in turn influence Randal to convince the normals to side with him.”
“Well since you know…Madam?”

Madam Orbec begins to clutch her head and writhe on the floor talking to herself.

“Yes. But no! Maybe? Perhaps. If he can pull it off. Is he capable? I doubt it. We must try. Whatever, just get him out of here!”

Madam Orbec suddenly stops and slowly sits up.

“You need to expose those of the small craniums.”
“What?”
“The Pinheads. You need to show their true nature to the public.”
“True nature? What’re you talking about? Why”
“That is all the spirits have told me, their reasons are not to be questioned, but I have been advised to help you in your treacherous endeavor if you accomplish this objective. Now leave and do not return unless you are successful.”

At this point Madam Orbec seems to go into a cationic trance. You take your opportunity to leave and ponder what the hell her cryptic ramblings were about. All you know for certain is that you have to do something to the Pinheads. Expose their true nature, though you can’t imagine what that could be.

You could try spying on them and see what you can find out, or maybe a more direct approach would work.
> You spy on them
You head towards the Freak side of the carnival and try to find the Pinheads, when you see them you notice they’re all congregated together in a relatively secluded area. Almost as if they’re in a meeting. How odd.

They haven’t seen you yet, so you take the opportunity to get closer by sneaking around behind them and hiding behind a barrel. You prop your back up against it, close your eyes and pretend to be passed out, just in case someone passes by, wondering what you’re doing. You then attempt to listen and you can’t believe what you’re hearing…

“So George did you hear what’s going on in Germany?”
“Yeah, it wouldn’t surprise me if we had to go to war with them…AGAIN.”
“Well maybe a war would be good for the economy.”
“Maybe, I doubt if it could get any worse.”
“Yeah, but if we go to war that means less people coming to this Carnival, and that’s not good for our income.”
“Oh I don’t know about that. History has shown that in hard times, people are actually more inclined to want to escape reality and that’s what this Carnival is all about; escaping reality.”

The Pinheads are discussing world matters! All this time they’ve been acting like idiot children and they’re actually intelligent! You get enthralled by more of their conversation. They begin discussing literature, science, philosophy and other topics that are far above your comprehension or even a normal person’s comprehension.

Unfortunately since you’re not actually watching them and just listening, you don’t see what some of them do. The Pinheads realize you’ve been spying on them mainly due to your powerful smell which is unmistakable at this range. A couple of them did a bit of sneaking around on their own while the others continued the conversation to keep you put until they got into position.

“Psst! Hey Geek, over here!”

You open your eyes just in time to see a baseball smash into your face, breaking your nose. You curl in a fetal position while holding your nose and resisting the urge to yell. You pretend you’re still drunk, hoping you can throw them off suspicion. It doesn’t work though. The Pinheads have been fooling everyone for so long they’re experts in seeing through a fake act as pathetic as yours and even if they couldn’t they still wouldn’t want to take the chance of you blabbing.

“Shoulda stayed in your cell today Geek.” are the last words you hear as a crowd of angry little squinty faces stare down at you, before they beat you to death and then dump your body in the clown tent.

You really don’t want to know what happens after that.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Since the Freaks are firmly behind the Ring Master, you might as well talk to the Normals, the problem is you have to talk to someone with some pull with most of them, and Remarkable Randal is the only one who has that in any great capacity and getting him to side with Charley is out of the question.

At least directly.

It’s possible you could talk with Madam Orbec and get her to convince Randal to change his stance since he follows anything she says; also she’s less likely to throw something at your head when she sees you approach.

You head towards Madam Orbec’s tent, which has an air of creepiness surrounding it. You enter the tent and immediately get your usual welcome.

“Geek! Begone from this place! Do not assault the spirits with your foulness!” Madam Orbec commands.
“They’re dead; I don’t really see how my smell can affect them.”
“It’s not your odor that offends the spirits, it’s your aura! We do not want you in our presence! Away with you, we have no wish to be involved in your underhanded dealings!”
“How do you know what I’m here for?”
“Fool! I am Madam Orbec! I see all that the spirits see! You’re working with that miscreant Charley in an attempt to take over the Carnival and you’re hoping to influence me so that I may in turn influence Randal to convince the normals to side with him.”
“Well since you know…Madam?”

Madam Orbec begins to clutch her head and writhe on the floor talking to herself.

“Yes. But no! Maybe? Perhaps. If he can pull it off. Is he capable? I doubt it. We must try. Whatever, just get him out of here!”

Madam Orbec suddenly stops and slowly sits up.

“You need to expose those of the small craniums.”
“What?”
“The Pinheads. You need to show their true nature to the public.”
“True nature? What’re you talking about? Why”
“That is all the spirits have told me, their reasons are not to be questioned, but I have been advised to help you in your treacherous endeavor if you accomplish this objective. Now leave and do not return unless you are successful.”

At this point Madam Orbec seems to go into a cationic trance. You take your opportunity to leave and ponder what the hell her cryptic ramblings were about. All you know for certain is that you have to do something to the Pinheads. Expose their true nature, though you can’t imagine what that could be.

You could try spying on them and see what you can find out, or maybe a more direct approach would work.
> You direct approach
You can’t think of anything else to do, so you wait around for the Pinheads to come running around the Carnival like they usually do. When you see them gleefully playing catch with a baseball with each other, you insist on joining in

The Pinheads look a little bewildered by your actions at first, and when you actually get a hold of the ball and toss it back at them, they start getting noticeably angry. A few of them start pushing you and attempting to trip you up. You continue to antagonize them by “playing” with them. Until one of them says something out loud surprising everyone.

“GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE GEEK! YOU’RE FUCKING STINKING UP THE PLACE!”

This one hostile sentence shows a coherency that the Pinheads have never displayed before, and shouting it in public for the rest of the Carneys to hear has outted them.

“Fucking Pinheads can talk!” someone shouts.

At this point the Pinheads start arguing with themselves and attempting to cover up their mistake, but its too late now. You slip away and head back to Madam Orbec.

When you get to Orbec’s tent, she’s talking to herself as usual (Or the “spirits” rather)

“No, I don’t like that. Well if you moved a little more. NO! YOU CAN’T FUCK ME IN THE ASS! Oh fuck it then.”
“Um, am I interrupting something intimate?”
“The Geek returns! And I see you have been successful in your mission. The spirits thank you and you can be sure the Normals will be on your side when the time comes. Now leave us we are discussing something important.”
“Wait, can you at least tell me why you…I mean the spirits wanted the Pinheads exposed?”
“I suppose. Does he need an answer? Probably not. Then why tell? You’re right.” Then Madam Orbec answers you directly.
“No, now leave before we change our mind.”

Not wishing to undo your work, you leave and head back to Charley, who you see walking around looking for you.

“Hey there you are Geek! What’s all this I’ve been hearing about you fucking around with the Pinheads? You’re supposed to be doin’ shit for me, I hope you’ve been making progress in that little endeavor.”
“I have. I got the Normals to side with us.”

Charley chuckles heartily and tells you to be ready after the show because the revolution is coming after the rubes leave. Not wishing to run into the Ring Master before hand you hang around Charley’s still which isn’t too pleasant since you have to endure Ajax’s abuse while Charley goes off to make his preparations.

Then show time arrives, everything goes pretty much the same except the Ring Master looks a little distracted the entire time and the Pinheads don’t show up at all, apparently their exposure caused some trouble with other Carneys (All of them Normals) who didn’t like the fake act they were doing just to get paid more and taking money out of the pockets of performers who had real talents. (Tricking rubes is one thing, but fucking over other Carneys is frowned upon… if you get caught)
> You but the real show begins aftterwards
A dark moonlit night.

Charley confronts the Ring Master with his army of midgets behind him as well as Ajax. The Ring Master has Atlas, and his usual allies, the Freaks are hanging in the darkness ready to strike if necessary. Most of the Normals though are nowhere to be seen.

“Your time has come Ring Master! No longer will you exploit us! I’m taking over!”
“And you all feel this way? You’d rather follow this criminal who’ll be corrupt? You really think he’s doing this out of some noble moral code? Obviously you must be blind if you don’t see that rule by this degenerate will be worse than anything you THINK I’m doing…but I leave it up to you…”
“It won’t work Ringy, I got more in common with my people than you do! Blood is thicker, and yours is going to run everywhere if you don’t peaceably leave…I’m giving you this one chance you pale she-male.”
“Not likely, I have my own friends as you know.”

The Ring Master whistles and his Freaks show up, but Charley doesn’t look impressed.

“Geek?”
“Sorry, Ring Master, but we made a better deal.” You say and show up with a bunch of Normals behind you, and then Randal shows up on the other side with a bunch of Normals behind him as well.
“I see. So you’ve all decided to throw your lot in with petty criminal activity. I’m glad to see your hypocrisy show its true face Randal, and Geek, I’m very disappointed in you. Very well, if I die this day, it’ll be beside those who are the true heart of Carnival! ATTACK!”

The battle ensues, though it’s not really a battle. A few of the Normals side with the Ring Master, but most of them are on Charley’s side. The only thing that makes the battle last longer is the fact that the Freaks are fierce fighters. Atlas and Ajax lock horns, and while Atlas nearly kills Ajax, Randal does a couple of his magic tricks and blinds Atlas with a bright light, giving Ajax enough time to kill him.

On the side lines watching, is Pervus and his clown gang masturbating to the carnage.

Finally in the last moments Charley laughs as he stands over the Ring Master’s body which is now lifeless with Charley’s sharp stick through its heart; the last “Freak” to die. Meanwhile you were hiding during all this, but Charley calls you out.

“Hey Geek! Come out you fuckin’ coward! We won!”
“Yeah come out, you fucking useless piece of shit! I’m too tired to do anything to you right now.” Ajax adds.
“…I’m here Charley.”
“Good, unzip the Ring Master’s pants.”
“What?”
“Unzip the Ring Master’s pants; I wanna see what the hell he or she was packing. I have a bet going with Ajax and we wanna see who won.”

You’re a little hesitant, but your crouch over the body and start unzipping the Ring Master’s pants. A crowd begins to form around you. Normal and Midget alike.

“Come on come Geek, we ain’t got all fuckin’ night!” Ajax says while kicking you in the ribs.

You pull down the underwear…

“EEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWW!” the crowd shouts in unison.
“Holy shit!” you say falling back.
“Ha ha, I knew it! I fucking won!” Charley chuckles.
“Shit! Fuck!” Ajax shouts and starts beating you to take his frustrations out.

“Alright you lot, I want all these bodies cleaned up and disposed of before we head out to the next town, and Salina I want YOU in my new trailer to help me celebrate this glorious victory!”

And so begins the reign of Charley the Ringmaster. Under his guidance midgets run everything and the Carnival doesn’t so much resemble a Carnival as it resembles a mobile grifting ring. While regular carnival activities still abound, they’re more of a cover than anything. In time though problems occur. Randal and Charley begin to come into conflict as Randal begins to regret his decision to side with him as well as his disapproval of what’s become of the Carnival. Another division begins to occur, but one on a smaller scale as Charley’s corrupting influence has infected most of the remaining Carneys at this point. Things really come to a head when Ajax suspects Sasha of having an affair with Randal. Eventually Randal, a few of his remaining “followers” AND Sasha are all killed in the middle of night and their bodies dumped in the river. Lacking any more “true talent” or even sideshow freaks, the Carnival is disbanded entirely and Charley and Ajax set up headquarters permanently in a sleazy small town where they primarily run the place. Proving that crime does pay.

You on the other hand don’t do so well. While the Carnival was still around, you were routinely abused by Charley or Ajax more so than you normally were. When the Carnival disbanded you didn’t really have anywhere else to go, so you became the town drunk. Not really needing you anymore and having moved on to more important things, Charley forgets all about you, which leads to one dark rainy night when Ajax comes across you sleeping behind one of his bars. Not being reined in anymore, he does to you what he’s always wanted to do.

He beats you death, laughing the whole time.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Agh! Alright, alright! Stop poking me…what day is it?”
“Never mind all that geek! Get going you know how the Ring Master doesn’t like being kept waiting! Phew! You smell even more disgusting than usual! I guess that’s one way to keep Ajax from killing you, he’d probably vomit his guts out before he could lay a hand on you…then you could lick it up for the rubes! Ha ha! Move it Geek!”

Charley prods you with a sharp stick periodically on your way to the Ring Master’s trailer until you arrive at which point, Atlas stops the both of you.

“Stop! What business do the both of you have here?”
“Goddamnit you fuckin’ one eyed freak! We go through this all the fucking time and its getting REALLY old! You just saw me come out of the Ring Master’s trailer earlier today when he sent me to get the Geek, you know damn well what we’re both doing here!”

Ignoring Charley’s comments Atlas looks down at you and points.

“You may enter, but the Ring Master doesn’t need to see you again, so you may not.”
“Yeah, whatever enjoy the smell.” Charley says and mumbles something to himself while leaving the area.

You barely make it up the little steps to the trailer, but you do. You’re finally starting to gather your wits together; your head still hurts though and you’ve just realize you haven’t had a drink yet. What a terrible feeling. You open the door.

“Close the door, you’re letting all the sunlight in.” the Ring Master orders from behind his desk. She’s siting in his chair, but has her back turned to you.
“Uh you wanted to see me?”
“Of course…(Sniff sniff) you really haven’t been taking care of yourself. If anything you’ve become even more repulsive than when I first took you in. Remember that day?”
“Um, yeah I think…no, no I don’t. I mean kind of… I forget things.”
“I’m not surprised; you’re constantly drinking that swill Charley makes. I am surprised you haven’t gone blind yet though. Oh well what you insist on doing to yourself is of little concern to me, all I require is your obedience. You are thankful for all I have provided for you aren’t you?”
“Oh yeah. Sure I am.”
“You seem to be one of the few nowadays then. There are some though that are ungrateful for things I’ve done for them, they plan to betray me and everything this carnival stands for. They plan to change the natural order of things. Can you imagine what might happen to this carnival if I wasn’t here? What might happen to you?”

You attempt to think about this scenario, but instead you just stand there because you can’t really form anything in your mind because it hurts really bad, you’ve been sober too damn long, and it’s about to get even longer as the Ring Master seems intent on bombarding you with talk as he finally swivels around in her chair. That pale androgynous face of the Ring Master’s is displaying a look of seriousness as usual.

“Nothing good I can assure you. Which is why I’m putting YOU in charge of this task.”
“Huh? What task?”
“Why ensuring the survival of the carnival of course.”
”What!? Me?! Why? How!? I’m not qualified! Can’t you or Charley do it?”
“I fear I’ve done all I’ve can. I mean I’ve provided all of THIS to everyone here. I’ve given them purpose and a life. If that isn’t enough for them, then my words aren’t going to make a difference at this point. And as for Charley, well…I’m sure even in your usual state of drunkenness you’re aware that he has his own plans for this carnival.”
“I guess…but agh, it’s too early for all this…why me? I mean what am I supposed to do? I’m just the Geek.”
“Yes, and that’s exactly why I’m choosing you. You have no motive, you have no agenda, you have no friends, and as such you would probably be the best candidate to convince others to resist change and keep the status quo.”
“You have to be joking! Nobody’s going to listen to me! I’m the fucking Geek!”
“You might be surprised, you have far more potential than you give yourself credit for…perhaps you’ll even change some perspectives, or maybe not. The choice is yours, because the fate of THIS carnival is resting solely on your actions, you can no longer afford to hide from the world in a bottle and a cage if you wish to keep your current life. It is time for you to take some responsibility, its time to repay the debt you owe me. You have until show time.”
“But…”
“Now leave me, I wish to be alone.”

The Ring Master swivels his chair back to its original position. You head back outside, where upon Atlas blocks it again with his massive body.

Never before in your life have you been put in this kind of position of responsibility, (Not that you can remember anyway) but you’re going to have to do something, the question is what exactly?
> You do something else
This mission that’s been given to you by the Ring Master has gotten you all shook up. You don’t want all this pressure, yet you’re too scared to leave. This is the only place that accepts you somewhat.

You’re too distracted to even get a drink! You’d rather not have to deal with Charley or especially Ajax right now either. Sometimes you just wish you didn’t have to live an utterly pathetic existence.

While you’re attempting to find some place dark to crawl into and hide, you literally bump into Remarkable Randal.

“Oof! Watch it you smelly, ugly, Geek! Honestly it’s bad enough this Carnival has Freaks and criminal Midgets, but honestly having YOU here defies all logic. If I ran this Carnival things would be different! What are you doing out of your cell anyway? Doesn’t the Ring Master usually keep you locked up until show time?”
“Oh, um he wanted to talk to me about something.”
“She did? What about?”
“Oh about my act, and uh…doing…um…something.”

Randal’s normal distain for you changes to one of interest. He studies you for a moment before speaking.

“So the Ring Master has entrusted YOU to save this place? Hah! She MUST be desperate!”
“Huh? What? How did you know?”
“Madam Orbec has been teaching me how to contact the spirit world and read into people’s souls. And yours is an easy read indeed, such as it is…perhaps our meeting has its purpose however. After reading your soul I can see something within you that may be worth saving. I never thought it possible, but I think I may be able to help you and your situation Geek.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Yes you do. Maybe you try to block it out of your mind with that swill you drink from Charley, but deep down you hate what you are and your retched life. And you should. You’re a sorry excuse for a human being, in fact you aren’t really even human anymore, you’re sub-human. However, you have a chance to regain your humanity back, and even become a useful member of this Carnival again. And I’ll help you, if you help me.”
“How am I supposed to help you?”
“A simple task really. All I want you to do is go get Madam Orbec’s black book. She keeps it by her bed. You’ll know it when you see it.”
“What?! You want me to steal from her? I thought she was supposed to be your mentor or something!”
“Shhhhh! Keep it down Geek! Look. Madam Orbec IS my mentor and I’ll always be grateful for what she’s taught me. I’ve always believed in magic, but without her teachings, I wouldn’t be a magician, I’d only be an illusionist.”
“There’s a difference?” you interrupt.
“Oh yes, Geek. Oh yes. Anyway, you’re not stealing the book, I just need to borrow it for awhile because its time for me to learn more. I think Madam Orbec is afraid I’m not yet prepared to learn the secrets that lie inside her black book. But I know I am, and its time for me to prove it to her. She’ll be so proud when she sees what I’ll be able to do.”
“So what’re you going to do with it?”
“I’m going to use its powers to help me take over the Carnival of course.”
“What?! I’m not helping you do that! I’m supposed to be helping the Ring Master anyway!”
“Why? Seriously, what has the Ring Master really done for you? Given you a job? The Ring Master is exploiting you for his own personal gain. She cares nothing for you. He just saw a useless dreg of society and turned you into something that could somehow make money for her. Assuming you helped the Ring Master and were even successful, think about it, you’d just go back to your living your miserable life. Is mere existence just enough for you? Isn’t it time you wanted MORE out of life?”

You’re quiet. You don’t think anyone’s even asked you that question, even before you became a geek, and you’re really surprised to hear it coming from Randal. Someone who has nothing, but distaste for you.

“I dunno, I think I’m pretty bad off. I don’t think there’s anything I can do to improve myself at this point.”
“Nonsense, there’s always a way and your first step is by helping me. Look. Maybe you are what you are and I don’t like it, but I do see that underneath it all you ARE a Normal. You should be on my side anyway; I can help you be something more than a geek. With magic anything is possible! Retrieve that book for me and I’ll turn this Carnival into something much more than what it is and I’ll turn you into something much more than what you could’ve thought possible.”

Something about Randal makes you believe him. You can understand why people do tend to want to follow him. Maybe things would be better if he took over. He certainly seems more caring than the Ring Master and a hell of a lot better in general than Charley.

“Okay, I’ll help you, but I dunno how I’m gonna ste…I mean borrow the book.”
“Well I leave that up to you, but make sure you get the book to me before show time and don’t come back to me until then.”

Randal leaves you to it, but you’re still not sure how you’re going to go about this. If Randal can read your intentions then Madam Orbec will certainly be able to read yours. It occurs to you, that you might need some help from the less “moral” people here. And you can’t ask Charley to help you for several reasons.

You could go to Pervus for help. If murder and sexual deviancy is no problem for him then surely a little theft won’t be either. And he’s usually up for doing anything remotely illegal.

You could also go see Salina. Besides prostitution she’s known to be good at theft as well, though her helping you is a real long shot.
> You go see Pervus
You decide Pervus would be a better choice. Probably not the safest, but he’s more likely to help you.

You’re hesitant to go anywhere near the clown tent to get him though, however for once luck is with you and you see him around the animals talking to a horse.

“Hmmm, yeah. You’re a pretty filly. Yes you are. Let me tell you what I’m gonna do…(sniff) you smell different than usual.” Pervus then turns around. “Oh it’s you Geek. What the fuck do you want? Can’t you see I’m with a lady?”
“Hey um, Pervus I need your help with something.”
“Oh do ya now?”
“I need to borrow a black book from Madam Orbec, and I need you to distract her.”
“Hmm, normally I wouldn’t help you do shit, but I’m kinda in the mood for some OLD pussy right now. Yeah I’ll distract her, I know exactly how to distract her.” Pervus say while stoking his crotch.
“Um hold on, you’re not gonna rape and kill her are ya?”
“I won’t kill her…oh fine I won’t rape her either. Probably won’t be necessary anyway, I’ve always had a way with the ladies…sorry old girl, but I’ll have to be fucking you some other time.” Pervus remarks and pats the horse on the head before following you.

You both approach Madam Orbec’s tent which has an air of creepiness about it. Pervus has a look of crazed lust in his eyes. He’s starting to breathe heavily and doing a lot of slurping.

“Oh fuck yeah, this is gonna be soooooooo good.”

He said he wasn’t going to do anything excessive, but now you’re not so sure…
> You continue with the plan
All that really concerns you is getting that book, because if you don’t get Randal’s help, the Ring Master is certainly going to kill you when she finds out you’ve turned traitor.

Pervus enters the tent and you sneak around back and begin trying to lift up a small portion of it to crawl in.

You hear a lot of noise and some protesting, while you’re doing this, when you finally get in, Pervus is having his way with Madam Orbec, completely oblivious to you and Madam Orbec isn’t making a sound…you don’t like the looks of this.

You turn to your left and see you’re right by her bed, next to that is her dresser which has the book on it. You grab it and crawl back out as quickly as you can. You run and don’t look back.

When you get back to Randal he wonder’s why the hell you’re so worked up.

“(Pant) I got the book.”
“Phew! Well don’t breathe all over me, just gimme the thing! Excellent. I’ll study what I can tonight before show time and then afterwards we’ll see who the new master is! And what’s wrong with you Geek? Why are breathing so heavy and looking around…you didn’t let Madam Orbec see you borrow this did you?!”
“No, not at all. I’m just winded from trying to get out there without her seeing me!”
“Well you better make yourself scarce until showtime anyway. I’m sure you wouldn’t want to run into the Ring Master before hand. Relax, I will keep my end of the bargain. Now go.”

You leave and linger around the edges of the Carnival, staying out of sight until show time. What happened back at Madam Orbec’s tent still has you unnerved a bit. You know it’s only a matter a time before everyone finds out, before Randal finds out. She was basically like a mother figure to him. You didn’t think Pervus would kill her, unless he didn’t mean to and more likely he was just so overwhelmed with lust that he didn’t care at that point.

In fact you’re a little worried about being here by yourself with no one around. You half think Pervus is going to leap out somewhere and kill you too to shut you up. It would be exactly like him to do something like that. In fact now you think its weird to you that he HASN’T shown up to kill you.

You’ve got a lot of potential enemies right now, Pervus, the Ring Master, not to mention plain old Ajax who always wants to kill you. Randal is pretty much your only hope for survival now.

Eventually you wander back to the Carnival around show time. Everything goes as normal with a few exceptions. The Ring Master looks pre-occupied, Randal’s act seems to be a lot more spectacular than usual, the clowns nowhere to be seen and all throughout the show you have a dreaded feeling that something really bad is going to happen.

And you just may be right.
> You because the real show occurs afterwards
A dark moonlit night.

Charley confronts the Ring Master with his army of midgets behind him as well as Ajax. The Ring Master has Atlas, and looks around for his usual allies, the Freaks, and to the surprise of everyone Randal appears with most of the Normals behind him. You attempt to hide directly behind Randal figuring that will be the safest place.

“YOU? You’re attempting to take over? You must be joking! Go take your fairy dust and
prance off somewhere, this is between me and the she male freak!” Charley spits.
“No, you malignant midget! Your time and a criminal ways are at an end here today! And you too Ring Master! No longer will this Carnival be run by an exploitative tyrant!” Randal retorts.

The Ring Master sees you and shakes his head.

“I’m very disappointed that you decided to betray me here today Geek. You will learn to regret that fateful decision.”
“Enough, of this fuckin’ talk. Let’s see who’s gonna fuckin’ run this show once and for all! Attack!”

Charley and his midgets begin the assault, and the other two sides follow suit. The fighting is furious and brutal. All you do is crawl away and try to hide under a trailer and hope Randal wins, which he looks like he’s doing.

Randal has the upper hand in every way, he has numerical superiority for one thing, and the other thing is he’s casting actual magic spells. A couple of bolts of lightning fry Ajax and Charley. Another spell strikes down Atlas. All looks good for Randal…until Pervus and his clown crew show up.

When you first see them, they look like they’ve already been in a fight. They’re walking in a shambling motion and have wounds on them. When they get closer those wounds look like mortal one. In fact they are.

Pervus and the clowns are no longer among the living.

It takes awhile for anyone else to recognize this. Randal just thinks he’s got more allies until they start biting other Normals (as well as some remaining Midgets and Freaks). Upon seeing this, he tries to cast another spell to destroy them, but is stopped when one of the previously dead bodies on the ground rises up and bites his leg. When he cries out, he sees another familiar face. Madam Orbec, who while dead, looks obviously displeased by the theft of her book.

“I TOLD YOU NOT TO USE THIS BOOK! NOW SUFFER ALONG WITH THE REST OF US!” she shouts and bites a chunk of Randal’s throat out. He falls to the ground to be consumed by more of the dead and the book goes flying out of his hand.

All of the bodies have risen now. They’re attacking everyone living, you take this as your moment to escape, when you scramble from under the trailer you feel a very strong grip tighten around your shoulder. You look up and see the Ring Master.

“My poor sad Geek. I told you that you would learn to regret your decision to betray me. I have to thank you though, while my Carnival may be no more, perhaps it was time for a change, and with this book (The Ring Master shows you the black book that Randal lost) I think I can make a lot of them.”

You try to struggle, but its no use. The Ring Master has an unnaturally strong grip on you. He walks directly towards the zombie horde, dragging you along.

“Why?! Why aren’t they attacking you?” is the last thing you cry out.
“Silly Geek, haven’t you at least figured that one out by now? Zombies don’t attack other undead.”

With a sharp fang protruding in a grinning smile at you, the Ring Master hurls you to the zombies, who eat you alive.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide Pervus would be a better choice. Probably not the safest, but he’s more likely to help you.

You’re hesitant to go anywhere near the clown tent to get him though, however for once luck is with you and you see him around the animals talking to a horse.

“Hmmm, yeah. You’re a pretty filly. Yes you are. Let me tell you what I’m gonna do…(sniff) you smell different than usual.” Pervus then turns around. “Oh it’s you Geek. What the fuck do you want? Can’t you see I’m with a lady?”
“Hey um, Pervus I need your help with something.”
“Oh do ya now?”
“I need to borrow a black book from Madam Orbec, and I need you to distract her.”
“Hmm, normally I wouldn’t help you do shit, but I’m kinda in the mood for some OLD pussy right now. Yeah I’ll distract her, I know exactly how to distract her.” Pervus say while stoking his crotch.
“Um hold on, you’re not gonna rape and kill her are ya?”
“I won’t kill her…oh fine I won’t rape her either. Probably won’t be necessary anyway, I’ve always had a way with the ladies…sorry old girl, but I’ll have to be fucking you some other time.” Pervus remarks and pats the horse on the head before following you.

You both approach Madam Orbec’s tent which has an air of creepiness about it. Pervus has a look of crazed lust in his eyes. He’s starting to breathe heavily and doing a lot of slurping.

“Oh fuck yeah, this is gonna be soooooooo good.”

He said he wasn’t going to do anything excessive, but now you’re not so sure…
> You change the plan
“Hold on Pervus. I got a better idea.” You say stopping Pervus from entering.
“Geek, that’s the second time you’ve interrupted my dick from finding happiness. If you do it again, it’s gonna find happiness in YOU!”
“Um…well look, I was just thinking that it would be better if you got the book, I dunno if I’m up for it. I’ll distract Madam Orbec instead.”
“The ONLY reason why I agreed to this, was because of the possibility of getting some Granny pussy, and now you’re fuckin’ sayin’ no? Fuck you Geek! I’m doin’ this shit now!”

Pervus knocks you to the ground and enters Madam Orbec’s tent. You begin to hear some weird noises. Some of it sounds like screams, but not of the human kind. You sit in shock unsure of what to do, and then soon Pervus comes back out with the black book. There’s blood all over his clown costume.

“I’m not sure what the fuck you wanted this for, but you ain’t gettin’ it now Geek. See ya at show time.”

You don’t want to check, but you do anyway. You go inside Madam Orbec’s tent and see a gruesome sight. Something else is here though. You feel a force hit you several times. You see sheer depravity in your mind! It overwhelms you, you begin to cry, and laugh at the same time. You immediately run back out to hide somewhere utterly mad from what you saw.

You run off to the nearest town hoping nobody comes looking for you, and nobody does due to what happens at show time…

With the black book in his possession, Pervus goes back to his own tent and begins reading it, wondering what you wanted it for. Soon he begins to discover the power contained inside. The reason why Madam Orbec never wanted Randal to use it is due to the evil contained within and didn’t want that evil unleashed lest it destroy him. Of course Pervus isn’t a choir boy like Randal, he embraces the evil and the evil embraces him. It’s a match made in hell.

When show time comes around he and his whole degenerate clown crew begin chanting from the book unleashing horrible powers. Many in the audience are killed as they attempt to escape, the Ring Master attempts to restore order, but with one utterance by Pervus, a burning black light annihilates her. The next blast destroys Atlas.

Randle attempts some sort of cheap magic defense, but he’s powerless against the sheer destruction Pervus is wreaking. Eventually some of the clowns surround and capture him and do unspeakable things to him until he’s literally an empty husk.

Charley and Ajax attempt to escape, but are run down and torn apart by strange shadow creatures that were summoned up.

The ones that manage to survive that terrible night become part of this twisted new Carnival that now travels the night seeking to pull more victims into its dreaded den of wickedness and suck their souls dry, with Pervus as the new crazed ring master.

And while you weren’t there for the event, you SAW it all, in your mind back at Madam Orbec’s tent. One last curse by the spirits for your involvement in the death of Madam Orbec.

You are doomed to forever see the on going horrors committed by Pervus’ Carnival, and yet can do nothing about it. You’re eventually picked up off the street while during one of your screaming jags and thrown into a mental asylum, straight jacked and doped up with morphine.

But it doesn’t help.

You still see.

And you can’t stop the screaming.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>This mission that’s been given to you by the Ring Master has gotten you all shook up. You don’t want all this pressure, yet you’re too scared to leave. This is the only place that accepts you somewhat.

You’re too distracted to even get a drink! You’d rather not have to deal with Charley or especially Ajax right now either. Sometimes you just wish you didn’t have to live an utterly pathetic existence.

While you’re attempting to find some place dark to crawl into and hide, you literally bump into Remarkable Randal.

“Oof! Watch it you smelly, ugly, Geek! Honestly it’s bad enough this Carnival has Freaks and criminal Midgets, but honestly having YOU here defies all logic. If I ran this Carnival things would be different! What are you doing out of your cell anyway? Doesn’t the Ring Master usually keep you locked up until show time?”
“Oh, um he wanted to talk to me about something.”
“She did? What about?”
“Oh about my act, and uh…doing…um…something.”

Randal’s normal distain for you changes to one of interest. He studies you for a moment before speaking.

“So the Ring Master has entrusted YOU to save this place? Hah! She MUST be desperate!”
“Huh? What? How did you know?”
“Madam Orbec has been teaching me how to contact the spirit world and read into people’s souls. And yours is an easy read indeed, such as it is…perhaps our meeting has its purpose however. After reading your soul I can see something within you that may be worth saving. I never thought it possible, but I think I may be able to help you and your situation Geek.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Yes you do. Maybe you try to block it out of your mind with that swill you drink from Charley, but deep down you hate what you are and your retched life. And you should. You’re a sorry excuse for a human being, in fact you aren’t really even human anymore, you’re sub-human. However, you have a chance to regain your humanity back, and even become a useful member of this Carnival again. And I’ll help you, if you help me.”
“How am I supposed to help you?”
“A simple task really. All I want you to do is go get Madam Orbec’s black book. She keeps it by her bed. You’ll know it when you see it.”
“What?! You want me to steal from her? I thought she was supposed to be your mentor or something!”
“Shhhhh! Keep it down Geek! Look. Madam Orbec IS my mentor and I’ll always be grateful for what she’s taught me. I’ve always believed in magic, but without her teachings, I wouldn’t be a magician, I’d only be an illusionist.”
“There’s a difference?” you interrupt.
“Oh yes, Geek. Oh yes. Anyway, you’re not stealing the book, I just need to borrow it for awhile because its time for me to learn more. I think Madam Orbec is afraid I’m not yet prepared to learn the secrets that lie inside her black book. But I know I am, and its time for me to prove it to her. She’ll be so proud when she sees what I’ll be able to do.”
“So what’re you going to do with it?”
“I’m going to use its powers to help me take over the Carnival of course.”
“What?! I’m not helping you do that! I’m supposed to be helping the Ring Master anyway!”
“Why? Seriously, what has the Ring Master really done for you? Given you a job? The Ring Master is exploiting you for his own personal gain. She cares nothing for you. He just saw a useless dreg of society and turned you into something that could somehow make money for her. Assuming you helped the Ring Master and were even successful, think about it, you’d just go back to your living your miserable life. Is mere existence just enough for you? Isn’t it time you wanted MORE out of life?”

You’re quiet. You don’t think anyone’s even asked you that question, even before you became a geek, and you’re really surprised to hear it coming from Randal. Someone who has nothing, but distaste for you.

“I dunno, I think I’m pretty bad off. I don’t think there’s anything I can do to improve myself at this point.”
“Nonsense, there’s always a way and your first step is by helping me. Look. Maybe you are what you are and I don’t like it, but I do see that underneath it all you ARE a Normal. You should be on my side anyway; I can help you be something more than a geek. With magic anything is possible! Retrieve that book for me and I’ll turn this Carnival into something much more than what it is and I’ll turn you into something much more than what you could’ve thought possible.”

Something about Randal makes you believe him. You can understand why people do tend to want to follow him. Maybe things would be better if he took over. He certainly seems more caring than the Ring Master and a hell of a lot better in general than Charley.

“Okay, I’ll help you, but I dunno how I’m gonna ste…I mean borrow the book.”
“Well I leave that up to you, but make sure you get the book to me before show time and don’t come back to me until then.”

Randal leaves you to it, but you’re still not sure how you’re going to go about this. If Randal can read your intentions then Madam Orbec will certainly be able to read yours. It occurs to you, that you might need some help from the less “moral” people here. And you can’t ask Charley to help you for several reasons.

You could go to Pervus for help. If murder and sexual deviancy is no problem for him then surely a little theft won’t be either. And he’s usually up for doing anything remotely illegal.

You could also go see Salina. Besides prostitution she’s known to be good at theft as well, though her helping you is a real long shot.
> You go see Salina
Maybe you just want to talk to Salina because you’re creeped by Pervus or maybe you want to talk to her because you think she’s pretty, or maybe it’s a combination of both.

Whatever the case the result is still the same when you bang on her trailer.

“PEEYOO! Geek! Get the fuck outta here, even if you did have some money I wouldn’t debase myself!” Salina says when she answers.
“No, its not that, I need some help.”
“I’ll help you get your ass kicked if you don’t get outta here! I’m sure Charley wouldn’t like seeing you here lingering around me.”

You just realized that. If Charley caught you here, he’d probably torture the shit out of you and then let Ajax finish you off (Nevermind the fact that Salina IS a prostitute, but Charley isn’t always logical when it comes to her, plus you’re a punching bag anyway)
You need to not remain here as long as possible.
> You try to convince her
“Look, I just need your help to ste…I mean borrow something! I heard you were good at borrowing things, so…”
“Go steal it yourself Geek! I’m not your personal thief! And it’s time for you to fucking go!”
“Listen! It’s…”

As you aggressively begin to step inside the trailer, you suddenly hear some hissing and a couple snakes appear by Salina’s foot. Before you have time to react, both of them dart their heads at your legs, giving you a bite.

You fall back on the ground, as the poison begins to take effect. First you feel paralysis set in then your organs shut down completely.

“Hey, somebody come pick up this Geek! He’s gonna smell even worse while dead!” is the last thing you hear Salina shout.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Maybe you just want to talk to Salina because you’re creeped by Pervus or maybe you want to talk to her because you think she’s pretty, or maybe it’s a combination of both.

Whatever the case the result is still the same when you bang on her trailer.

“PEEYOO! Geek! Get the fuck outta here, even if you did have some money I wouldn’t debase myself!” Salina says when she answers.
“No, its not that, I need some help.”
“I’ll help you get your ass kicked if you don’t get outta here! I’m sure Charley wouldn’t like seeing you here lingering around me.”

You just realized that. If Charley caught you here, he’d probably torture the shit out of you and then let Ajax finish you off (Nevermind the fact that Salina IS a prostitute, but Charley isn’t always logical when it comes to her, plus you’re a punching bag anyway)
You need to not remain here as long as possible.
> You beg and plead pitifully
Being pitiful has always been something you’ve been good at, sometimes it even works to your advantage. You collapse on the little piece of stairs you’re standing on and start pleading.

“Please Salina you gotta help me! (sob) I don’t have anyone else to turn to! I need to sneak in Madam Orbec’s tent and get a book from without her knowing (sob) or I’m gonna die! (sob)”

Salina doesn’t completely understand what the hell you’re babbling about, but she just wants you to leave and stop stinking up the place. Salina goes back inside and grabs a bottle and dumps the entire contents on you. The shit burns like hell on the sores you have on your skin. You roll off the stairs and on to the ground in irritated pain.

“I dunno what the hell you’re on about Geek, but you ain’t sneaking anywhere as long as you smell the way you do. I just dumped a strong perfume on you. Normally you’d smell like flowers, but with your disgusting odor all it’s gonna do is cancel out your usual foulness and even then only for a little while giving you time to do whatever it is you have to do. And this is ALL the help you’re getting from me! Now get outta here I got customers coming!” Salina says and then slams her trailer door.

Not exactly what you had in mind, but more help than you expected. You head to Madam Orbec’s tent. When you arrive there’s a distinct air of creepiness about it. You can’t afford to waste too much time so you head around the back of the tent and start trying to pull up so you can sneak in and get the book. You only hope she doesn’t happen to be looking in your direction while you’re attempting to do this.

As luck would have it, she isn’t, in fact when you crawl inside you see you’re right near her bed where she’s fast asleep. Next to the bed you see a small table with a black book on it. That must be it. You grab it.

Madam Orbec then begins to stir. She starts sniffing in her sleep. The perfume must be wearing off!
> You run out of the front entance of the tent
No time to mess around lifting and crawling you just need to get out of here! You run out of the tent and don’t stop until you reach Randal who wonders why you’re breathing so hard.

When you get back to Randal he wonder’s why the hell you’re so worked up.

“(Pant) I got the book.”
“Phew! Well don’t breathe all over me, just gimme the thing! Excellent. I’ll study what I can tonight before show time and then afterwards we’ll see who the new master is! And what’s wrong with you Geek? Why are breathing so heavy and looking around…you didn’t let Madam Orbec see you borrow this did you?!”
“No, not at all. I’m just winded from trying to get out there without her seeing me!”
“Well you better make yourself scarce until showtime anyway. I’m sure you wouldn’t want to run into the Ring Master before hand. Relax, I will keep my end of the bargain. Now go.”

You leave and linger around the edges of the Carnival, staying out of sight until show time. You just hope Randal does live up to his bargain and manages to take control, because if he doesn’t, you’re going to be in a world of shit with the Ring Master.

Eventually you wander back to the Carnival around show time. Everything goes as normal with a few exceptions. The Ring Master looks pre-occupied, and Randal’s act seems to be a lot more spectacular than usual.
> You but the real show occurs afterwards
A dark moonlit night.

Charley confronts the Ring Master with his army of midgets behind him as well as Ajax. It appears that Pervus and his clowns have also decided to join him. The Ring Master has Atlas, and looks around for his usual allies, the Freaks, and to the surprise of everyone Randal appears with most of the Normals behind him. You attempt to hide directly behind Randal figuring that will be the safest place.

“YOU? You’re attempting to take over? You must be joking! Go take your fairy dust and
prance off somewhere, this is between me and the she male freak!” Charley spits.
“No, you malignant midget! Your time and a criminal ways are at an end here today! And your too Ring Master! No longer will this Carnival be run by an exploitative tyrant!” Randal retorts.

The Ring Master sees you and shakes his head.

“I’m very disappointed that you decided to betray me here today Geek. You will learn to regret that fateful decision.”
“Enough, of this fuckin’ talk. Let’s see who’s gonna fuckin’ run this show once and for all! Attack!”

Charley and his midgets begin the assault, and the other two sides follow suit. The fighting is furious and brutal. All you do is crawl away and try to hide under a trailer and hope Randal wins, which he looks like he’s doing.

Randal has the upper hand in every way, he has numerical superiority for one thing, and the other thing is he’s casting actual magic spells. A couple of bolts of lightning fry Ajax and Charley. Another spell strikes down Atlas. All looks good for Randal, especially when he wipes out Pervus and all the clowns with a huge fireball and finally with one last spell he strikes down the Ring Master with a dark black light which completely disintegrates him.

Its over.

“Geek! You can stop hiding! We won!” Randal shouts.
“Yes, and with the help of MY book!” Madam Orbec says appearing from nowhere. “What the hell is wrong with you Randal? Didn’t I tell you not to mess with this book?” Orbec begins hitting Randal and takes her book back.
“Ow! I’m sorry Madam! I just wanted to prove to you that I was ready to…ow!”
“You’ll never be ready for this book, you hear me? You’re lucky you didn’t bring the dead back to life with your careless chanting!” then she points to you. “And YOU’RE lucky I didn’t catch you stealing this for him! I would’ve turned you into a worm which probably would be a step up for you!” Orbec decides she doesn’t want to dirty herself hitting you though, so she just leaves. After this embarrassing incident Randal regains his composure.

“Okay people get some rest for tomorrow, a new era of this Carnival has arrived and we have a lot of hard work ahead of us, but it’ll be worth it! Because with magic anything is possible! And don’t worry Geek, I still haven’t forgotten about you, thanks to your help, you’ll have a place in my Carnival.”

Time passes and Randal “cleans up” the Carnival of all remaining criminal activity, though without Charley around, it wasn’t really a factor anymore. Salina ends up leaving though as the Carnival has gotten too “Goody” for her liking. Without Ajax around, Sasha ends up falling for Randal and the two eventually get married.

There also aren’t anymore Freaks in the Carnival anymore; the few that survived ran off to eke out meager livings elsewhere. There were quite a few Midgets left, and were allowed to stay due to the fact that they were hard workers, but their status is severely diminished. In fact they’re pretty relegated back to second class citizen status again.

The Carnival flourishes though as it becomes a truly wondrous and safe place for entire families. And your reward for your help was a complete magical transformation into…

An animal keeper.

Having no other useful skills you’re relegated to have to look after all the animals and take care of them in Randal’s new Carnival.

Every day you take your life into your hands when dealing with the lions.
Every day the horses fart on you whenever you’re around.
Every day you suffer the indignities of the monkeys throwing their shit at you. Not that it matters since you smell like shit anyway after having to clean up after the elephants.

In fact you only smell slightly better than when you were a Geek, though at least you don’t have eat various parts of the animals’ anatomies and you don’t get beat up anymore.

It’s a step up!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Being pitiful has always been something you’ve been good at, sometimes it even works to your advantage. You collapse on the little piece of stairs you’re standing on and start pleading.

“Please Salina you gotta help me! (sob) I don’t have anyone else to turn to! I need to sneak in Madam Orbec’s tent and get a book from without her knowing (sob) or I’m gonna die! (sob)”

Salina doesn’t completely understand what the hell you’re babbling about, but she just wants you to leave and stop stinking up the place. Salina goes back inside and grabs a bottle and dumps the entire contents on you. The shit burns like hell on the sores you have on your skin. You roll off the stairs and on to the ground in irritated pain.

“I dunno what the hell you’re on about Geek, but you ain’t sneaking anywhere as long as you smell the way you do. I just dumped a strong perfume on you. Normally you’d smell like flowers, but with your disgusting odor all it’s gonna do is cancel out your usual foulness and even then only for a little while giving you time to do whatever it is you have to do. And this is ALL the help you’re getting from me! Now get outta here I got customers coming!” Salina says and then slams her trailer door.

Not exactly what you had in mind, but more help than you expected. You head to Madam Orbec’s tent. When you arrive there’s a distinct air of creepiness about it. You can’t afford to waste too much time so you head around the back of the tent and start trying to pull up so you can sneak in and get the book. You only hope she doesn’t happen to be looking in your direction while you’re attempting to do this.

As luck would have it, she isn’t, in fact when you crawl inside you see you’re right near her bed where she’s fast asleep. Next to the bed you see a small table with a black book on it. That must be it. You grab it.

Madam Orbec then begins to stir. She starts sniffing in her sleep. The perfume must be wearing off!
> You crawl back out the way you came
You figure you don’t want anyone else seeing you run out of her tent with the book or else they’ll only rat you out later. You lift up the tent and try to crawl back out. You waste too much time though; she wakes up when you’re halfway through. She’s not happy!

“GEEK! YOU DARE STEAL FROM ME! I CALL UPON THE SPIRITS TO CURSE YOU TO RESEMBLE THE LOWLY WORM YOU ARE!”

You don’t think too much of those words at first, until you get fully out of the tent and find that you can’t stand up to run anymore. You look behind yourself and to your horror you see that your legs have fused together into one fleshy mass. Soon the rest of you begins to transform. You gradually start to shrink as you try to crawl away in a hopeless attempt to escape your fate.

When you’ve fully transformed, Madam Orbec finally arrives to retrieve her book and sees you squirming around in the grass. She laughs and remarks how leaving you in that state is what you really deserve.

But she decides to show mercy for your plight by stepping on you and putting you out of your misery.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Agh! Alright, alright! Stop poking me…what day is it?”
“Never mind all that geek! Get going you know how the Ring Master doesn’t like being kept waiting! Phew! You smell even more disgusting than usual! I guess that’s one way to keep Ajax from killing you, he’d probably vomit his guts out before he could lay a hand on you…then you could lick it up for the rubes! Ha ha! Move it Geek!”

Charley prods you with a sharp stick periodically on your way to the Ring Master’s trailer until you arrive at which point, Atlas stops the both of you.

“Stop! What business do the both of you have here?”
“Goddamnit you fuckin’ one eyed freak! We go through this all the fucking time and its getting REALLY old! You just saw me come out of the Ring Master’s trailer earlier today when he sent me to get the Geek, you know damn well what we’re both doing here!”

Ignoring Charley’s comments Atlas looks down at you and points.

“You may enter, but the Ring Master doesn’t need to see you again, so you may not.”
“Yeah, whatever enjoy the smell.” Charley says and mumbles something to himself while leaving the area.

You barely make it up the little steps to the trailer, but you do. You’re finally starting to gather your wits together; your head still hurts though and you’ve just realize you haven’t had a drink yet. What a terrible feeling. You open the door.

“Close the door, you’re letting all the sunlight in.” the Ring Master orders from behind his desk. She’s siting in his chair, but has her back turned to you.
“Uh you wanted to see me?”
“Of course…(Sniff sniff) you really haven’t been taking care of yourself. If anything you’ve become even more repulsive than when I first took you in. Remember that day?”
“Um, yeah I think…no, no I don’t. I mean kind of… I forget things.”
“I’m not surprised; you’re constantly drinking that swill Charley makes. I am surprised you haven’t gone blind yet though. Oh well what you insist on doing to yourself is of little concern to me, all I require is your obedience. You are thankful for all I have provided for you aren’t you?”
“Oh yeah. Sure I am.”
“You seem to be one of the few nowadays then. There are some though that are ungrateful for things I’ve done for them, they plan to betray me and everything this carnival stands for. They plan to change the natural order of things. Can you imagine what might happen to this carnival if I wasn’t here? What might happen to you?”

You attempt to think about this scenario, but instead you just stand there because you can’t really form anything in your mind because it hurts really bad, you’ve been sober too damn long, and it’s about to get even longer as the Ring Master seems intent on bombarding you with talk as he finally swivels around in her chair. That pale androgynous face of the Ring Master’s is displaying a look of seriousness as usual.

“Nothing good I can assure you. Which is why I’m putting YOU in charge of this task.”
“Huh? What task?”
“Why ensuring the survival of the carnival of course.”
”What!? Me?! Why? How!? I’m not qualified! Can’t you or Charley do it?”
“I fear I’ve done all I’ve can. I mean I’ve provided all of THIS to everyone here. I’ve given them purpose and a life. If that isn’t enough for them, then my words aren’t going to make a difference at this point. And as for Charley, well…I’m sure even in your usual state of drunkenness you’re aware that he has his own plans for this carnival.”
“I guess…but agh, it’s too early for all this…why me? I mean what am I supposed to do? I’m just the Geek.”
“Yes, and that’s exactly why I’m choosing you. You have no motive, you have no agenda, you have no friends, and as such you would probably be the best candidate to convince others to resist change and keep the status quo.”
“You have to be joking! Nobody’s going to listen to me! I’m the fucking Geek!”
“You might be surprised, you have far more potential than you give yourself credit for…perhaps you’ll even change some perspectives, or maybe not. The choice is yours, because the fate of THIS carnival is resting solely on your actions, you can no longer afford to hide from the world in a bottle and a cage if you wish to keep your current life. It is time for you to take some responsibility, its time to repay the debt you owe me. You have until show time.”
“But…”
“Now leave me, I wish to be alone.”

The Ring Master swivels his chair back to its original position. You head back outside, where upon Atlas blocks it again with his massive body.

Never before in your life have you been put in this kind of position of responsibility, (Not that you can remember anyway) but you’re going to have to do something, the question is what exactly?
> You run away!
This is all just too much for you; you don’t want to be any part of this. You do what you’ve always done all your life; run away leaving the carnival behind. Nobody goes looking for you, not even the Ring Master. Geeks like you are a dime a dozen. They can get another one.

You take up “residence” in the nearest town, begging for money for booze and sleeping in the park. The townsfolk are a little less tolerant of the likes of you than the Carneys were though and besides they already have town drunks that they know and love. You’re treated worse than you were at the Carnival if such a thing were possible. At least there you served somewhat of a purpose; here you’re just a drain on the community.

One night the town’s drain is solved when you’re beaten and set on fire by the local young punks.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Geek:

1. A person regarded as foolish or clumsy.

2. A person who is single-minded or accomplished in scientific or technical pursuits, but is felt to be socially inept.

3. A carnival performer whose show consists of bizarre and disgusting acts.


Your breath stinks from the foul things you’ve been eating and the rest of you stinks from not bathing in who knows when.

Your head hurts from the cheap moonshine you’ve been getting “paid” in.

Rubes often throw stuff at you and spit on you.

Most of the other Carnies find you utterly repulsive and avoid you, a couple of them just abuse you for various reasons.

On a good day, only the Pinheads come to your cell and taunt you with their gibbering laughs and mongoloid chatter.

You have absolutely no worth as a human being, you get no respect from others, and you have no respect for yourself…and why should you? You are the lowest form of life in Carney society. You’re not a real performer; what you do can’t really be considered a skill. You’re not even a real freak. At least a deformed freak can evoke an emotion of horror, or pity, or even admiration for overcoming their condition. You weren’t born “this way”. You chose to do this. All you evoke is disgust and revulsion. At best you’re laughed at and not in the good way like those pervert clowns you work with.

Fuck all that “Wildman of Borneo” shit that the Ringmaster tries to tell all the rubes. You’re little more than a bum with a “job”. A degrading job that involves you to debase yourself, all for the amusement and shock value of others, but hey it keeps a “roof” over your head and you pleasantly drunk enough to just barely forget how utterly pathetic your life is.

You are the GEEK.

You wake up to a bucket of piss being thrown in your face. Not the first time and certainly won’t be the last.

“You like the taste of that Geek? Get up Geek! The Ring Master wants to see you!” Charley orders then he throws the empty bucket at your head. The comical sound it makes hitting your skull and the pain it causes makes Charley laugh. Then he jabs you a couple times with his pointed stick.

Midgets can be so cruel…
> You kick at Charley
You stagger to get up and attempt to kick Charley, but instead to trip over yourself and fall…right on to Charley’s pointed stick. The only good thing is you skewered yourself right through the heart killing you instantly.

“Aw hell. Hey guys! Someone get me another Geek! This one’s dead.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Geek:

1. A person regarded as foolish or clumsy.

2. A person who is single-minded or accomplished in scientific or technical pursuits, but is felt to be socially inept.

3. A carnival performer whose show consists of bizarre and disgusting acts.


Your breath stinks from the foul things you’ve been eating and the rest of you stinks from not bathing in who knows when.

Your head hurts from the cheap moonshine you’ve been getting “paid” in.

Rubes often throw stuff at you and spit on you.

Most of the other Carnies find you utterly repulsive and avoid you, a couple of them just abuse you for various reasons.

On a good day, only the Pinheads come to your cell and taunt you with their gibbering laughs and mongoloid chatter.

You have absolutely no worth as a human being, you get no respect from others, and you have no respect for yourself…and why should you? You are the lowest form of life in Carney society. You’re not a real performer; what you do can’t really be considered a skill. You’re not even a real freak. At least a deformed freak can evoke an emotion of horror, or pity, or even admiration for overcoming their condition. You weren’t born “this way”. You chose to do this. All you evoke is disgust and revulsion. At best you’re laughed at and not in the good way like those pervert clowns you work with.

Fuck all that “Wildman of Borneo” shit that the Ringmaster tries to tell all the rubes. You’re little more than a bum with a “job”. A degrading job that involves you to debase yourself, all for the amusement and shock value of others, but hey it keeps a “roof” over your head and you pleasantly drunk enough to just barely forget how utterly pathetic your life is.

You are the GEEK.

You wake up to a bucket of piss being thrown in your face. Not the first time and certainly won’t be the last.

“You like the taste of that Geek? Get up Geek! The Ring Master wants to see you!” Charley orders then he throws the empty bucket at your head. The comical sound it makes hitting your skull and the pain it causes makes Charley laugh. Then he jabs you a couple times with his pointed stick.

Midgets can be so cruel…
> You jog your damn memory to remember who the hell you even associate with (Cast of Characters)
Just because you’re all Carneys and united against the Rubes doesn’t mean there isn’t division in the ranks. You’re all like a big dysfunctional family, and you’re the scapegoat black sheep, you lucky Geek you.

The only good thing about being the GEEK, is that nobody considers you a threat or even a person! Plus you’re usually sprawled out someplace either drunk or asleep. This means while others assume you’re out of it and not competent enough to do anything except eat disgusting things, you’ve over heard some interesting information in your half conscious state of mind. Things that will probably come in handy in the ensuing power struggle you’re about to become embroiled in.

So if you keep your head down, use animal cunning, watch your ass and you might just come through this alive.

And maybe, just maybe you’ll finally get some respect.

Maybe…
> You cast of Characters (The Main Event)
The Ring Master

Nobody knows what his real name is and if they do nobody’s telling and she’s certainly not volunteering any information about himself. Of course everyone assumes she’s male, but there’s an “air” of androgyny about him leading to rumors that he may actually be female…or possibly both. He’s very pale, his voice has an unnatural melodic tone and he wears a traditional ring master suit with a top hat. The only thing she wants people to know and remember is that he is definitely in charge. Her main concern is to keep his carnival running and turning a profit; he doesn’t really care what any of his employees do in their spare time unless it interferes or hampers the carnival.

The Ring Master is known for being “Freak friendly” after all not many would have jobs at all if it weren’t for him, but by the same token he pays them fairly. Many see her as somewhat of a savior since he’s given many of them a place in the world where they can be useful. She doesn’t hold their hand or overprotect them he just gives them a chance. A chance that they can either succeed or fail in, but a chance they might not have had otherwise without him.

He tends to stay in his trailer until show time allowing her assistant Charley to do all his leg work. She’s rarely seen walking around anywhere; instead he just suddenly “appears” and he’s never seen outside at all during the daytime. There have been the hushed rumors and semi-jokes that she’s really a vampire, but most people just think he’s just weird and suffers from albinism which makes her less inclined on wanting to be exposed to the sun.

While not sadistic, (He doesn’t appear to get off on it like say Charley) he will make examples out of people that displease him and you’ll definitely feel it. Oh how you’ll feel it. When you have to see the Ring Master personally it’s usually not a good thing.

You met him when she found you wandering and vomiting near his trailer at night while in your usual drunken states. She saw how utterly hopeless you were. You had no job, no home, no loved ones, no future prospects, yet he saw potential where there literally was none. He made a deal with you. Become the GEEK for a place to call home and all the liquor you could drink.

Well gee how could you not pass up a deal like that?

Charley the Midget

Charley was a criminal long before he joined the carnival. The carnival just allowed him to flourish in those activities. He’s in charge of most of the illegal activities that go on at the carnival as well as making life miserable for anyone who displeases the Ring Master. Of course he takes great delight in making people miserable whenever it suits him. He has found a like minded partner in Ajax the Strongman who acts as his muscle when the need arises. He’s a first class sonofabitch, but he probably makes the carnival more profitable than it is.

Midgets represent most of labor workforce in the carnival and being the “Biggest” and toughest midget at the carnival makes him their unofficial leader which the rest of the midgets have mixed emotions about, but with all his connections and power there is little that they can do about it even if they wanted to. Charley constantly reminds them that they are the real backbone of the carnival and also reminds them how townies and rubes would often pick on them for fun and ever since he arrived they don’t do that anymore lest they suffer the consequences. Gruesome consequences.

Charley definitely harbors secret plans to take over the carnival completely one day, he likes to think of himself as the “Real Ring Master” and dresses like his boss except his suit is checkered and has an especially tall top hat. (To extend his height no doubt) He feels that with Ajax and “his people” behind him he’ll be able to launch a take over when the time is right. All he needs to do is get a few more of the others to side with him.

As for you, Charley likes to take any free opportunity he has to humiliate you, which seems rather pointless given you don’t have any self-respect to begin with, still it makes him laugh. Chances are if he did take over the Carnival you’d still have a “job” since Charley wouldn’t want to get rid of his favorite whipping boy.

The Remarkable Randal

Randal is the appointed spokesperson for the “normal” Carneys such as the acrobats, tightrope walkers and other performers that rely on their genuine skills rather than their genetic conditions. Randal himself is a magician, but makes no pretense that he actually has any kind of real magical powers, but he believes magic exists. He’s constantly acquiring old books hoping that someday that he can learn how to perform real magic one day. Randal is a bit of an optimistic dreamer, he believes the carnival is supposed to be a place of fun and wonder for the whole family. He IS that boy that ran away to join the circus in a sense as he did run away from his family who were fundamentalists that believed him to be dabbling in Satanic worship with his magic tricks.

He doesn’t really like the idea of the carnival having “freaks” for the sake of having them. He feels its pandering to the lowest common denominator and cheapening the other Carnies who actually have to rely on a learned skill and he really doesn’t approve of all the illegal activity that goes on (Especially in a place which is supposed to be for the children) he blames the Ring Master as much as Charley for this, since the Ring Master turns a blind eye to it when he should be stopping it.

Randal is a little more open about his rebellious nature than Charley and complains to the Ring Master whenever he gets the chance, (One of the few that gets away with it without consequences) to which his last response was if he doesn’t like the way things are being run, he can either leave or make his move. So far Randal hasn’t gone anywhere, so maybe he’s going to take the Ring Master up on his challenge. Charley thinks he’s a lot of talk and doesn’t think he really has the balls to do it so he’s not worried about him.

Considering Randal’s views, you might find yourself out of a job if Randal got things his way. Shock value and Freaks wouldn’t really have a place in Randal’s carnival. Unsurprisingly Randal finds you and your act disgusting and completely unsuitable for anyone, especially children. (Even though the kiddies really like throwing chickens at you)<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Just because you’re all Carneys and united against the Rubes doesn’t mean there isn’t division in the ranks. You’re all like a big dysfunctional family, and you’re the scapegoat black sheep, you lucky Geek you.

The only good thing about being the GEEK, is that nobody considers you a threat or even a person! Plus you’re usually sprawled out someplace either drunk or asleep. This means while others assume you’re out of it and not competent enough to do anything except eat disgusting things, you’ve over heard some interesting information in your half conscious state of mind. Things that will probably come in handy in the ensuing power struggle you’re about to become embroiled in.

So if you keep your head down, use animal cunning, watch your ass and you might just come through this alive.

And maybe, just maybe you’ll finally get some respect.

Maybe…
> You cast of Characters (The Secondary Acts)
Ajax the Strongman

While Charley has delusions of grandeur, he is somewhat grounded in reality enough not to believe he’s invincible. Ajax on the other hand probably thinks he could catch a bullet in his teeth and spit it back at his assailant. The man is completely narcissistic. Undoubtedly he is in good shape, very strong and probably a lot better looking than most of the Carnies, and he takes every opportunity to let everyone know it. He sneers at all the other guys for being “lesser” than him (Save Charley, Atlas and the Ring Master) and of course shamelessly grabs at any woman that strikes his fancy. So pleased with his own body image that he basically walks around in a loin cloth at all times. Even when the Carnival is someplace cold and snowing. He’d probably walk around naked if he could get away with it.

Why he’s allied with Charley given his own arrogance and his “normie” status might cause some to wonder, but the reasons aren’t far fetched. Besides Ajax’s own criminal mentality, Ajax is an opportunist, and he’ll make more money under Charley and he thinks Charley is going to be on the winning team (Especially with him on his side) Not to mention Ajax doesn’t really like the Ring Master. Never has. His pale androgynous nature really creeps him out. And the Remarkable Randal is a pussy as far as Ajax is concerned.

Another person that Ajax definitely doesn’t like is you. While most others will simply avoid, taunt or abuse you for awhile for amusement, Ajax HATES you and has nearly beaten you to death a couple times. Presumably he sees you as a pathetic example of the male specimen that should’ve been killed at birth and while he may be right, he’s kept in check by Charley and/or the Ring Master from carrying out his desires. (As a rule Carneys are NOT supposed to kill each other…well unless there’s a good reason for it)

You’d be in a world of shit if something ever happened to both of them.

Atlas the Cyclopean Giant

If there’s one person that’s possibly stronger than Ajax, it’s Atlas. (He’s certainly scarier) He’s an eight foot Cyclops that wears a hood covering everything except a single unblinking eye. He stands outside the Ring Master’s trailer at all times not letting anyone pass unless the Ring Master wishes it. Atlas has been with the Ring Master even before the Carnival.

Atlas was personally brought up by the Ring Master and is utterly loyal to him. It’s commonly thought that the Ring Master found him abandoned as a baby and took him in, of course rumors also persist that he’s the Ring Master’s son. (Whether the Ring Master is the father OR the mother causes more rumors) Whatever the truth, Atlas might as well be his son as he certainly considers the Ring Master as a parental figure since he raised him.

Atlas’ sole job is to protect the Ring Master and to look intimidating. A job he does very well. Atlas rarely speaks and if he does it’s usually a one word response in a low voice. Charley hopes Ajax will be his counter balance when the time comes, of course Ajax feels he’ll be able to beat Atlas with no problems.

Atlas is one of the few people that has no opinion of you, he just sees you as another Carney who works for the Ring Master and aren’t allowed to see him unless he deems it so.

Madam Orbec

Madam Orbec is the gypsy fortune teller. Like most fortune tellers she claims to genuinely have psychic powers, but most likely she’s just really good at conning people. Still she always keeps in character at all times, so it’s possible she believes her own hype. One thing she does a lot is talk to “spirits” that aren’t there. Sometimes this results in her talking to herself for great lengths of time and often screaming to tell “them” to shut up. She doesn’t even appear to notice anyone else around while she’s doing this. All of which pretty much means most of the other Carneys consider her just mentally unstable and is listening to the voices in her own head.

Oddly Randal completely believes she has psychic abilities, this is probably due to Randal’s own naivety and his own desperate belief that magic is real. He consults her frequently about what she sees in the future for the carnival, it’s possible that’s why he hasn’t made any kind of move of his own because he’s guided by her visions to a certain degree. Madam Orbec likes Randal, but remains suspicious if he isn’t just trying to be friendly to gain access to an old book she has supposedly containing secrets to necromancy.

Because of this factor, unlike the Ring Master and Charley’s “right hand men”, Madam Orbec isn’t necessarily on Randal’s side. She believes a great change is coming in the carnival, but the spirits haven’t told her exactly what that is yet. Her visions and conversations have been increasing to the point where she can barely keep it together for the rubes anymore. Her sanity has been in severe question for years, but now her competency is as well.

Of course she still has enough sense to not want to be near you. Apparently the spirits don’t like you anymore than the living do.

Pervus the Clown

“Pervert” or “Pervo” is what he’s usually called and for good reason. Pervus is probably the next disgusting Carney after you, the only difference is he has a group of like minded “friends” and the other thing is he’s a clown. And clowns no matter how twisted and evil they are; they can get away with it.

He and his gang of equally demented red nosed fellows have to be the sickest bunch in the Carnival, particularly in the sex department. It’s not surprising that townie children start disappearing whenever the Carnival makes an extended visit somewhere and they certainly haven’t all run off to join, what ultimately happens to them is better left unmentioned and not dwelled upon too much. But it isn’t just children that disappear. Local farm animals will disappear as well (Strangely these poor creatures may be spared death, if the Carnival is in need of a couple new pack animals) and local graveyards may even be raided…

Of course Pervus and the clowns think it’s all a big joke on the rubes.

Despite being the symbols of utter depravity, they are one of the other “major groups” and as is fitting they are a wild card. They do their job when its show time and do it very well which puts them in good standing with the Ring Master. They often indulge in the prostitutes and liquor Charley provides. And while Randal barely approves of them (To be honest he probably isn’t aware of how bad they REALLY are) he does recognize them as having a talent and are an important staple of any carnival. (They also aren’t Freaks, though classifying them as “Normals” might be stretching it) Its unknown who Pervus will side with, but they see that there’s definitely benefits for any of them.

Pervus and his crew are the one exception concerning you. Instead of them avoiding you, YOU purposely avoid them! While they’d never kill you (They do still follow that one rule that you don’t kill a fellow Carney for no reason) that wouldn’t prevent them from having their way with you if the urge ever struck them. You have been known to resemble a rotting dead body (In smell especially) when you’re passed out after all.

Sasha and Salina

Sasha is the on/off girlfriend of Ajax. She’s not only a contortionist, but also an acrobat. She’s very beautiful, but her self-esteem isn’t really the best otherwise she wouldn’t be with Ajax. He pretty much treats her like shit, and she’ll put up with it, until he really fucks up and then she throws him out of her trailer. Upon which time he’ll continue to harass and stalk her until she takes him back for the umpteenth time and the cycle starts over again. She’s definitely the star attraction of the “normal” Carneys, besides Randal. (Who really wishes she wasn’t so close to Ajax.)

Salina is Charley’s girlfriend…or at least he likes to tell everyone she is. She’s the tattooed woman and also dances with various kinds of snakes. (Imaginatively called a “Snake Lady”) She’s pretty, but has a harder look than Sasha, its obvious by her demeanor she had a rough life before the Carnival. Charley is constantly hitting on her, but he’s unsuccessful for the most part though every now and then he gets lucky, though you suspect it’s his money talking more than his “charms” at work in those cases. In any event she isn’t particularly fond of him. She’s considered a normal, but her activities and lifestyle lean more towards the criminal mindset particularly prostitution. So she has more in common with Charley than Randal who looks his nose down at her.

Probably due to the partnership of Charley and Ajax, Sasha and Salina associate with each other more than they might normally would. As it turns out the two are genuinely friends and speak to each other frequently, one may wonder if they aren’t plotting something on their own together…

Of course you’d never know since the two of them avoid you like the plague because you’re just icky.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Just because you’re all Carneys and united against the Rubes doesn’t mean there isn’t division in the ranks. You’re all like a big dysfunctional family, and you’re the scapegoat black sheep, you lucky Geek you.

The only good thing about being the GEEK, is that nobody considers you a threat or even a person! Plus you’re usually sprawled out someplace either drunk or asleep. This means while others assume you’re out of it and not competent enough to do anything except eat disgusting things, you’ve over heard some interesting information in your half conscious state of mind. Things that will probably come in handy in the ensuing power struggle you’re about to become embroiled in.

So if you keep your head down, use animal cunning, watch your ass and you might just come through this alive.

And maybe, just maybe you’ll finally get some respect.

Maybe…
> You cast of Characters (The Sideshows)
Normals

Normals is really a generic term for anyone who isn’t a Freak, but its often used to describe Carneys who aren’t deformed in some way and make a living in the Carnival utilizing some skill. (“Normals” who aren’t Carneys are usually just called “Rubes” or at best “Townies”) The core of these include acrobats, tightrope walkers, game barkers and the like. Normals as always out number the Freaks, but they aren’t nearly as unified, though Randal’s been trying to, in his effort to gain power.

Nearly all Normals find you revolting and run you off if you get near, either verbally OR physically.

Freaks

This is a generic term for Carneys who have some sort of genetic condition that separates them from the rest of society. They can range from being very hairy, have no limbs, or have a few extra ones. In any case they are one of the major carnival draws. Some learn a few skills to go along with their deformities, but it’s mainly their horrific appearance that they rely upon. Despite all their different forms, they are very unified and support the Ring Master for giving them a place in the world. Jasmine the bearded lady tends to be the Matriarch of them all

Freaks are a little more tolerant of you, since they’ve also suffered scorn and ridicule too, but you’re not REALLY one of them and as such you’re still an outsider and aren’t really welcomed around them.

Midgets

Not quite normals and not quite freaks, but the midgets are the ones who get things done in the Carnival and keep it running. (Though everyone else refers to them as Midgets, they prefer to refer to each other as Dwarves) They make up a majority of the labor force of the Carnival, a thankless job to be sure, and one that went unappreciated until Charley arrived. Now they make a lot more thanks to his “extra curricular” activities. They are pretty much unified, though they have mixed feelings about their self appointed leader.

Midgets are overworked at the best of times, so when a smelly disgusting Geek like you is around they really don’t have the tolerance or patience for it. Bob is about the only one who’ll even talk to you, the rest tend to kick you in the shins and chase you off with their work tools while shouting obscenities.

Pinheads

An interesting sub-society within the Freak community. They all tend to hang out together constantly laughing and babbling nonsensical ramblings. Though they may appear childlike and carefree, those qualities can mask a mean spiritedness sometimes.

You’d know since you’ve experienced this meanness first hand.

Clowns

Pure evil wrapped up in the guise of something supposedly funny and harmless. While technically classified as “normals”, there isn’t anything normal about them. One wonders if they’re actually even human underneath that make up. All intelligent right thinking people stay away from them.

Even YOU stay away from clowns!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Just because you’re all Carneys and united against the Rubes doesn’t mean there isn’t division in the ranks. You’re all like a big dysfunctional family, and you’re the scapegoat black sheep, you lucky Geek you.

The only good thing about being the GEEK, is that nobody considers you a threat or even a person! Plus you’re usually sprawled out someplace either drunk or asleep. This means while others assume you’re out of it and not competent enough to do anything except eat disgusting things, you’ve over heard some interesting information in your half conscious state of mind. Things that will probably come in handy in the ensuing power struggle you’re about to become embroiled in.

So if you keep your head down, use animal cunning, watch your ass and you might just come through this alive.

And maybe, just maybe you’ll finally get some respect.

Maybe…
> Back to the story
Geek:

1. A person regarded as foolish or clumsy.

2. A person who is single-minded or accomplished in scientific or technical pursuits, but is felt to be socially inept.

3. A carnival performer whose show consists of bizarre and disgusting acts.


Your breath stinks from the foul things you’ve been eating and the rest of you stinks from not bathing in who knows when.

Your head hurts from the cheap moonshine you’ve been getting “paid” in.

Rubes often throw stuff at you and spit on you.

Most of the other Carnies find you utterly repulsive and avoid you, a couple of them just abuse you for various reasons.

On a good day, only the Pinheads come to your cell and taunt you with their gibbering laughs and mongoloid chatter.

You have absolutely no worth as a human being, you get no respect from others, and you have no respect for yourself…and why should you? You are the lowest form of life in Carney society. You’re not a real performer; what you do can’t really be considered a skill. You’re not even a real freak. At least a deformed freak can evoke an emotion of horror, or pity, or even admiration for overcoming their condition. You weren’t born “this way”. You chose to do this. All you evoke is disgust and revulsion. At best you’re laughed at and not in the good way like those pervert clowns you work with.

Fuck all that “Wildman of Borneo” shit that the Ringmaster tries to tell all the rubes. You’re little more than a bum with a “job”. A degrading job that involves you to debase yourself, all for the amusement and shock value of others, but hey it keeps a “roof” over your head and you pleasantly drunk enough to just barely forget how utterly pathetic your life is.

You are the GEEK.

You wake up to a bucket of piss being thrown in your face. Not the first time and certainly won’t be the last.

“You like the taste of that Geek? Get up Geek! The Ring Master wants to see you!” Charley orders then he throws the empty bucket at your head. The comical sound it makes hitting your skull and the pain it causes makes Charley laugh. Then he jabs you a couple times with his pointed stick.

Midgets can be so cruel…<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Groaning, you slide your hands to your thumping head, "That must've been some batchelor party," you murmur to yourself, "I only wish I could remember some of it!"

As you open your eyes, nothing but darkness surrounds you. You reach out for the lamp but your elbows slam into something hard and wooden. You sit up instantly cracking your head on a surface just inches above your face. For a moment you panic but then realise that you must have passed out and rolled under your bed. You slide along the wooden floor reaching out but in all directions you are met with solid wood. You start to scream and flail out wildly and then your hand hits something round and metalic. As you frantically pull it to your chest, it turns on and shines down over your rented tuxedo to reveal the awful truth. You are in a box.

Your heart and breath race away from you as you kick out and scream in sheer terror, "No! not this.... Let me out. This can't be...No! Not this! No..."

You tell yourself this must be just a sick batchelor party stunt. Any minute now the lid is going to open and your friends will be snapping pictures and lifting you out. Trying to force calm into your voice you shout, "Come on guys! Jokes over. You really had me going! Now get me out of here. We have to get to the church by 11 or Mina will kill me!"

...

No answer comes. You are consumed with terror.

.
> The box
Dressed in your wedding suit, you are suffocating inside a wooden box.

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The night is cold, dark and starless. The only light other than the candle Mama clutches in her hand comes from the moon, whose once bright, white, inviting and warm light is now deep red, like it's been splattered with blood. You're curled up with your two sisters, Ivana and Lilia, with Mama sitting over you, her candle in one hand and a wooden crucifix in the other. Papa is nailing boards to keep the door shut, hastily trying to give you some extra protection.


It's the Night of the Blood Moon. You've never been through one, the last happening less than a year before your birth, but now, after another twelve years, it had arrived. Your eldest brother, Dornan, told stories about it, stories that chilled you to the bone, that kept you from sleep, that gave birth to the horrors of your nightmares. If even a fraction of what Dornan said is true, the screams should begin soon.


"Mama?" Lilia asks.


"Hush, darling," Mama replies, as Papa finishes boarding up the door and grabs his shotgun from it's place on the wall. He takes his spot next to you, his gun pointed at the door, and you wait.


The screams start soon. Howls of pain and terror from other houses of the town. Ivana is old enough to know to stay quiet, but Lilia soon starts to cry. Mama desperately tries to hush her six year old daughter, but to no avail.


"Sssh! Sssh, darling! It's alright, you just must stay quiet!" Papa says.


Suddenly, a tall, dark shadow passes by the window. Papa immediately grabs his shotgun, frantically raising it to his shoulder. The shadow disappears, and Papa breaths a sigh of relief.


"Scared of something?" a deep, guttural voice says from behind you.


Papa turns, firing his shotgun as the monster speeds forward. It grabs Papa's throat with unnatural speed, smiling as it holds him in the air, strangling him.


The monster looks hideous. It's dreadfully pale, it's face twisted with hate, and looks to be hairless. It's eyes are completely black, like the endless darkness of its soul, and it's mouth is filled with mangled teeth with two large fangs, curved and bloodstained, with even more blood pouring down its face. The creature snarls, before smiling as it turns to look at you and your siblings. 


"Ah... so young... so fresh..." the vampire says, licking it's lipless mouth with a forked tongue. "Peasant, your daughters are mine. Don't struggle."


The vampire tosses Papa to the ground, turning towards your siblings.


"No! No! You will not take my daughters!" Father says, grabbing for his gun.


The monster strikes, smashing it's boot into Papa's head.


"How dare you?!" the monster screams. "I gave you your land, I gave you your house, I give you your life!"


The monster begins walking toward Papa, who desperately crawls back to the wall.


"I keep the beasts away from the village! I let you roam the night all but one night every twelve years! I don't ask for your wife, to allow you to sire more. I don't ask for your son, to leave you a legacy. I only ask for your daughters! How dare you attempt to deny me that?"


As the vampire walks towards Papa, his fangs bared, you see a chance to get Papa's shotgun. Still, you don't want to anger the vampire further. Perhaps the best option is to hope for the beast's mercy.
> You grab for the gun
You scuttle forward for the gun, grabbing it. You aim it at the vampire, grabbing the trigger and pulling it tightly.


The gun explodes, sending you falling back with the recoil and smacking into the wall with a painful thud. The vampire roars as buckshot slams into his back. He grabs your father by the head, twisting with inhuman speed as your hear a painful snap. Then, he turns, staring at you. He snarls, walking forward quickly. You reach for the gun again, but he steps on your hand as you yelp in pain.


"You dare shoot me? I have lived millennia, you think you'll be the one to end my life?" the hunter snarls, before laughing, a horrible, terrifying noise. "You have balls, little one."


You stare at the monster in front of you, trying to stare him, but you see nothing but hate and unquenching thirst behind his eyes.


"Yes... I see strength in you. Potential. I have an offer for you, as the newfound man of the house. Join me. Let me take you on as my... apprentice. As my servant. As my slave. As whatever I need you to be. In exchange for your servitude, I offer you not only your life, but the life of your mother and sisters."


You stare at the monster, whose eyes narrow as he waits for you answer.
> You agree
"OK," you say, gulping.


The vampire smiles, perhaps in an attempt to calm you, but the way his smile curves upwards seems unnatural. It's like the smile of a wolf who has found a young, bleating lamb all by itself.


"Perfect," the vampire says, dropping you to the ground.


The monster walks out of the hut, barking out a single order.


"Follow," he commands.


You walk outside to the glow of the red moon, seeing a dozen bodies, pale from blood draining, lying on the street. A single carriage lies there, with a hunch-backed man sitting there, wearing a low-down bowler hat, a balaclava and a large coat that cover his appearance.


"Haygarth! We're finished here. I've fed," the vampire growls.


The hunch-back nods eagerly, grabbing the reigns of the horses.


"Yes, sir, ready to go, sir!" Haygarth says eagerly. "And the boy?"


"He is mine," the vampire says, as he steps into the carriage.


"Yes sir, yes sir! Up front, boy! Quickly!" Haygarth says.


You quickly walk up to the carriage, climbing into the shotgun seat of the carriage. Haygarth seems badly deformed, clearly attempting to cover his appearance with his large coat, low hat and balaclava, but he still looks monstrous. Haygarth quickly stirs the horses into a trot, as you leave the town that's always been your home.


"You're to serve Count Grey?" the hunchback asks.


"Yes," you say, barely coming to terms with the fact.


"Hmm... we'll see how long you last," Haygarth says. "Yes, we'll see..." 
> Three Years Later...
You sit on the ground, scrubbing the cold stone floor of the Grey Castle, named as much for its cold, lifeless demeanor as much as its owner. Haygarth stands over you, watching as he makes sure you do a proper job cleaning the blood stains that cover the ground, a remainder of the last girl foolish enough to be out at night. 


So far, your job has been simple. You have little contact with Count Grey, as you work in the day and sleep at night, whilst he sleeps in the day, coming out at night to hunt, feed, plan and much more. Mostly, Haygarth forces you to work at any job he sees fit. He seems to think you're little different from a pack horse, working you as hard as them. If anything, he's feeding the pack horses better. You see your role in the castle as a servant on your more optimistic days, and as a slave on the worse ones.


"Good, good, put your back into it! Yes, that's it!" Haygarth says, as he hurries around the room, collecting pieces of clothes left over from the poor girl being brutally murdered.


"Yes, Haygarth," you reply, putting your pressure on the brush as you splash some more water to get rid of a particularly disgusting stain of a mixture of blood and urine.


Haygarth is a hard ruler, forcing you to work day and night. He's not sadistic or cruel, he just doesn't seem to understand that you're not an animal who needs a break. Hell, perhaps his only redeemable feature is the fact that he works himself even harder. As he rushes past, trying to do various chores, you can hear him angrily mutter to himself to go faster.


You finish off the stain, quickly crawling over to the next. You sigh as you realize just how much you need to clean. Your knees hurt from crawling around all day, your hands are covered in blisters, and you've done nothing but work all day. You had two ive minute breaks to cram food into your mouth, and one more to shit, and that was it. Who the fuck has only two people to keep an entire castle from falling into disrepair?


"Hurry up, boy! Use some of those strong muscles! I want to be able to see my reflection in it!"


Will he ever leave you be? The bastard can't just let you fucking work, he has to constantly remind you that you're not doing good enough? 
> You insult Haygarth
"Really? You want to see your reflection in the floor? Maybe I should leave it dirty so you wouldn't have to look at your malformed, pathetic excuse for a face," you say, as a year of anger is released in a single jab.


Haygarth stops suddenly, looking at you. He frowns, looking at the ground behind you, where ironically you've polished the stones enough for him to vaguely look at himself.


"You... you know, you sound just like my mother, or Count Grey. Mean. Cruel. Perhaps it's good you've found yourself serving a man such as the Count. He could be your soul mate, if he had a soul."


Haygarth hobbles out of the room, leaving you alone. You continue keeping working, but fuck, the floor is pretty clean. You sit down, leaning against the wall as you sigh as your aching muscles get relief. You take a deep breath, as you watch the the sun fall in the distance. After about half an hour, the moon has finally appeared, and Haygarth appears.


"Come. We need to wake Count Grey," he says, not looking at you.
> You follow Haygarth
You follow Haygarth along the hallways with haste. You hurry down the stairs, quickly heading to the lowest floor, at the center of the castle, into a dark room, empty except for a single, candle-adored coffin leaning against the stone wall, and a large, black sword hanging above the coffin.


The coffin in intricate, a large, black wooden coffin with an intricate, thorny pattern, and a single silver, demonic face with a roaring mouth with a pair of fangs on the front.


The sword, on the other hand, is somehow even darker, its surface seeming to suck the very light from the room. Even staring at the thin edge makes you feel like you've been stabbed. You can practically taste the hatred and malice that emanates from it. 


"Do you feel it?" Haygarth says. "That is the master of the home."


You feel the hairs stand up on your skin. The air tastes stale and rotten, and there's a general feeling of dread emanating from it. In a place like this, you feel even if you called on the good Lord to save you, he would be unable to find your soul in such an abyss of all warm or love, let alone rescue you from it.


"What now?" you ask.


Haygarth grabs your hand, pulling it forward until your hand touches the metal.


"It... stings," you say, as it feels like your hand is both being put against a hot stove and a freezing block of ice.


"You'll get used to it," Haygarth says, drawing an iron blade from his side. 


Haygarth presses the blade against your arm, smiling as he slices open your arm, a long, deep cut appearing with a stream of blood.


"Ah!" you yelp as your arm is covered red. "Stop!"


"It's necessary," Haygarth replies. "We need to draw blood."


"Did you need to cut so deep?" you complain.


"I wanted to," Haygarth replies, shoving your arm in the silver mouth of the demon, cut first. Blood begins to pour down the creature's mouth, as the coffin's door clicks open. Haygarth grabs you by the collar, pulling you back. Count Grey steps forward. He looks the same as he has every night since the night he took you, except now his lips look parched and cracked, his eyes immediately darting down to your arm.


"Thirst," he moans, staring at your wound.


Haygarth hits you in the back with a snarl.


"Come on, boy, feed your master!"


You hold your arm forward, as Count Grey grabs it, his mouth darting down to your bleeding wound with an insane speed. You close your eyes and wait for the pain of his bite, but instead feel his cold lips on your wound, instantly beginning to suck the blood out of your arm. You take a deep breath as you go pale, Haygarth putting your arm around his shoulder to keep you from fainting. After about a minute, Count Grey stops, raising his head as he smiles.


"Good. I was thirsty. The bitch from the other night was dry, and half her blood ended up on the floors. Good thing I managed to stop myself from draining you completely," Count Grey says.


He looks up at the sword that hangs above the coffin, staring at it for a second. 


"Do you see that sword? While I like to keep up to date with my weapon technology, such as with rifles. grenades and the new and innovative Maxim Gun, in cases of the super-natural, the old stuff is the best. I've had that sword since I was a child. Forged it myself under command of my master. So many ancient, arcane inscriptions, horrid rituals and infinitely worse had to be done to make it the thing it is today. It's name is the Psychí Líptis. It is a killing machine. You will become the same."


Count Grey s walking past you, and up the stairs. 


You stand there, waiting, looking at Haygarth for what to do.


"Follow!" Count Grey's voice booms.


You quickly hurry up the stairs after him.
> You an Hour Later...
You sit in the shotgun seat of the coach, as Haygarth continues spurring the horses forward. You're entering the village of Nitchidorf, with Count Grey resting in the back. The carriage's wheels roll into the village, stopping as you enter the village limits. 


"Go open the doors for the Count," Haygarth says.


You nod, quickly hopping off the carriage. You run to the back of the carriage, opening it as the tall, gaunt Vampire steps out, tilting his head to stare down at you.


"Follow," he commands.


He begins walking along the street, staring at each of the houses.


"We must find you a little... playmate," Count Grey says, looking at the houses.


He sniffs the air, staring at the houses. His eyes flicker to you, filling you with dread as he licks his lips, still stained with bits of your crimson ichor, looking hungry.


"Ye-yes, master," you say, nervously.


The vampire stares at you for a second, before looking away. He seems impatient.


"Yes... I can smell two prominent ones. Tell me, Samuel, what do you think? There's a young one who smells freshly bathed and lemongrass perfume, or one that smells of fresh dough and... terror sweat. It appears the latter one can see us. Which is it, Samuel?"
> The first girl
"Uh... the... the fi..." you stutter, tripping over your words as the vampire growls.


"Have I found myself with another fool, a boy with the mind of a mule?" the vampire says, his long, gleaning white fangs, the corners of his mouth still red with your blood. "I've had a year out of you. Perhaps it's best to finish you off now."


Count Grey slowly walks forward, snarling as his fangs poke out, looking like huge spears. 
> You attack
You charge forward, but you're a child, and he's an immortal, ancient vampire. He grabs your neck, holding your head high to expose your neck. His mouth immediately shoots forward, biting into your neck as he begins to drain you of your life force. You gasp as your blood is drained, before he drops your dead body to the ground.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Uh... the... the fi..." you stutter, tripping over your words as the vampire growls.


"Have I found myself with another fool, a boy with the mind of a mule?" the vampire says, his long, gleaning white fangs, the corners of his mouth still red with your blood. "I've had a year out of you. Perhaps it's best to finish you off now."


Count Grey slowly walks forward, snarling as his fangs poke out, looking like huge spears. 
> You stand your ground
You stand your ground, as the vampire grabs you by the throat, lifting you into the air. His grip is tight, strangling you as he snarls, looking you at you with his cold, dark eyes.


“I’m going to feel nothing as you die,” he says.


Your brain begins to scream from lack of oxygen, as his eyes stare into yours. Your vision gets blurry, as your head begins to pulse with a desire to simply close your eyes and pass out. Suddenly, he releases you from his grip, as he drops you to the ground.


“Perhaps… perhaps you’re ready to truly serve. Your life is mine, Samuel. If I decide to break your neck, you’ll lay your head down on the table and have your neck broken, understood?"


"Ye... yes, sir. Whatever you desire," you manage to spit out.


"Good. The rich one, was it?" the vampire says, smiling. "Follow me."


You quickly begin following, walking along the stone road. You stop at one of the larger brick houses, with a fancy looking brass knocker. Count Grey briefly knocked on the wooden door, waiting. There was a loud noise inside, as the owner scrambled to get ready. The door opened on a chain, with an elderly bespectacled man peering out.


"May I... oh, my..." the man said, stepping back. 


Count Grey grabbed him by the throat, tearing the door open as the chain snapped. Count Grey raised the man into the air, tossing him aside.


"Follow," Count Grey shouted, as the old man struggled to stand, grabbing a letter opener.


"Stay back!" he said. "You stay away from..."


Count Grey let out a snarl, as he bared his teeth, his eyes filling his hunger. The old man meekly dropped the letter opener, stepping back. Count Grey walked forward into the house, sniffing the air. With a quick kick, he smashed the door open. You stood behind him, watching as a young girl barely into her teens lies, wearing a night gown. From the wet path on both the gown and the sheets she's curdled up in, it appears she's peed herself. 


"Ah... so fresh... so young... so delicious," Count Grey says.


The girl screams for her grandfather, but Count Grey simply grabs her by the hair, in a quick jerk ripping her from the bed. Count Grey walked along the hallway, dragging her towards the coach. You follow, passing the disgraced looking grandfather.


"Grandpapa! Grandpapa!" the girl screamed, as her father just looked down, ashamed.


Count Grey dragged her into the coach, throwing her into the back, before locking it. He motioned for you to follow.


"It's a beautiful night. The moon's full in the sky. I need to... negotiate with a few of the beasts of the night. I shan't be long. When to the West the honorless dogs create endless machines of war and to the East our enemies have endless' souls to give, we could always use more allies, yes?"


You nod slowly, as the Vampire slides his coat off his gaunt frame, holding it out. You stare at it, before realizing he wants you to take it and grabbing it.


"Take the girl back to the castle. Detain her. Then, await my return."


"Yes, sir," you respond, as your master turns away, strolling off into the night. 
> You head back to the castle
You walk towards the shotgun seat, climbing up to sit next to Haygarth.


"The girl is alive and in my coach, yet the master is not. What happened?" he asks.


"Count Grey is hunting. You need to take me and the girl home."


"What's to become of the girl? Is she a blood bag, or a new apprentice?" Haygarth asks, raising an eye. "Neither would be particularly surprising."


"I don't know," you admit.


"So be it," Haygarth replies.


You put your head against the back of the coach, and close your eyes as you head towards the castle.
> You an Hour Later...
The coach enters the castle gate, as you climb off the coach. Haygarth lowers the portcullis, as you go to the back to open the coach. The girl sits there, staring at you in terror.


"Get out," you command.


The girl nods, crawling ahead as she gets out of the coach. You grab her by the wrist, leading her along to the coach. She doesn't talk, seemingly in shock. She doesn't say a word, instead staring at you in terror. You wonder if you should try to converse, to calm her, or keep unemotional and professional about this issue.
> You talk to the rich girl
"So, do you have a name?" you say.


"Yelena," she says, struggling to even talk.


"My name's Samuel."


You walk on for another few seconds of silence, as she looks at you, her face pale.


"Am I going to die?" she asks.


"You..." you begin to say, before she stares at you, trying to see if you're lying. "I don't know. I'm sorry."


She nods.


You show her down the stairs, before leading her into a prison cell. You lock the cell door, staring at her from behind the bars. She stares blankly ahead, leaning against the wall and sliding down to lean against it, her nightgown now covered in mud and dirt.


You leave her there, now secured, and end up heading to bed for a few hours sleep before Count Grey arrives back.
> You sleep...
You awake to the prick of fangs against your neck. You don't move, taking in a deep breath.


"You looked so... so appetizing. Let's go. We need to finish the last stage of your path towards becoming a true apprentice."


You nod, standing. You make your way down to the prison cell, where the girl still waits. She looks up, terrified.


"What... what is to be done with her?" you gulp.


"She is food. Learn that fact," your master says. 


The vampire draws a long dagger from his side, handing it to you.


"If you're going to be my Ghoul, you need to prove you're capable of preparing my food. Kill her,"


You hold the knife, staring at it as the girl begins to cry. You notice from the wet patch growing on her nightgown, she’s pissed herself once more.


“Kill her. She’s weak, you’re strong. Slice open her throat, so I can feed,” Count Grey commanded.


The girl breaks into sobs as Count Grey opens the cell door, swinging it ajar and motioning for you to enter. You nod, walking forward with the knife held tightly in your hand.
> You kill her
You step forward, into the cell. You close your eyes, moving forward as you grab the girls’ head. You hold the knife to her throat as she struggles desperately, her fingernails scratching at your face. You stab her through the throat, directly through the main vein. She collapses, shuddering as blood spurts out and begins to run down her neck, staining her hair crimson. You feel like bursting into tears, but you know to show weakness would be to end up like her… if you were lucky.


“Good,” Count Grey says, tossing a rag forward. “Hold it against her neck to stem the bleeding, and then pick her up and follow me.”


You grab the girl, holding the rag tightly against the wound to stem the bleeding. You lift her over your shoulder, standing up. You follow Count Grey along the hall. Soon, you find yourself in front of a large, wooden door. Haygarth has forbidden you from entering, which only mean that you had one less room to clean. Count Grey pulls a short, silver key from his pocket. He opens the door, revealing a massive storage room. The room is filled with cabinets and shelving units. They’re all filled with crystal bottles, filled with a scarlet red ichor.


“This castle was built to withstand a siege. It’s storerooms could keep a force here going for years with wheat, potatoes, salted meats and more, as well as small gardens. Unfortunately, I require a more… delicate solution to avoid starving.”


You look at the endless bottles of blood, wondering how many lives were given to fill them.


“It’s quite hard to successfully bottle blood. Let alone hard hard it is to get it from the victim without a needle and a few hours. You’ll need to get quite good at that.”


“You want me to kill people and bottle their blood?” you ask.


“Yes. Not just anyone. Virgins, particularly. Once they’ve lost that, their blood’s impure, and will spoil quickly enough outside the body. After that, you’ll need to keep it around for a few days, make sure it doesn’t spoil.”


“I thought you said virgin blood doesn’t spoil.”


“It doesn’t, but in this day and age, it’s so hard to tell. I always struggle to pick out my targets. I want them to be young enough to be a virgin, but still old enough to… well, perhaps from the morality my tribe taught me oh so many years ago, I don’t want to kill babies, or children that young. I’m perfectly willing to, mind you, but I don’t find it necessary when there are so many other potential blood bags. Even then, you can never be sure. You always have some human filth so enamored with mortal concepts like sex that they end up defiling children. You’d be surprised by how young I’ve found my victims to be, yet still spoiled. Oh, they say power corrupts, but it just lets people be who they are naturally. Perhaps some day, we’ll see who you are at heart.”


“Does… does it have to be children?” you ask. “What about someone like… the Catholic priests in the village?”


“Ha! I’d be able to find more virgins among the girls at the whore house then at the church!” Count Grey says, laughing. His laughter is… unnatrual. Even though you understand the context to the joke, you still somehow feel as if he’s laughing maniacally since he’s got you at his mercy, which you suppose he does.


You weakly smile, before the weight of the dead girl over your shoulders becomes too much and you lower her onto the cold stone floor, keeping the now red, sticky rag pressed against her wound.


“Ah, yes. We’re wasting time,” he says.


Count Grey grabs a crystal bottle, handing to you.


“Move the rag, and replace it with bottle. Fill it,” he says.


You take the bottle and remove the rag, quickly pressing the bottle against the bleeding wound, as blood continues to flow into it. You take effort not to look at the girl’s face, watching as the bottle is slowly filled.


"The heart is a tremendous organ, isn’t it?” Count Grey says, licking his lips. “So… fresh. So… delicious.”


The vampire snarls, taking a deep breath. For a second, his face contorts into a combination of that of a starving man willing to break any moral code to feed his hunger, that of a hate-filled demon knowing nothing other than the negative emotions that plague the depths of man’s soul, as well as that of a beast, knowing only hunger. You step back, almost knocking over a rack of bottles, before Count Grey pauses.


“Don’t worry, little one. It’s just that staring at the blood makes me so, so thirsty. I’d imagine you’ll be able to fill up a lot more bottles than I, seeing as you won’t be tempted to down the bottle you’re filling at any given moment.”


Count Grey takes the bottle, pouring a small amount into an ornate wooden bowl, before capping the bottle with a crystal stopper.


“No, we test. You get this little box,” he said, grabbing an oak box from the cabinet, and opening it to reveal various things.


Count Grey draws out a long tooth, seemingly from a vampire. It looks to be a curved, deadly sharp fang.


“This belonged to Elise the Skin-Taker. You need to drop the fang in the bowl, and leave it there for three days. If the tooth is no different, put the tooth back in the box and put the bottle with the others. If the tooth has turned black, dump out the blood and wash out the bottle. Then, use a blade to scrape of the rotten outside, and put the rest, the tooth that's not rotten, back in the box. Be careful. A tooth can only last two or three of these, and I only have so many. Getting more takes another trip to the wilder regions and find a maddened, bestial vampire without reason or logic, a bandit who has found himself with the gifts of the blood moon or some aspiring Vampire who wishes to be a count."


Count Grey puts the bottle on the stone table, next to the bowl.


"You've prepared your first bottle, little one. You'll prepare many more. You've proven yourself tonight. Now, your job changes. Follow me," he says.


Count Grey walks along the hallways, stopping at a small, wooden door that again has remained locked during your stay here. He opens it with the same key, before handing it to you.


"Here. This is your new room," he says, opening the door.


In stark contrast with your last room, a simple tiny bed in a barren room, this one is surprisingly less furnished. A desk and chair stands there, a mirror, a wardrobe and a large bed. A gun rack sits by the single window, with two rifles and a shotgun in it.


"Thank you, thank you master!" you say.


"Open the wardrobe," Count Grey commands.


You walk forward, opening the wardrobe. Inside is a pair of black leather boots, black trousers, a black shirt, a dark red leather long coat and belt and a dark red tri-corner hat.


"Put it on," Count Grey commands. 


You quickly get undressed, as Count Grey stares, bored, at the wall. You get dressed into the outfit, turning to look back at your master.


"Yes... it fits well. Kneel, dog," the vampire says.


You drop to your knee, bowing your head low. You look up at Count Grey, who raises his arm to his mouth. He bites it, releasing a flow of blood that runs down his hands. He holds it out, staring at you expectantly.


"Drink," he commands.


You look at the burgundy liquid running down the vampire's arm, in stark contrast with the white, ghastly skin. You put your mouth to the wound, and begin to suck.


The liquid is like a poison. Your skin begins to tingle, as you feel drowsy. You try to pull your head away, but the vampire holds it in place.


"Drink!" he commands aggressively.


You keep drinking the cold liquid down, as your stomach begins to churn. You feel like you're about to collapse into a coma, as the blood seems to drain your life source. Finally, Count Grey lets you pull your head back.


"Rise, ghoul," he commands.


You stand, trying not to puke. You look at Count Grey, who raises an eyebrow.


"Are you going to vomit, child?" he asks.


You feel the puke rise up in your throat, but hold it down, shaking your head.


"Well done," he says. "Now, you're a ghoul. No longer will you work like a slave with Haygarth. You will hunt for me when I am busy. You will scout and pick out potential prey. You will guard the castle. You will be a true minion."


You nod, eagerly. 


"I... am yours, master," you say.
> Three Years Later...
You sit in the shotgun seat of a carriage with Haygarth at the reins. It's been a long journey. You have to venture to meet with King Ferdinand I in order to arrange taxation laws and other things you haven't been educated well enough to understand. You're finally entering the territory under Count Grey's control, staring out at the village you're entering as the sun falls in the distance.


"Stop here," you say. "I want to grab a bite to eat."


"We must be home soon!" Haygarth says. "Count Grey's in the back, he might wake up soon. Sun's almost gone."


You're hungry, thirsty and you've been traveling for the past three days. There's no way in hell you're going back to the castle for Haygarth to cook up his famous soup, which you're certain he's literally shitting in. 
> You attempt to convince Haygarth to stop
"Haygarth, be fair here. Do you really want to go back to the castle to have to cook for us? We could quickly get some grub, some drinks, and then head back to the castle. Right?"


"Don't like leaving carriage. There's always pointing, laughing, staring," Haygarth says, pulling his balaclava up to the bridge of his nose. "Fine. I'll pull in. You go eat. I'll wait here, eat something when I get home," he says.


The carriage pulls in alongside a tavern, as you look to Haygarth, who looks fairly pathetic as he attempts to cover his mishapen form.
> You enter the tavern
You walk inside the tavern by yourself, feeling the weight of your Leu-filled wallet in your side pocket. You walk along, and immediately garner the attention of everyone in the bar. Your garb makes it immediately clear to anyone but the most ignorant or simply stupid of the peasants that you're a servant of Count Grey. The tavern quickly clears out, heading to their various homes, leaving only a few idiots too old and stubborn or young and cocky to realize staying near you is death. 


You toss a crumpled note on the counter, looking up at the bar tender expectantly. Soon, you find yourself drinking a pint, a plate of chicken, boiled potatoes and cabbage in front of you. You smile, eating it up eagerly, downing the pint in a few gulps. You belch loudly, smiling as you find yourself now filled with food, warm and content.


"Where's the bathroom?" you ask, feeling the need to piss rising as your full bladder demands you act.


"Bathroom's broken. Go outside," the bar-tender replies.


You raise an eyebrow, tapping on your hat.


"Do you know who I am? Who I work for?" you ask.


"I do. If he shows up here, I'm as happy to show him the broken toilet as I am you."


You sigh, standing and walking outside into the alley. You unzip your trousers and pull out your dick, pissing onto the side of the old building.


Suddenly, the cold blade of a knife is pressed against your throat.


"Don't move," a deep voice whispers. "Hands in the air."


"Do you expect me to let go of my dick and piss on myself?" you ask, more annoyed than scared.


"Finish up," the voice says.


You finish pissing, popping your genitalia back in your trousers, buttoning it up, and slowly turn to face your attack. Two teens, barely fifteen by the looks of it, both with short blond hair, one skinny, on large and muscular, stare at you. The skinny one holds a pistol, while the big one holds the knife pressed against your throat.


"What's this about, gents? Revenge?" you ask, knowing just how many family's want your blood for taking their daughter's.


"What? We don't know you," the big one says. 


"The wallet. Now," the skinny one says.


You pause, frowning.


"Are you seriously fucking telling me you've decided to mug me?" you ask, surprised.


"Why the fuck wouldn't we?" the big one asks, pushing you against the wall as the skinny one draws his own knife with his left hand, strolling forward to press the barrel against your temple.


"Wallet. Now," he says.


"Fucking idiots. You don't recognize the outfit, eh? I'm a fucking Ghoul, Count Grey's personal assistant."


The big one looks at the skinny one nervously.


"Maybe we should let him go," the big one asks.


"He's bluffing," the skinny one says, licking his lips. "Ghouls... ghouls are rotten, aren't they?"


"The sun's down, boys. Count Grey's due to wake..."


"Shut it! Wallet, now!" the skinny one commands.
> You buy time
"Do you know how dangerous the count is? He'll drink you dry, his fangs'll prick..."


"Shut it!" the skinny one says.


"Let's just go," the big one says.


"First, the wallet!" the skinny one says.


"I think I can hear Count Grey. He's co..." you say, before you're interrupted by the skinny one pulling the trigger, covering the wall with your brain matter.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk inside the tavern by yourself, feeling the weight of your Leu-filled wallet in your side pocket. You walk along, and immediately garner the attention of everyone in the bar. Your garb makes it immediately clear to anyone but the most ignorant or simply stupid of the peasants that you're a servant of Count Grey. The tavern quickly clears out, heading to their various homes, leaving only a few idiots too old and stubborn or young and cocky to realize staying near you is death. 


You toss a crumpled note on the counter, looking up at the bar tender expectantly. Soon, you find yourself drinking a pint, a plate of chicken, boiled potatoes and cabbage in front of you. You smile, eating it up eagerly, downing the pint in a few gulps. You belch loudly, smiling as you find yourself now filled with food, warm and content.


"Where's the bathroom?" you ask, feeling the need to piss rising as your full bladder demands you act.


"Bathroom's broken. Go outside," the bar-tender replies.


You raise an eyebrow, tapping on your hat.


"Do you know who I am? Who I work for?" you ask.


"I do. If he shows up here, I'm as happy to show him the broken toilet as I am you."


You sigh, standing and walking outside into the alley. You unzip your trousers and pull out your dick, pissing onto the side of the old building.


Suddenly, the cold blade of a knife is pressed against your throat.


"Don't move," a deep voice whispers. "Hands in the air."


"Do you expect me to let go of my dick and piss on myself?" you ask, more annoyed than scared.


"Finish up," the voice says.


You finish pissing, popping your genitalia back in your trousers, buttoning it up, and slowly turn to face your attack. Two teens, barely fifteen by the looks of it, both with short blond hair, one skinny, on large and muscular, stare at you. The skinny one holds a pistol, while the big one holds the knife pressed against your throat.


"What's this about, gents? Revenge?" you ask, knowing just how many family's want your blood for taking their daughter's.


"What? We don't know you," the big one says. 


"The wallet. Now," the skinny one says.


You pause, frowning.


"Are you seriously fucking telling me you've decided to mug me?" you ask, surprised.


"Why the fuck wouldn't we?" the big one asks, pushing you against the wall as the skinny one draws his own knife with his left hand, strolling forward to press the barrel against your temple.


"Wallet. Now," he says.


"Fucking idiots. You don't recognize the outfit, eh? I'm a fucking Ghoul, Count Grey's personal assistant."


The big one looks at the skinny one nervously.


"Maybe we should let him go," the big one asks.


"He's bluffing," the skinny one says, licking his lips. "Ghouls... ghouls are rotten, aren't they?"


"The sun's down, boys. Count Grey's due to wake..."


"Shut it! Wallet, now!" the skinny one commands.
> You attempt to negotiate
"Look, you take my wallet, Count Grey's going to feel disrespected. Best case scenario, he sends me out with a rifle to track you down and..."


"Shut it!" the skinny one says.


"Let's just go," the big one says.


"First, the wallet!" the skinny one says.


"Worst case, Count Grey comes after you personally. He'll..." you say, before you're interrupted by the skinny one pulling the trigger, covering the wall with your brain matter.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk inside the tavern by yourself, feeling the weight of your Leu-filled wallet in your side pocket. You walk along, and immediately garner the attention of everyone in the bar. Your garb makes it immediately clear to anyone but the most ignorant or simply stupid of the peasants that you're a servant of Count Grey. The tavern quickly clears out, heading to their various homes, leaving only a few idiots too old and stubborn or young and cocky to realize staying near you is death. 


You toss a crumpled note on the counter, looking up at the bar tender expectantly. Soon, you find yourself drinking a pint, a plate of chicken, boiled potatoes and cabbage in front of you. You smile, eating it up eagerly, downing the pint in a few gulps. You belch loudly, smiling as you find yourself now filled with food, warm and content.


"Where's the bathroom?" you ask, feeling the need to piss rising as your full bladder demands you act.


"Bathroom's broken. Go outside," the bar-tender replies.


You raise an eyebrow, tapping on your hat.


"Do you know who I am? Who I work for?" you ask.


"I do. If he shows up here, I'm as happy to show him the broken toilet as I am you."


You sigh, standing and walking outside into the alley. You unzip your trousers and pull out your dick, pissing onto the side of the old building.


Suddenly, the cold blade of a knife is pressed against your throat.


"Don't move," a deep voice whispers. "Hands in the air."


"Do you expect me to let go of my dick and piss on myself?" you ask, more annoyed than scared.


"Finish up," the voice says.


You finish pissing, popping your genitalia back in your trousers, buttoning it up, and slowly turn to face your attack. Two teens, barely fifteen by the looks of it, both with short blond hair, one skinny, on large and muscular, stare at you. The skinny one holds a pistol, while the big one holds the knife pressed against your throat.


"What's this about, gents? Revenge?" you ask, knowing just how many family's want your blood for taking their daughter's.


"What? We don't know you," the big one says. 


"The wallet. Now," the skinny one says.


You pause, frowning.


"Are you seriously fucking telling me you've decided to mug me?" you ask, surprised.


"Why the fuck wouldn't we?" the big one asks, pushing you against the wall as the skinny one draws his own knife with his left hand, strolling forward to press the barrel against your temple.


"Wallet. Now," he says.


"Fucking idiots. You don't recognize the outfit, eh? I'm a fucking Ghoul, Count Grey's personal assistant."


The big one looks at the skinny one nervously.


"Maybe we should let him go," the big one asks.


"He's bluffing," the skinny one says, licking his lips. "Ghouls... ghouls are rotten, aren't they?"


"The sun's down, boys. Count Grey's due to wake..."


"Shut it! Wallet, now!" the skinny one commands.
> You give them the wallet
You hand over your wallet, giving them the finger as you do.


"Thanks," the skinny one smiles, grabbing it from your hand as he smacks you in the head with the gun, knocking you to the floor.


"What are you doing?" the big one asks. "We don't need to kill him! We got the wallet!"


You look up to see the barrel of the gun pointing directly at your head.


"You heard what he said. He's with the count. If we kill him now, the count won't come after us!" the skinny one knows. "He's seen our faces."


"He doesn't know our names," the big one says.


"I'm Lucas. That's Mikhail," the skinny one said.


"What the fuck!?" the big one, Mikhail replies.


"We have to kill him. Now even you'd agree to that," Lucas says.


"Always kill your prey. You don't want to let them come back and bite you in the throat," a voice says.


Count Grey steps from the shadows, his teeth curved in a grin, his fangs prominent. He grabs Lucas' gun arm, twisting it until Lucas drops the gun. Mikhail charges with a knife, but with a quick, well-planted punch to the chest sends him to the floor, badly winded. You stand up, grabbing the gun as well as drawing your own, pointing one at each of the thieves.


"What, are you some fucking cowboy with your guns? Shoot, come on!" Lucas says, even though his bottom lip is quivering.


"Tell me, Samuel. How did they manage to jump you?" Count Grey asks, tracing a finger down Lucas' nose.


"I was pissing," you admit.


"Hmmm... tell me, where is your family?" Count Grey asks, turning his attention to the teens.


"Dead," Lucas answers.


"Well then, you've shown balls, willingness to kill and the ability to ambush. Perhaps... Samuel, you were the one mugged. What happened? Were you behaving stupidly and ambushed by some lackluster fools, or are these two deserving of becoming ghouls?"
> You suggest the teens become ghouls
"They have potential," you admit.


"Young men, I'll give you a choice. I could kill you now, drain your blood and return to my castle for the night."


"What's the other option?" Mikhail asks.


"Join me. Let me take you on as my... apprentice. As my servant. As my slave. As whatever I need you to be. In exchange for your servitude, I offer your life."


"Jesus, do you have that memorized?" you mutter, under your breath.


"I'm in," Lucas says immediately, as Mikhail pauses, before nodding in agreement.


"Perfect," the vampire smiles. "The coach is full. You'll walk behind it. No breaks. No time to pack. Immediately. If you're too pathetic for that, you might as well die of exhaustion."


With that, Count Grey walks off, and you eagerly follow.
> Three Years Later...
You watch as the Twins hold the two girls in front of you, knives in their hands. Count Grey stands to your side, watching intently.


"Do it," Count Grey commands.


Mikhail takes a deep breath, stabbing the girl in the throat. He closes his eye as the girl twitches, blood spurting out as he slices through her throat.


"Help..." the girl gurgles, blood filling her throat, before he head drops to the side.


Lucas looks at his master, before down at the girl. He presses the knife to the girl's wrist, slicing it open. As the girl screams, before he wraps his left arm around her throat and beginning to strangle her to prevent her from screaming.


"What are you doing?" Count Grey asks, more curious than angry. 


"If she's left alive, the heart keeps pumping. More blood will spurt out for you to consume," Lucas says, as the girl sobs desperately.


"Interesting," Count Grey says. "Grab your blood bags and follow me. Samuel, no need to see this. You've filled countless bottles."


"Yes, sir," you reply.


You walk away, walking to the bedroom, lying down in the bed. You rest your head against the pillow, and drift off to sleep.


You awaken about an hour later, with Count Grey staring at you from the doorway.


"Yes?" you ask nervously.


"There's going to be some changes in this castle, understood? Now that we have three ghouls. You and the others will extend our power. First, it's important you should know. I'm not the only vampire."


"I know," you reply, confused. "We've fought rival Vampires, hunted those that went feral with bloodlust, taken out vampiric bandits..."


"I mean," Count Grey says, annoyed by the interruption. "That I'm not the only vampire on our side. You're family with the three vassal vampires that run the various subsections of the region, yes?"


"Yes," you reply. "The Draven Family House, the Alexa Family House and the Mihrab Family House."


"Not exactly. These are not the names of families. They're the names of individuals. I have three vampires under by control, acting as my lieutenants. Their names are Draven, Mihrab and Alexa." 


"Are they threats?"


"No. You just need to know of them. If needs be, you'll kill one someday. Maybe all three. Understood?"


"Yes, sir," you reply.


"Good. Train and drill with the Twins more. You'll need to become a better fighter. Now, sleep."


With that, Count Grey closes the door, leaving you in the dark room.


Just knowing Count Grey has constant access to you prevents you from sleeping. 
> Three Years Later...
The coach drives down the road as the sun begins to fall from its high perch in the sky.You breath in the cold air, as Haygarth drives the horse forward. You take a cigarette from your pocket, lighting it with a match. You breath in the smoke, closing your eyes as you feel it fill your lungs, before exhaling.


“Pass it over,” Mikhail says, reaching a gloved hand forward to grab at the cigarette from inside the coach.


"Haygarth? How far?" you ask.


"We're here," Haygarth mutters. "Yes, yes, we're here."


The coach pulls up to the side of an old brick tavern, the Raven's Quill.


“Is he late?” you ask. "What time is he supposed to be here?"


“Five-ish,” Mikhail says, opening his pocket watch. “It’s five now."


"He’s late,” you say.


“He said five-ish. That could be another hour, knowing Lucas,” Mikhail says.


You nod, and turn to look at your companion.


Mikhail is an even uglier creature. The man is 6’4, hunched up in the back seat. His muscles bulge, easily filling the extra large jacket. His nose has clearly been broken a dozen times over, his face looking similar. He looks like a shaven ogre, and although quiet, he’s been quite a sweet man despite his line of work.


“He’s here,” Haygarth says.


Mikhail goes through his jacket pocket, as Lucas opens the side door of the coach. He looks angelic, like a grown-up Cherub, with blond hair, rosy cheeks and a flashing smile. A woman is at his side, a little younger than you.


“Brother, thank you for the lift!” Lucas says. “This is Dasha. I really think she’s a special one. Hop in, darling.”


Dasha smiles nervously, getting into the car. She extends a hand to Mikhail, smiling.


“Hi, I’m Dasha. pleasure to meet…” Dasha says.


Mikhail grabs Dasha’s head, quickly covering her mouth with his massive hand. He pours the bottle in his hand out onto a rag, soaking it, before pressing it tightly against her face. She lets out a muffled scream before slowly beginning to stop struggling. Soon, Dasha goes still. Mikhail props her up, and Lucas climbs into the carriage. 


“She was a real bitch. Always saying she should stay with her friends, or tell them where she’s going, or offering to pay for a hired coach home. If someone like that gets someone like me, they should just keep their fucking mouth shut,” Lucas complains.


“Clearly she shouldn’t have,” you point out.


“Whatever,” Lucas says, grabbing the cigarette and fumbling through his coat pocket for some matches.


“How long will that last?" you ask in reference to the chloroform.


“Six hours, give or take,” Mikhail says.


“How long to the castle?” Lucas asks, lighting the cigarette.


“Three,” Mikhail says.


“Four, yes, yes, definitely four," Haygarth says. “The roads are icy.”


“Fantastic, let’s get the fuck out of here,” Lucas says.
> Four Hours Later...
The coach drives inside the huge gates of the huge castle, as the sky turns gold and twilight fills the world with a beautiful feeling of serenity. The coach pulls into the stables, where Haygarth immediately gets to work with the horses. Mikhail opens the coach door, putting Dasha over his shoulder and walking towards the keep. You follow him, as does Lucas, walking alongside him as Dasha stirs with a groan, but doesn't break her slumber.


You walk into the keep, and quickly down to the dungeons. The large dungeon is covered with an earth floor, and four occupied cells. Four women, all of similar age and appearance to Dasha, all whose names you've forgotten, are there. Their mouths are gagged, though they scream desperately as they see you enter. Mikhail mutters a curse under his breath as he tries not to make eye contact with the women, but Lucas smiles and cheerfully waves at women. Mikhail carries Dasha to an empty cell, opening it and laying her gently on the cot inside. He locks the cell behind him, and looks at you both.


"The sun is down. Should we wake him?" Mikhail asks.


"Leave him. It's late. We'll wake him in an hour," Lucas says.


You nod, turning and walking away from the twins. You head up the stone staircase towards the kitchen. Despite the fact that this building is around a thousand years old, it's surprisingly well furnished. Count Grey has kept the house furnished with modern technology, one of the bonuses of controlling a tiny pocket of land and resources. As long as King Carol I got his taxes, he left Count Grey do as he pleased.


You open a cabinet, taking out a somewhat stale sugar cookie and biting into it. You make yourself a sandwich from cold meat, nuts and dates, and quietly consume it, while watching as the world blackens. Just as you see the first red haze on the horizon of the rising blood moon, you quickly turn and head quickly down to the Count's chambers. You hurry down the stairs, quickly heading to the lowest floor, at the center of the castle. Mikhail is already waiting in the dark room, empty except for a single, candle-adored coffin leaning against the stone wall.


The coffin in intricate, a large, black wooden coffin with an intricate, thorny pattern, and a single silver, demonic face with a roaring mouth with a pair of fangs on the front. You can feel the dark feeling emanating from it. It makes you feel cold just looking at it, and you shudder at the thought of what lies inside. Nonetheless, it is your duty to awaken your master.


Lucas hurries into the room,, dropping his cigarette and crushing it under his heel. He looks at both of you.


"Oh good, we're all here. Let's do it, shall we?" Lucas says.


"Which one of us wakes him tonight?" you say.


Lucas smiles, holding up his bandaged wrist.


"I did yesterday."


Mikhail shows you the two-day old cut on his upper arm You draw your dagger, pressing it against your forearm and gently slicing it open. You take in a deep breath as you feel the sharp pain. Blood pours down your arm, and your press the open cut into the roaring mouth of the silver ideal, smearing it with blood. You count to three, before leaning in.


"Glorious Master, the night has come and the world is yours," you whisper.


You step back as the coffin door is pushed open. Inside stands the Count. Dried blood cakes the corners of his mouth, as he lets out a growl, flashing his long, curved fangs, that look sharper than a needle. His black, soulless eyes peer into yours, as you take a deep breath. You outstretch your arm, and he walks forward, grabbing you by the wrist. He brings your arm to his mouth, and begins to suck. He sucks the blood that pumps from your cut as you wince, before releasing you. Mikhail hands you a roll of bandage, which you quickly begin wrapping them around your wound. Count Grey walks away from you, strolling towards the lounge. He walks up the stone stairs, before heading to the glass window. He stares out at the darkness, and the rising red moon.


"Good... good..." he says. "Prepare altar. The Viceroys will be here soon."


You nod eagerly, and quickly head down to the dungeons, followed by the others. The gagged woman are in the cells, curled up and terrified. Dasha is still unconscious, which gives you pause.


"The new girl, Dasha, look at her," you say.


"What of her?" Lucas asks.


"She's still not awake. Maybe you used too much chloroform, Mikhail," you say.


"No, I used the normal amount. Maybe she had a medical condition," Mikhail says.


"Who the fuck cares?" Lucas asks.


"What if she's dead? We'll be one victim short? Do you want to be the sacrifice?" you say.


Lucas pauses, opening the cell and walking towards her. He drops to his knee, putting a hand against her chest.


"She's breathing. Just unconscious. The idiot must've used too much chloroform. She's alive, she'll do, alright?"


Mikhail shrugs, slinging the girl over his shoulder. Lucas opens the two other cells, grabbing the women inside and pulling them along by their hair. The girls are shackled, so they're incapable of struggling much, but any resistance leads quickly to a punch to the side of the head.


"Samuel, get the last two!" Lucas shouts.


You grab the cell keys, walking over. One of the girl stares at you with rage, the other sits in the back corner in terror. You open the scared girl's cell first, grabbing her by her chain. You drag her out of the cell, before opening the second cell and grabbing the more resistant girl.


"Don't fight me on this. You're not going to win this, and I don't want to hurt you," you say.


You pull on the second girl's chain, but she plants her feet down and stares at you.
> You hit the girl
You swing your fist, smashing into the side of the girl's head, as she crumples to her knees. She lets out a pained moan through her gag, and as blood trickles down the side of her face, her eyes fill with fear. You pull on her chain again and she follows. You quickly lead the two along the hallway, before up the stairs, into the "church". You hear Count Grey's dark, cold, emotionless voice from the main hall.


"Welcome, Viceroys. Did you decide to come together, or simply met on the road here?"


"Coincidence, my lord," another far deeper voice booms, one more filled with malice and hatred than Count Grey's.


"Good, good. Haygarth!" Count Grey shouts.


"Yes, yes master?" Haygarth's voice comes back from the stables.


"Come, fetch the Viceroy's coats!"


"Yes, yes sir!" Haygarth says, quickly hurrying to them.


You turn your attention back to the task at hand. In front of you in a large, open stone room. Groves cover the stone floor, making the shape of a large pentagram. Lucas' two prisoners are kneeling at two of the points of the pentagram chained to a loop in the stone to prevent them from moving, while Dasha lies at the third, her unconscious state meaning she doesn't need to be chained up. 


"Come on," you say, raising your fist to threaten the second girl. You force her to kneel on the ground and chain her to the loop in the ground. You drag the first girl to the other, doing the same.


Mikhail and Lucas stand off to the side, watching them. Mikhail looks down, looking vaguely embarrassed at his part in this. Lucas, however, seems ecstatic. He walks forward, grinning as he draws his dagger.


"Oh boy, look at that!" he says, dropping to his knees in front of a girl. "Look at that. You see the pentagram? You see those deep, thick groves? I'm going to fill them with your blood. You like that? You ready?"


The girl frantically begins to struggle, as Lucas smiles. Lucas slices the girl's throat open, as blood pours out, flooding into the grove and running along. The girl gurgles as blood pours through her throat, and Lucas lets the head fall to the ground over the grove, letting the blood pour out into it.


"Mikhail, come on, we need this ready for the Viceroys and Count Grey!" he says.


"I am not a butcher," Mikhail says softly, as Lucas' eyes narrow.


"Don't fucking take the high road. You drugged every whore here, knowing it was all so we'd slit there throats here. You're as much a murderer as I am."


Mikhail looks to the ground, opening his mouth as if to say something, but closing it just as quickly.


"That's what I thought. Samuel, grab your knife, let's get to work."
> You join in
You sigh, drawing your knife as Lucas smiles.


"If you're going to lead to someone's death, at least have the fucking balls to be the one who uses the knife," he says.


Lucas walks over to the next girl, as you walk up to one. She tries to struggle, but you grab her by the hair, holding her vulnerable throat out and slicing it open with a long cut, before slowly lowering her head to above the grove. Lucas grabs the next girl by the hair, holding her forward and quickly slashing her throat as the blood pours out. You walk to the next one, quickly driving the sword through her neck, slicing open her fleshy throat and letting her bleed into the groove.


"Watch them die, Mikhail. You choose for this to happen. Whether you want to actually hold the knife or watch, you're a fucking monster. We all are. At least, we're willing to fulfill our role."


"Lucas! Mikhail! Samuel! Come down here!" Count Grey asks. "Quickly!"


"We need to go," Mikhail says, quickly turning and heading towards the door.


You quickly hurry towards the main hall, walking down the spiraling stairs. Count Grey stands there, alongside his three Viceroys, and Haygarth rushing to put away coats.


Viceroy Draven is a tall,well-muscled man. He has long, curly black hair, and instead of the black attire of the other three, he instead dons  steel plated armor which covers  him from the neck down.  A sword hangs by his side. From what you know, he's almost five hundred years old, once being and most likely still remaining a formidable warrior. He looks at you, his eyes narrowing as he stares at you. He lets out a low, guttural growling at the sight of you. Even after years of work around Count Grey, the man manages to make you feel like little more than a blood bag.


The second, Viceroy Mihrab, is even older, almost as old as Count Grey. His skin seems unusually tight,  a light brown in complex, his face sunken, his eyes lacking any emotion whatsoever. He wears dark attire, his eyes glancing in your direction away for a second, before peering away with disinterest. He doesn't appear to be armed, but with the long, sharp fingernails on his hand that at that length qualify as swords as well as long fangs, he doesn't need them.


The final Viceroy, Alexa, is the only woman of te group. She wears a black hooded cloak, her pale, scarred face underneath, with unnaturally long fangs even for one of her kind to halfway down towards her chin. She leans against the wall, looking at you without a single noise. She stares at you like a starved wolf. Something tells you that of all those present, she's the biggest threat. 


"Yes, master?" Mikhail says, standing up straight.


"Werewolves spotted on Hangman's Trail," he says. "They're amassing. Perhaps for a strike."


You pause, and can hear the distant howls of what lies between monsters and men.


"We'll push them back, sir," Mikhail nods. 


Mikhail turns away, and quickly begins heading to the armory. You follow, and you all quickly descend the stairs to the armory. You walk inside, grabbing a padded leather duster and slinging it over. You grab a rifle, as well as several magazines of silver bullets, popping them in a satchel that you put over your head. 


Now suitably armed, you grab a lantern, walking out towards the main hall. The Vampires have left, no doubt to partake in some drinks, discuss future plans, before beginning the ritual and, imbued with a power that grows as the blood moan rises, slaughtering dozens of helpless villagers.


You walk out the hall doors, pushing the door open and entering the dark night. You walk along the earth, passing the gate, which for some reason has been left open, one of the Viceroy's carriages sitting under the raised portcullis.


"Should we move it so we can drop the portcullis?" you ask.


"And piss off Count Grey and whoever owns this carriage? No fucking chance," Lucas says.


As you leave and wander off into the trees. Soon, the only sound is the crunching of leaves under foot and your breathing.


"Control your breathing. Deep breaths. Watch your foot placement as well as the path in front of you. Avoid twigs and try leaves. We're trying to hunt, best be quiet about it," Lucas says. "The man's most definitely untrustworthy and cruel, but he knows how to hunt.


You take his advise, holding the lantern out to illuminate the path ahead. You see a shape move to your right, and stop, immediately twisting to aim.


"Contract, left side!" you whisper.


"Just a deer, stay focused!" Lucas whispers. "This is a fucking hunting trail, of course there's deer around!"


You keep moving, you gun raised in your one hand, propped in the crook of your shoulder to allow you to aim. 


The beam of your light comes across a deer lying on the ground. It's belly has been ripped to shreds, entrails covering the earth around it and soaking it with bodily fluids. It's head, connected to its body by a few strands of sinew and muscle, lies in the grass at the edge of the path, two lifeless eyes staring towards the stars. 


"It's fresh, look out!" Lucas growls, as you immediately turn. You see a form rush through the undergrowth, aiming at it, but it's gone before your finger can even tighten on the trigger. 


A growling comes from the trees to your left, and you swing your rifle over to aim at the beast. They're faster than usual. They're not supposed to be this fast. It must be that fucking moon!


A howl comes from your right, and you drop your lantern to aim, catching a glance of blood-matted fur and a flash of white teeth. The beasts don't seem to bee going for the attack, rather endlessly circling, toying with you. None of you have even had the chance to fire a shot.


Suddenly you see one of them, basked in the red glow of the moon, dead in the center of the path. This one stands directly there, hunched over and staring at you, clearly not scared in the slightest. It's abnormally large, not even wearing the tattered remains of clothes, covered in patches of fur. it's head is malformed, it's jaws filled with teeth that barely fit in its mouth, crushed into somewhat of a snout. It's hungry eyes stare at you, as it lets out a low growl.
> You fire
You pull the trigger, as the silver bullet flies through the air. Through the grace of God, or whoever else, the bullet slams into the werewolf's head, smashing into his skull and sending bits of bone, chunks of grey matter and clumps of flesh and fur in various directions. The wolf's massive body stumbles forward, before collapsing to the ground with a thud. You hear a howl, which is immediately answered by dozens of other howls. There must be all the beasts here, stalking you through the forest, all of their power amplified by the power of the blood moon tenfold. Lucas and Mikhail also seem to notice it, immediately letting out a shout.


"Run!" Mikhail shouts.


You fling your lantern off to the side, setting a pile of dry leaves alight. A fire lights, as the fire quickly engulfs the leaves and grass, dry from lack of rainfall. The fire flares up, distracting the wolves for a split second. You sprint forward, desperately running through the undergrowth and bushes. You jump over a tree root, grabbing Mikhail and pulling him forward as he stumbles. You hear the roars of the werewolves close behind you.


You see one sprinting to your side on all fours, it's claws and hind-legs sending it hurtling forward, galloping to your side. It stares at you, howling skyward, as you keep running. You raise the gun, firing off to the side as the werewolf leaps out of the way of the bullet.


You hear wet, heavy panting, less than a foot behind you. The castle is close. barely a few hundred feet away. If you get to it, you might be able to get inside and bar the door, or drop the portcullis and keep the werewolves away. Still, you can see the golden hum of torches at the edge of your peripheral, showing the village closest to the house.
> You sprint to the castle
You keep sprinting forward, as Mikhail yells in pain off to your side a few seconds later. You hear him smack into the ground, and his terrified screams fill the air. You keep running, before you feel your back breaking as the werewolf's claw smashed into your hack, the knife-like claws cutting through your leather duster and slashing through your flesh. You roll to the ground with a scream, as the werewolf leaps onto you, it's weight crushing you. It's wet saliva dripping onto your face, it howls at the moon in an act of triumph, before it lunges forward, biting deep into your throat.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You pull the trigger, as the silver bullet flies through the air. Through the grace of God, or whoever else, the bullet slams into the werewolf's head, smashing into his skull and sending bits of bone, chunks of grey matter and clumps of flesh and fur in various directions. The wolf's massive body stumbles forward, before collapsing to the ground with a thud. You hear a howl, which is immediately answered by dozens of other howls. There must be all the beasts here, stalking you through the forest, all of their power amplified by the power of the blood moon tenfold. Lucas and Mikhail also seem to notice it, immediately letting out a shout.


"Run!" Mikhail shouts.


You fling your lantern off to the side, setting a pile of dry leaves alight. A fire lights, as the fire quickly engulfs the leaves and grass, dry from lack of rainfall. The fire flares up, distracting the wolves for a split second. You sprint forward, desperately running through the undergrowth and bushes. You jump over a tree root, grabbing Mikhail and pulling him forward as he stumbles. You hear the roars of the werewolves close behind you.


You see one sprinting to your side on all fours, it's claws and hind-legs sending it hurtling forward, galloping to your side. It stares at you, howling skyward, as you keep running. You raise the gun, firing off to the side as the werewolf leaps out of the way of the bullet.


You hear wet, heavy panting, less than a foot behind you. The castle is close. barely a few hundred feet away. If you get to it, you might be able to get inside and bar the door, or drop the portcullis and keep the werewolves away. Still, you can see the golden hum of torches at the edge of your peripheral, showing the village closest to the house.
> You take the detour through the village
"Come on, you shout," running towards the village.


Your hands push tree branches out of the way as you leave the path, almost tripping as your legs catch in the undergrowth, but manage to keep going. You stumble into the village, grabbing the corner of the house to steady yourself, as the werewolves charge into the village. Thankfully, a few peasants have been caught with their doors barely barricaded. The werewolves smash through hastily nailed planks and into the huts inside to devour a feast of flesh, bone, brains and organs. You hear horrified screams as the beasts get distracted and begin to tear apart the poor souls who have been left inside.


"Ah!" Mikhail screams, as one of the more focused hunters knocks him to the ground with its claw.


"Shit, Mikhail! Samuel, cover me!" Lucas says, skidding to a halt to help his brother.
> You help the twins
You grab the bolt of your rifle, pulling it back as you twist around and firing. The gun flies back in your hand as the recoil almost knocks you back as the werewolf takes the shot to its center mass, being knocked off Mikhail and letting out a high-pitched whimper as it quickly retreats back to the safety of the shadowy trees. Lucas grabs Mikhail. pulling him up to his feet as he joins you in running. As the werewolves are distracted with their prey, you continue sprinting towards the tower. 


Unfortunately, you see one of the werewolves stand in the center of the village. It's larger than the others, its fur white and its eyes red. It stares at you for a second, before it lets out a powerful, booming howl. The other werewolves emerge from the buildings, blood matting their fur and dripping from their claws. The Alpha Male drops to all fours and begins sprinting away towards you, followed by the others.


"Shit! Shit! Shit!" Lucas says, as you see the castle.


You sprint, the only noise being your heavy panting and the thudding of boots and clawed feet on the earth. You reach the castle, sprinting through the gates and past the carriages parked there. You see the portcullis' control wheel to your left, and the heavy wooden door to the keep to your right.
> You close the portcullis
You grab the wheel, freeing it of its latch and stepping back as the wheel frantically spins around. the portcullis smashing into the carriage in the middle of the gate. Although the carriage's roof is smashed, it prevents the portcullis from closing completely. The werewolves arrives, bursting under the gate and into the grounds. You frantically head to the door, before a massive bundle of flesh and fur smashes into you, shattering your bones. You painfully smash into the ground, looking up to see a massive, white werewolf sitting atop your broken body. It stares down at you, it's blood red eyes filled with an animalistic hunger, devoid of any sentience beyond that of the wolf it's body has morphed to imitate. 


You close your eyes. Thankfully, this beast doesn't like to play with its food, and finishes you quickly.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab the bolt of your rifle, pulling it back as you twist around and firing. The gun flies back in your hand as the recoil almost knocks you back as the werewolf takes the shot to its center mass, being knocked off Mikhail and letting out a high-pitched whimper as it quickly retreats back to the safety of the shadowy trees. Lucas grabs Mikhail. pulling him up to his feet as he joins you in running. As the werewolves are distracted with their prey, you continue sprinting towards the tower. 


Unfortunately, you see one of the werewolves stand in the center of the village. It's larger than the others, its fur white and its eyes red. It stares at you for a second, before it lets out a powerful, booming howl. The other werewolves emerge from the buildings, blood matting their fur and dripping from their claws. The Alpha Male drops to all fours and begins sprinting away towards you, followed by the others.


"Shit! Shit! Shit!" Lucas says, as you see the castle.


You sprint, the only noise being your heavy panting and the thudding of boots and clawed feet on the earth. You reach the castle, sprinting through the gates and past the carriages parked there. You see the portcullis' control wheel to your left, and the heavy wooden door to the keep to your right.
> You get inside the castle
You burst towards the wooden door, unlatching it and opening it so Lucas and Mikhail can topple in. You quickly close the door behind them, seeing the eyes of one of the beasts as as it desperately stares at you with the rage of a hungry and stuck lion. You lock the door as it's weight smashes into the hard wood with enough force to splinter it.


"There's not supposed to be that many! There's not that fucking many!" Lucas says.


"There must be every cursed wretch under the moon's gaze," you mutter.


Mikhail spits blood onto his chest.


"Christ..." he groans, as Lucas chuckles.


"Oh dear brother, Count Grey would tear your throat out if he heard you mutter that fucker's name here," Lucas smiles. "Samuel, help me. We need to get Mikhail to the medical bay."


"Can't you handle him? I need to go warn Count Grey and the viceroys," you say.


"Yes, sure," Lucas says, grabbing Mikhail and putting his arm over his shoulder.


He walks towards medical bay, as you quickly hurry up the stairs to the sacrificial chambers. You walk upstairs quickly, heading through the lounge. You reach the door to the sacrificial chambers, before pausing. You can hear whispered voices inside, almost drowned out by the roars of the werewolves outside. How has Count Grey not noticed the attack? Why is he still in the sacrificial chambers? You tilt your head forward, and you think you can make out the words if you try hard enough.
> You eavesdrop
You press your head against the wooden door, as you hear voices on the other side.


"You're nothing more than rotten curs fixed with mange!" Count Grey snarls.


"Why aren't we killing yet?" Draven asks. "We could run out pitiful master through and be done with it!"


"There will be thousands of Blood moons, millions of hunting nights, but there will only ever be one Count Grey. I want to... savor his death," Mihrab says.


"I'll skin you alive!" Count Grey howls.


"What about his servants?" Alexa asks.


"The crippled hunchback is no threat, Draven can hunt him down. The others will have been wiped out by the wulven," Mihrab commands.


"What ab...? Understood," Alexa says, seemingly confused.


"And the wulven?" Draven asks. "They're beasts with neither honor nor reason, nothing but instinct driving them forward. They can't be trusted."


"They are the most trustworthy beings in existence," Mihrab says. "I can trust that they're too stupid to think to attack us, their bellies driving them forward to feast on the villagers instead of making a move for power. I can predict they think themselves too important, even as pawns, to know we plan to hunt them down when they're mortals the next moonless night. Hell, normal mortals are infinitely less manipulative. The mixture of fear, loyalty, honor, greed and ambition that drives them makes them hard to predict, let alone manipulate successfully."


"You're going to die. You're going to suffer. I'll tear out your throat and fuck your bleeding neck stump, just like I should've when you were a pathetic mortal! I'll..." Count Grey threatens.


Count Grey's voice stops abruptly as you hear the slicing of flesh followed by a desperate wet gurgling. The gurgling lasts about a minute, which the vampires stay silent for. Finally, it stops.


"Goodbye, dear master," Mihrab says.


"Good. We're finished here. I'm going to find that miserable humpback and take his head. Perhaps I might gift his body to the peasants under my control. The children should enjoy looking at his misshapen body, poking and prodding at it."


You back step as you hear Draven begin moving, but he heads to the second door of the sacrificial chambers. Mihrab's steps follow him.


"I'll follow. I need to make sure the albino knows his place."


"The sound of footsteps fades as the pair leave. You breath out a sigh of relief. Suddenly, you find a dagger poking into your throat.


"Look what we have here," Viceroy Alexa says, as she appears from the shadows. She doesn't exactly step out of the shadows, instead the shadows manifest, forming into material as the vampire appears in front of you.


You take a deep breath, staring at her. She pushes the dagger against your neck, drawing blood that gently trickles down your neck. Her forked tongue darts forward and licks the blood as it runs down your neck, before she opens her mouth wide, her fangs pricking out. She gently scrapes her teeth along your neck, her breath as cold as a corpse, causing the hairs to stand on your neck.


"Look at you," she says in a half-purr, half-growl. "You outsmarted the wolves, or maybe just got lucky. Unexpected, but not surprising. How did you manage to eavesdrop?"


"I... I..." you stammer, reaching slowly for your gun.


Unsurprisingly, Draven was too focused on killing to notice you, but Mihrab should've noticed you. You're nothing special. I could hear your footsteps up the stairs, you leaning slightly on the door, your heavy breathing. I don't know how you didn't get noticed, let alone the girl."


Your hand wraps around the gun, as you slowly raise it to point at the monster's head.


"Maybe Mihrab is too old, too proud, too over-confident to expect much from humans, not thinking to even check for you as you weren't a risk. Perhaps he needs to be taken off his so new throne. I'll admit, I like you. You have... balls. Listening in on three powerful vampires, pledging yourself to old Count Grey, even trying to grab your gun when my fangs are less than an inch away from your throat..."


You grab your gun, raising it as your hand goes from the trigger. With the flat of her hand, Alexa slams it into your chest, knocking you against the wall as she grabs the gun from her hands.


"You're weak. Slow. Stupid. One of the qualms of being human, I suppose," Alexa says, examining your rifle. "Uh, how I miss being able to eat some warm bread, drink myself stupid on cheap beer and feel the warmth of the sun on my face. Thankfully, I'm still able to enjoy some other... base pleasures. I'm so close to slicing your vein open and feasting on your delicious blood..."


"Fuck you. Why don't you just kill me?" you spit.


"Kill you? Why would I do that? You'll either fail and be killed, in which case why would I expend energy to kill you, or you'll succeed, and kill Draven and Mihrab, both of who will underestimate how dangerous you'll be, in which case they needed to die. If you do happen to kill them, please, come find me. I'm sure I'd like to talk to you at that point."


Alexa steps back, smiling at you. She tosses the gun to the ground, where it clatters across the stone floor. She swirls around, walking away from you. She bursts forward, quickly speeding off. You let out a sigh of relief, grabbing your gun and picking it up.


Fucking hell. You have three vampires and a pack of werewolves to deal with. Could things get...? Actually, you'll refrain from tempting fate. 
> You search the Sacrificial Chambers
You walk into the sacrificial chambers. You walk over to Count Grey, who has a deep wound going through his chest and lies on the ground. You step over the blood-filled grooves of the floor, walking over to him. You drop to a knee, checking his pulse, before mentally hitting yourself for being so stupid. He's undead. You pull back his eyelids, revealing dull, lifeless black eyes. You quickly pat him down, finding only a curved ebony dagger and some Leu on him, which you take. You gently pat his cold head as a matter of respect, or perhaps more likely to comfort yourself. The terrifying menace who has controlled the region for over a thousand years is dead. He was your master, your mentor and your liege.


"Good fucking riddance. He was a cold, sociopathic cunt," you say aloud, a part of you still terrified to say it, somehow expecting him to wake up and tear out your throat.


You stand, looking around. There's the doorway to the lower floors, where you,,,


A girl charges out from your blind side, holding up a dagger.
> You shoot your gun
You quickly raise your gun, firing it. The gun bucks in your hands as the bullet tears through the air forward, blowing out the girl's heart. She collapses onto the ground, her head smacking into the cold stone and falling into the groove.


You stare at her face, recognizing Dasha, the sacrificial victim you kidnapped from earlier. Huh, she had survived. Must've gotten free of the chains. Did you even chain her up, or did you just leave her unconscious? Huh, doesn't matter. She's dead now.
> You keep searching the room
You keep looking through the room, finding several vials of blood sitting on a table off to the side. You open one of the table's drawers, before suddenly the door bursts open. Standing there, clad in armor with long, wild flowing black hair and a face contorted by rage and anger.


"Yes! I thought I heard a gunshot! I was hoping for the cripple, but a ghoul will do!" he snarls, approaching.


The vampire charges forward with remarkable speed. You raise your gun quickly, firing. The bullet thuds into Draven's chest, but it fails to even slightly slow him down. He swings the sword, slicing through your muscle and sinew and separating your head from your body. His lips immediately wrap around your gaping neck hole as he drains you of your blood, your head falling to the ground.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You quickly raise your gun, firing it. The gun bucks in your hands as the bullet tears through the air forward, blowing out the girl's heart. She collapses onto the ground, her head smacking into the cold stone and falling into the groove.


You stare at her face, recognizing Dasha, the sacrificial victim you kidnapped from earlier. Huh, she had survived. Must've gotten free of the chains. Did you even chain her up, or did you just leave her unconscious? Huh, doesn't matter. She's dead now.
> You head to the lower floors
You walk towards the door to the lower floors, unclicking the latch. Before you can pull it open, something slams into it, sending you flying across the ground and onto your ass with a painful thud. Standing there, clad in armor with long, wild flowing black hair and a face contorted by rage and anger.


"Yes! I thought I heard a gunshot! I was hoping for the cripple, but a ghoul will do!" he snarls, approaching.


The vampire charges forward with remarkable speed. You raise your gun quickly, firing. The bullet thuds into Draven's chest, but it fails to even slightly slow him down. He swings the sword as he leaps upon you, slicing through your muscle and sinew and separating your head from your body. His lips immediately wrap around your gaping neck hole as he drains you of your blood, your head rolling to the ground.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk into the sacrificial chambers. You walk over to Count Grey, who has a deep wound going through his chest and lies on the ground. You step over the blood-filled grooves of the floor, walking over to him. You drop to a knee, checking his pulse, before mentally hitting yourself for being so stupid. He's undead. You pull back his eyelids, revealing dull, lifeless black eyes. You quickly pat him down, finding only a curved ebony dagger and some Leu on him, which you take. You gently pat his cold head as a matter of respect, or perhaps more likely to comfort yourself. The terrifying menace who has controlled the region for over a thousand years is dead. He was your master, your mentor and your liege.


"Good fucking riddance. He was a cold, sociopathic cunt," you say aloud, a part of you still terrified to say it, somehow expecting him to wake up and tear out your throat.


You stand, looking around. There's the doorway to the lower floors, where you,,,


A girl charges out from your blind side, holding up a dagger.
> You strike her with the butt of your gun
You swing the butt of your gun, cracking into the side of her face and knocking her to the ground with a grunt. The knife goes clattering, and you dart forward, grabbing the knife and raising your rifle to point at her.


"Who the fuck are you?"


The girl stares at you with anger, blood running down her face from the newly opened cut on her forehead. You recognize her as Dasha, the sacrificial victim from earlier. Huh, apparently she survived. Interesting.


"Hands in the air!" you say, pointing the gun at her head.


She slowly raises her hands, spitting blood and a tooth on the ground. Apparently, you swung harder than you thought. 


"Fuck you!" she says.


"You need to listen to me," you say.


The girl swings at your head, but you catch her fist. She spits in your face, which you wince at.
> You headbutt her
You swing your head forward, your forehead smashing into the bridge of her nose and knocking her head back as she yells in pain.


"Listen!" you say loudly, losing your patience. "Did you see those fucking vampires!?"


The girl stares at you, still defiant, but quiet.


"If we want to get out of this, we need to work together. I don't care how much you hate me for doing what I did to you, but we need to."


"You work for the vampires," she says.


"I work for that one," you say, nodding towards Count Grey. "The others killed him, and now they want to kill me... and you. We're on the same side here, understood?"


The girl pauses, before slowly nodding. 


"If I let you up, you won't try anything?" you ask.


"Give me my knife," she replies.


"I can't trust you," you say.


"I can't trust you either," she says.


You sigh, before handing the knife back. She grabs it from your, staring at her reflection in the blade for a brief moment, looking as if contemplating attacks, before looking at you.


"What's the plan?" she asks.


"I don't know. We need to... Haygarth," you say. "We need to find him. He should be in the stables. He knows this place better than anyone. He'll have keys, know secret tunnels, know everything."


"Let's go, then," Dasha says.
> You head to the stables
You walk along the hallways towards the stable, your gun clenched tightly in your hands. You consider pushing Dasha ahead of you so anything that attacks has to cut through her first, but that's not the right thing to do. It's better to keep her behind you, in case a creature attacks from behind, and you can fight off whoever attacks from the front with your rifle. You walk past the rows of unlit torches that cover the walls, wishing they were lit. You aim your gun ahead, sweeping the barrel to check the corners for any hidden beasts that could be hidden away there.


"We need to hurry up, h.." Dasha says.


Suddenly, one of the windows several meters above you shatters as the upper half of a body smashes through it. It hits the wall with a wet thud, collapsing to the ground. Dasha screams as you desperately back pedal to avoid it.


"Fuck me!" you say. "The villagers must be having a bad night."


"Oh god," Dasha says.


You hear a terrified scream outside. It sounds female, and young. Very young.


"Help! Help! Mama!" a voice screams from outside.


"We need to help her!" Dasha says, a look of panic flooding through her.


"Do you want to fight the Wulven?" you ask. "I'm not."


You try to appear tough as Dasha stares you down, before looking away. You hear a high-pitched scream,  before the crunching of bone and flesh.


"It's done. Let's go," you say.


"The village is down the road! Why the fuck would they bring the villagers here to kill them?" Dasha says.


"Break our morale, or act as bait, maybe. They're intelligent, for abominable beasts. Now, let's move on."


You continue walking forward, reaching a wooden door. You press up against it, waiting. "Here it it."


"This is the door to the stables," you whisper. "You ready?"


"Ready. I'll follow your lead."
> You head in
You take a deep breath, bashing open the door with your shoulder, raising your rifle. Draven stands there, a sword in his hands and a grin on his face as he stands over a heavily injured Haygarth, who has been stripped naked and is covered in bruising and cuts.


"Don't you know how, freak? I said do it!" Draven shouts.


He swings his blade and smacks Haygarth in the side of the head with the flat of his blade, knocking Haygarth to the floor.


"Dance!" Draven laughs, before his eyes flicker to you. "Look who it is! One of Grey's ghouls and... I've no fucking idea who you are, but you look like a bleeder!"


Haygarth lets out a terrified yell as you aim your rifle, as Draven lets out a roar, sprinting towards you with insane speed, even faster than you've seen Count Grey sprint.
> You shoot Draven
You fire your rifle, the bullet slamming into Draven, although even with all the stopping power that causes the gun to buck violently in your hands, but Draven doesn't even slow down. You grab the rifle to pull back and release the shell, before Draven's upon you. He thrusts his sword forward, running it through your chest. Your heart is destroyed as you yell in pain, before his head darts forward and his fangs sink into your neck.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You take a deep breath, bashing open the door with your shoulder, raising your rifle. Draven stands there, a sword in his hands and a grin on his face as he stands over a heavily injured Haygarth, who has been stripped naked and is covered in bruising and cuts.


"Don't you know how, freak? I said do it!" Draven shouts.


He swings his blade and smacks Haygarth in the side of the head with the flat of his blade, knocking Haygarth to the floor.


"Dance!" Draven laughs, before his eyes flicker to you. "Look who it is! One of Grey's ghouls and... I've no fucking idea who you are, but you look like a bleeder!"


Haygarth lets out a terrified yell as you aim your rifle, as Draven lets out a roar, sprinting towards you with insane speed, even faster than you've seen Count Grey sprint.
> You roll out of the way
You dive out of the way, as Draven flies just past you, swinging his sword. His sword slices into the back of your neck, not enough to seriously wound but enough to hurt like a bitch. He slams into the door behind you, grunting as he spins around. He wipes the blood from his broken nose as he stares at the two of you, before letting out a horrible laugh.


"Got too excited there, didn't I? Ha!" he smiles, twirling the sword around in his hands.


You look around desperately, for something, ANYTHING in the room to help you out. Dasha is just as in the cross-hairs as you are, and seems terrified. Haygarth is hiding behind a counter, unfocused and not thinking. Most of the horses are dead, having had their heads cleaved clean off. Still, there's three or four in the farther stables. There's two large, oil-filled lamps illuminating the hallways that could be used. Fire has a history of being effective with monsters. Finally, there's the old full lead solution. If you just duck, weave and fill the air with as much lead, or in this case silver, as possible to take out the vampire bastard, although silver bullets are more of a werewolf-killer. 
> You get to the horses
You sprint towards the horses, your rifle held tightly in your hands as you run towards them. Draven charges ahead with a howl, kicking your leg away as you collapse onto the ground, laughing.


"Look at you try to run! Where are you trying to run to, little one?" he asks, before his eyes flicker to Dasha who goes for the door.


Draven runs ahead with an animalistic howl, slamming her into the door. He presses the sword to her throat, before throwing into the air and catching it once more.


"Ohh... this is everything! Savor the hunt!" he says. "Go! Try escape again! Or are you in a fighting mood?"
> You try for the horses again
You sprint towards the horses once more, as Draven pauses, raising an eyebrow as he strolls after you. You reach the horses, as Draven walks towards you. You unclasp the gate as the horses stand there. 


"What... what was your plan?" he asks, looking genuinely confused. "Were you hoping to have the horses stampede me? Were you planning on riding one to safety?"


Draven twirls his sword, running it through you. You grunt in pain, blood dripping out your mouth as you collapse to your knees.


"I've had my fun. Goodnight, ghoul," he says.


You collapse forward onto your stomach, running the sword even further into you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sprint towards the horses, your rifle held tightly in your hands as you run towards them. Draven charges ahead with a howl, kicking your leg away as you collapse onto the ground, laughing.


"Look at you try to run! Where are you trying to run to, little one?" he asks, before his eyes flicker to Dasha who goes for the door.


Draven runs ahead with an animalistic howl, slamming her into the door. He presses the sword to her throat, before throwing into the air and catching it once more.


"Ohh... this is everything! Savor the hunt!" he says. "Go! Try escape again! Or are you in a fighting mood?"
> You try for the lamp
You run towards the lamp, as Draven smiles.


"Running for the door now, are we?" he asks, mistaking your attempt to grab the lamp as an attempt to flee.


Draven yells and charges forward. He swings his sword as you run for the lamp, and the next thing you know, you feel the cold bite of steel on your neck. Your head flies through the air, and your body collapses to the straw-covered floor.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sprint towards the horses, your rifle held tightly in your hands as you run towards them. Draven charges ahead with a howl, kicking your leg away as you collapse onto the ground, laughing.


"Look at you try to run! Where are you trying to run to, little one?" he asks, before his eyes flicker to Dasha who goes for the door.


Draven runs ahead with an animalistic howl, slamming her into the door. He presses the sword to her throat, before throwing into the air and catching it once more.


"Ohh... this is everything! Savor the hunt!" he says. "Go! Try escape again! Or are you in a fighting mood?"
> You fire!
You raise your gun and fire. Draven takes a shot to the shoulder, before side-stepping your next. He doesn't even attempt to charge, just grins. You keep firing, as he dodges the bullets with unnatural ease, even the lucky shots not even throwing him, and they only manage to graze or hit his central mass, which fails to even knock him back. You aim your rifle at Draven's head, as he gently taps his finger against it.


"Come on, boy!" he says, laughing. "Take the shot! I'm enjoying this! I won't even move this time!"


You peer down the sights, taking a deep breath, and you pull the trigger.


It's empty.


"Can't even c...?" Draven laughs, before grunting. 


Draven steps forward, before collapsing onto his stomach. A knife is imbedded in the back of his heart, directly where his heart it. He groans, spluttering blood, before lying still. Dasha stands behind him, a fierce look on her face.


"They die easier than they did in my childhood nightmares," she says. "What now?"
> You talk to Haygarth
“Haygarth, what happened?”


“He came for my head! Yelled at me and made me dance and work for him, the little cunt!” Haygarth says.


“We need to get out of here. There…”


“Is… is Count Grey truly dead?”


“Yes,” you reply.


“I never thought I’d see the day,” Haygarth says. “And the rest of what the vampire knight said was true? Vampires and werewolves have taken the castle?”


 “The area’s fucked, werewolves had surrounded the castle, the there’s still two other incredibly hostile vampires here.”


“Where is Masters Lucas and Mikhail?”


“They’re in the medical bay. We don’t need to think about them. We need to think about escape. They’re fine.”


“Haygarth, is it? Dasha asks. “


“Yes,” Haygarth says, frowning. “You’re one of the sacrifices.”


“I have a name. It’s Dasha.”


“So be it,” Haygarth says.


“Are there any secret passages that could get us out of here?” Dasha asks. 


“No, we wouldn’t have anything like that. The main gate’s the only way out, unless you’re willing to dive off the wall and pray your legs are all that ends up broken. Count Grey has become too paranoid, always thinking a Vampire Hunter would find there way in.” 


"So what can we do?" you ask.


"The coach," Haygarth says. "We need to get out of here. We board it up heavily, and just make a run for it."


"It's suicide!" you say.


"Is it the only option?" Dasha asks.


"Yes," Haygarth says.


"There's werewolves out there! They'll easily wipe us out," you say.


"We need to leave soon, before the werewolves find a way inside or the other two vampires find us. Are you willing to come?" Haygarth asks.
> You agree
"Fine. I'm in."


"You must go find Mikhail and Lucas in the medical bay."


"Do you expect him to traverse this castle, no doubt being found out by the vampires, whilst we're forced to wait here?" Dasha asks. "We need to go."
> You leave without them
"We need to go, now. They're probably already dead," you say.


"Yes, sir," Haygarth says. "We must prepare the coach."


Over the next few minutes, you board up whatever scrap wood you can over the carriage windows. Soon, you have what amounts to a massive, armored wooden box.


"You can fire out the slits, to protect the horses. Hopefully, they'll be fast enough to escape the beasts' claws."


Dasha climbs into the coach as Haygarth positions the reigns through the coach itself, so that he can control the horses without exposing himself.


"Make as much noise as possible, to draw the werewolf's attention to us instead of the horses," Haygarth says, as he climbs in the coach. "Now, open the stable doors."


You take a deep breath, unlatching the stable doors. You give them a hefty push open, as Haygarth yells at the horses to go. You run forward, grabbing onto the back of the coach and pulling yourself inside as Haygarth grabs the door and slams it shut behind you. You raise your rifle, pressing it to a firing shot and looking outside. The wolves are outside, as they prowl about the walls and the courtyard like a bad rabble, fighting over the bodies, both dead and living, of peasants, as well as searching for a way in. The big, albino one notices you, and lets out a loud, powerful howl, and the wolves charge.
> You target the albino
You aim your rifle, firing at the albino. The bullets slam into the albino as it roars in pain, before the nearing werewolves slam into your coach. Their massive, muscled frames slam through the wooden coach, knocking you against the other coach. A claw comes through the wall, grabbing you and tossing you against the ground, shattering your bones. You let out a pained scream, before the wolves are upon you, eagerly tearing you apart.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"We need to go, now. They're probably already dead," you say.


"Yes, sir," Haygarth says. "We must prepare the coach."


Over the next few minutes, you board up whatever scrap wood you can over the carriage windows. Soon, you have what amounts to a massive, armored wooden box.


"You can fire out the slits, to protect the horses. Hopefully, they'll be fast enough to escape the beasts' claws."


Dasha climbs into the coach as Haygarth positions the reigns through the coach itself, so that he can control the horses without exposing himself.


"Make as much noise as possible, to draw the werewolf's attention to us instead of the horses," Haygarth says, as he climbs in the coach. "Now, open the stable doors."


You take a deep breath, unlatching the stable doors. You give them a hefty push open, as Haygarth yells at the horses to go. You run forward, grabbing onto the back of the coach and pulling yourself inside as Haygarth grabs the door and slams it shut behind you. You raise your rifle, pressing it to a firing shot and looking outside. The wolves are outside, as they prowl about the walls and the courtyard like a bad rabble, fighting over the bodies, both dead and living, of peasants, as well as searching for a way in. The big, albino one notices you, and lets out a loud, powerful howl, and the wolves charge.
> You target the nearing werewolves
You target the nearing werewolves, firing bullet after bullet. The silver bullets slam into the beasts as they howl, many collapsing and falling away. You keep them away from the coach, but not the horses. As you just make it past the castle gates and smashing past the viceroy's coach, the werewolves tear the horses apart as they neigh and whiny in terror as they're devoured by the eager wolves. You coach quickly slows down, slamming into a tree and stopping suddenly.


"Shit!" Dasha yells.


Shit. You need to act.
> You get out and run towards the nearest village
"Run!" you yell, kicking open the carriage door and leaping outside into the forest. 


You sprint forward, as the werewolves reach the carriage. You hear Haygarth, simply too slow to flee, scream in pain. You keep running, before you feel your back breaking as the werewolf's claw smashed into your hack, the knife-like claws cutting through your leather duster and slashing through your flesh. You roll to the ground with a scream, as the werewolf leaps onto you, it's weight crushing you. It's wet saliva dripping onto your face, it howls at the moon in an act of triumph, before it lunges forward, biting deep into your throat.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You target the nearing werewolves, firing bullet after bullet. The silver bullets slam into the beasts as they howl, many collapsing and falling away. You keep them away from the coach, but not the horses. As you just make it past the castle gates and smashing past the viceroy's coach, the werewolves tear the horses apart as they neigh and whiny in terror as they're devoured by the eager wolves. You coach quickly slows down, slamming into a tree and stopping suddenly.


"Shit!" Dasha yells.


Shit. You need to act.
> You defend the coach
You aim your rifle, firing repeatedly. You fire at the werewolves from the slit, bullets slamming into the fur-covered beasts. A claw slams into the coach, breaking through the side, its claws slashing at the air as you back step to avoid it. A claw tears a massive panel of wood off the side of the coach and you shove the barrel through the firing slit, firing at the creature's black, beady eyes. A claw smashes through the coach, grabbing you as it tears you from the coach, gripping you tightly. You're held in the air staring into the black eyes of the Alpha Werewolf, as it growls. The gun flies from your hands as you desperately reach for it, before the claw tightens, crushing your limbs. The werewolf's huge, tooth-filled jaws fly forward, its teeth grabbing into your throat and tearing it out, before it flings your bleeding body into a tree, killing you instantly.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Fine. I'm in."


"You must go find Mikhail and Lucas in the medical bay."


"Do you expect him to traverse this castle, no doubt being found out by the vampires, whilst we're forced to wait here?" Dasha asks. "We need to go."
> You go find the Twins
"I'll find Lucas. You two stay here and prepare the coach, understood?" you say.


"Yes, sir," Haygarth says, as Dasha nods.


You turn, opening the doorway to the stables and entering the hallway. You take a breath, holding your rifle, and walking slowly along the hallways. You step slowly forward, looking along the dark, shadowy corridor. You feel a breath of cold air on your deck, quickly spinning to aim your rifle, only to find yourself staring at a shadow-filled corner. You turn, walking ahead again. You keep walking forward, as the figures in the paintings along the wall stare down at you, their eyes seemingly following you. You see a figure, writhed in a black cloak and shadows, leaning in an alcove. You quickly raise your gun and fire, but your bullet only slams into the stone alcove. You swear, grabbing the bolt and pulling it back. Suddenly, a gloved hand grabs you by the shoulder as a pair of sharp fangs prick into your neck, gently pressing into your neck. You pause, as their hand moves forward and grabs your rifle, which you allow them to take. The fangs pull away, breathing freezing cold air on the back of your neck.


"Still here, huh?" Alexa asks. "I thought you were trying to escape, or at least kill Mihrab. From where you're going, it doesn't seem likely."


"I'm getting my friends and getting out of here."


"Optimistic," she says. "If you're not going to kill Mihrab for me, I might as well kill you," she says.


You flinch and yelp as her lips close around your lips, before she laughs.


"Ha! I like you, ghoul. You're going to die tonight, that's for sure, but I won't be the one killing you. Mihrab's busy, you can speed up a bit."


She releases you, dropping the gun on the ground. You grab it quickly, stepping forward and spinning around to aim, only to be faced with shadows once more.


"Fuck," you say.


You turn, rushing along the halls. You open the door, pulling it open and walking inside the next room, the lounge. You quickly pass through, heading into the medical bay. He door is locked, so you quickly knock on it. You hear the door click unlocked as the door swings open, and someone grabs your arm, throwing you inside and onto the floor. You roll over as you stare at the barrel of a gun, looking up as Lucas aims his rifle at you.


"Shit, what happened you?" Lucas asks, grabbing you by the hand and pulling you to your feet.


"Count Grey is dead. The Viceroys betrayed him," you say. 


"Yeah, I suspected as much," Lucas admits. "We need to get the hell out of here. We have to find Haygarth."


"He's in the stables with the girl. We're preparing the coach to escape.


"The girl?" Lucas asks, frowning in confusion.


"One of the girls we were going to sacrifice," you say. 


"Why didn't you kill her?" Lucas asks.


"We need all the help we can get," you reply.


"Fine," Lucas says. "Help me shift Mikhail."


You look behind him, where Mikhail lies, heavily bandaged, in the medical bay's bed. He's unconscious, but moves his head slightly and groans upon hearing his name. You walk over, slinging your rifle over your back and grabbing Mikhail's left arm. You pull him up, as Lucas grabs his other arm, supporting him as he stands.


"What is going on?" Mikhail mumbles.


"We're getting out of here."


"Let me stand, I can walk," Mikhail says, gently pushing at you.
> You let him walk
You let go of your grips on Lucas, as he immediately collapses face first on the ground.


"Idiot," Lucas sighs, as you both lean over, grabbing him again.


You continue walking, heading into the lounge, as Lucas pauses.


"Put him down for a second," he says.


He walks over to the lounge's bar, and begins grabbing several bottles, several boxes of matches, an oil lamp and more. He works for about a minute, before ending with with four bottles of oil and alcohol on the table topped with rags


"What the fuck are those?" you ask.


"Bombs. Light the rag, toss it, burn the monster," Lucas says. "Take two."


You grab two, sliding into your leather duster's pockets, before grabbing a box of matches.


"Alright, let's continue."


You keep half-dragging, half-walking Mikhail towards the stables, before you finally arrive. You kick open the doors, as you all stumble inside, closing and locking the door behind you. 


"You're here. Good," Haygarth says. "We're ready to go."
> You help Mikhail into the coach
You help Mikhail clamber up into the coach, before turning to Haygarth.


"You can fire out the slits, to protect the horses. Hopefully, they'll be fast enough to escape the beasts' claws."


Dasha climbs into the coach as Haygarth positions the reigns through the coach itself, so that he can control the horses without exposing himself.


"Make as much noise as possible, to draw the werewolf's attention to us instead of the horses," Haygarth says, as he climbs in the coach, followed by Lucas. "Now, open the stable doors."


You take a deep breath, unlatching the stable doors. You give them a hefty push open, as Haygarth yells at the horses to go. You run forward, grabbing onto the back of the coach and pulling yourself inside as Lucas grabs the door and slams it shut behind you. You raise your rifle, pressing it to a firing shot and looking outside. The wolves are outside, as they prowl about the walls and the courtyard like a bad rabble, fighting over the bodies, both dead and living, of peasants, as well as searching for a way in. The big, albino one notices you, and lets out a loud, powerful howl, and the wolves charge.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I'll find Lucas. You two stay here and prepare the coach, understood?" you say.


"Yes, sir," Haygarth says, as Dasha nods.


You turn, opening the doorway to the stables and entering the hallway. You take a breath, holding your rifle, and walking slowly along the hallways. You step slowly forward, looking along the dark, shadowy corridor. You feel a breath of cold air on your deck, quickly spinning to aim your rifle, only to find yourself staring at a shadow-filled corner. You turn, walking ahead again. You keep walking forward, as the figures in the paintings along the wall stare down at you, their eyes seemingly following you. You see a figure, writhed in a black cloak and shadows, leaning in an alcove. You quickly raise your gun and fire, but your bullet only slams into the stone alcove. You swear, grabbing the bolt and pulling it back. Suddenly, a gloved hand grabs you by the shoulder as a pair of sharp fangs prick into your neck, gently pressing into your neck. You pause, as their hand moves forward and grabs your rifle, which you allow them to take. The fangs pull away, breathing freezing cold air on the back of your neck.


"Still here, huh?" Alexa asks. "I thought you were trying to escape, or at least kill Mihrab. From where you're going, it doesn't seem likely."


"I'm getting my friends and getting out of here."


"Optimistic," she says. "If you're not going to kill Mihrab for me, I might as well kill you," she says.


You flinch and yelp as her lips close around your lips, before she laughs.


"Ha! I like you, ghoul. You're going to die tonight, that's for sure, but I won't be the one killing you. Mihrab's busy, you can speed up a bit."


She releases you, dropping the gun on the ground. You grab it quickly, stepping forward and spinning around to aim, only to be faced with shadows once more.


"Fuck," you say.


You turn, rushing along the halls. You open the door, pulling it open and walking inside the next room, the lounge. You quickly pass through, heading into the medical bay. He door is locked, so you quickly knock on it. You hear the door click unlocked as the door swings open, and someone grabs your arm, throwing you inside and onto the floor. You roll over as you stare at the barrel of a gun, looking up as Lucas aims his rifle at you.


"Shit, what happened you?" Lucas asks, grabbing you by the hand and pulling you to your feet.


"Count Grey is dead. The Viceroys betrayed him," you say. 


"Yeah, I suspected as much," Lucas admits. "We need to get the hell out of here. We have to find Haygarth."


"He's in the stables with the girl. We're preparing the coach to escape.


"The girl?" Lucas asks, frowning in confusion.


"One of the girls we were going to sacrifice," you say. 


"Why didn't you kill her?" Lucas asks.


"We need all the help we can get," you reply.


"Fine," Lucas says. "Help me shift Mikhail."


You look behind him, where Mikhail lies, heavily bandaged, in the medical bay's bed. He's unconscious, but moves his head slightly and groans upon hearing his name. You walk over, slinging your rifle over your back and grabbing Mikhail's left arm. You pull him up, as Lucas grabs his other arm, supporting him as he stands.


"What is going on?" Mikhail mumbles.


"We're getting out of here."


"Let me stand, I can walk," Mikhail says, gently pushing at you.
> You continue carrying him
"No, brother, you can't walk," Lucas smiles, continuing walking.


You continue walking, heading into the lounge, as Lucas pauses.


"Put him down for a second," he says.


He walks over to the lounge's bar, and begins grabbing several bottles, several boxes of matches, an oil lamp and more. He works for about a minute, before ending with with four bottles of oil and alcohol on the table topped with rags


"What the fuck are those?" you ask.


"Bombs. Light the rag, toss it, burn the monster," Lucas says. "Take two."


You grab two, sliding into your leather duster's pockets, before grabbing a box of matches.


"Alright, let's continue."


You keep half-dragging, half-walking Mikhail towards the stables, before you finally arrive. You kick open the doors, as you all stumble inside, closing and locking the door behind you. 


"You're here. Good," Haygarth says. "We're ready to go."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Haygarth, what happened?”


“He came for my head! Yelled at me and made me dance and work for him, the little cunt!” Haygarth says.


“We need to get out of here. There…”


“Is… is Count Grey truly dead?”


“Yes,” you reply.


“I never thought I’d see the day,” Haygarth says. “And the rest of what the vampire knight said was true? Vampires and werewolves have taken the castle?”


 “The area’s fucked, werewolves had surrounded the castle, the there’s still two other incredibly hostile vampires here.”


“Where is Masters Lucas and Mikhail?”


“They’re in the medical bay. We don’t need to think about them. We need to think about escape. They’re fine.”


“Haygarth, is it? Dasha asks. “


“Yes,” Haygarth says, frowning. “You’re one of the sacrifices.”


“I have a name. It’s Dasha.”


“So be it,” Haygarth says.


“Are there any secret passages that could get us out of here?” Dasha asks. 


“No, we wouldn’t have anything like that. The main gate’s the only way out, unless you’re willing to dive off the wall and pray your legs are all that ends up broken. Count Grey has become too paranoid, always thinking a Vampire Hunter would find there way in.” 


"So what can we do?" you ask.


"The coach," Haygarth says. "We need to get out of here. We board it up heavily, and just make a run for it."


"It's suicide!" you say.


"Is it the only option?" Dasha asks.


"Yes," Haygarth says.


"There's werewolves out there! They'll easily wipe us out," you say.


"We need to leave soon, before the werewolves find a way inside or the other two vampires find us. Are you willing to come?" Haygarth asks.
> You refuse
"I'm not going!" you say.


"So be it," Haygarth says. "If you're not leaving the castle, we need your help."


"What?" you ask. 


"You need to ring the castle's alarm bell at the North-East tower. If you can ring that, you can distract the werewolves and draw them towards the North-Eastern area, so we have a chance."


"Fuck, fine. I'll get it done," you say.


"Thank you, thank you!" Haygarth says. "I must find the Twins, if they're still alive. I'll be sure to be back before you can make the journey to the bell."


"Fan-fucking-tastic," you say. "Best of luck, Haygarth. I hope we meet on the other side."


"Same to you, Samuel."


You turn, walking away from the room. You enter the hallways again, and move quickly. You can hear the roars of the beasts outside, and you wince as you hear the scraping of sharp claws on the stones outside. You take a deep breath of air, trying not to let terror cloud your judgment. Suddenly, you pause. You see the massive, wretched body of a werewolf slowly move forward through the hallway, heading perpendicular to you. Tufts of black fur cover its body, as its deformed snout looks like a pale imitation of a true wolf's, this one looking like a poor soul has had her face bashed in to create the appearance of one. It creeps along the hallways, sniffing the air.


You step back slowly, taking a sharp breath. You shouldn't be surprised that they've got in. The doors are thick, reinforced with steel and silver alike, but the werewolves were bound to get in some time. Not if the portcullis had been closed, but once they entered the courtyard, they were bound to get in. 


The beast shakes its head violently as if spasming, before sniffing the air once more. It lets out a growl, and you know it's caught your scent. There's a rotten chifferobe to your side that you could foreseeably hide in. There's also the silver-loaded gun in your hands, if you want to take it more bluntly, as well as the silver dagger you have hidden in your boot. for a quiet tactic.
> You hide
You grab the chifferobe, opening it and stepping inside. You close the door, quieting your breathing as you wait. You hear the loud, clawed footsteps of the beast towards you, as you wait patiently for it to pass by. This is a beast, lacking all the stealth of the true wolf, or even its stronger Wulven kin. Still, it has the nose of one, which soon becomes apparent as its wet sniffling leans to it pausing outside your room. You wait slowly, holding your breath, for the wolf to pass. It doesn't seem to know you're there... yet. 
> You strike
You smash open the door, smacking the wooden door and hitting the werewolf in the head. You grab the werewolf. You stab the werewolf in the throat as you knock its snouth upwards, impaling its jaw. Blood spurts out, running down its jaw as the werewolf lets out a pitiful whimper, before collapsing on the ground.


Well, you dispatched it. Quietly, as well. Not bad. Time to continue, though.
> You continue to the North-East corner
You continue moving along the hallways, but thankfully wherever the werewolf's entry point is, it's not close enough to you to have an issue. You don't know where Alexa or Mihrab are, but they're not here, so that's enough. Soon, you find yourself climbing the tight, spiraling staircase towards the bell tower. You push open the wooden door once you reach the top, and find yourself faced with a massive, cast iron bell. You look out at the courtyard from the lookout of the bell tower at the dozens of fur-covered beasts scattered around the area. Shit, there's more than you thought.


You take a deep breath, leaning your head against the bell, taking a deep breath. The walk was fairly long, and the werewolf took some of your time. If Haygarth's still alive, he's back at the coach. You grab the bell pull, before pulling it down as hard as you can. The bell clangs loudly as you put your hand over your ears. The werewolves began to panic and howl, instantly growing frantic and charging towards the doors of the castle. You wait a moment, staring out at the courtyard, before you see the coach burst free from the castle and smashing towards the gates. The Coach smashes the Viceroy's coach out of the way, as it flies on past the trees towards the nearby village. Well, they've escaped. Lucky bastards. 


You turn, and begin walking down the stairs, before seeing the tanned skin and black cloak of Viceroy Mihrab.


"You're still alive, are you?" he asks. "I had thought one of the stupider werewolves had gotten inside and smacked its head into the bell by accident. It's an interesting choice to ring it for whatever reason you have."


Mihrab walks slowly towards you, as you back up, slipping on the staircase. You quickly crawl your way up the stairs and get to the bell once more, looking down as he approaches you slowly with cool indifference.


"You've taken me away from my work. At least you'll provide a refreshing meal."


You hold your rifle out, aiming. You look over the edge of the bell tower. You could jump, bouncing off one of the tiled roofs and into the courtyard. The werewolves are inside, so you might be able to escape. Your other, as shitty option, is fighting.
> You jump
You sigh, looking out at the tiled roof. A long drop to that and then into the courtyard, then you can leg it out of there. If the first fall doesn't break your bones. Or the werewolves here you and tear you apart. You climb over the bell tower wall, and jump. There's a brief second of the air rushing as your fall, adrenaline rushing into you. Then, you hit the tiled roof. Pain surges through your as you yell in pain.


Unfortunately, you don't smack into it and roll off into the courtyard. Instead, you just go straight through the tiled roof. You smash through, into the room beneath you. The world goes dark and hazy, as you lie there atop the broken tiles in desperate pain. You groan, taking a deep breath. You need to get moving. Otherwise, the werewolves will find you, if not Mihrab.


You grab the side of the table, slowly pulling yourself up. You put weight on your legs, and grunt in pain. It hurts like a bitch, but they're not broken. You're able to walk. You stand, taking a deep breath, and stumble forward. You're not going to be able fight Mihrab like this, and you highly doubt your chances of being able to leg it back to the nearest village. You need to think.


You could head to the castle armory. There's a large amount of explosives there, as well as other fun and interesting weapons that could be turned to wiping out the werewolves and killing Mihrab as well.


You could head to Count Grey's personal chambers. Knowing how paranoid and prepared he was, you have no doubt that the place is insanely secured and prepared for a situation like this. It's too late for him to use it, but you still might.


There's also the chance of negotiation. You could talk to Mihrab, and attempt to convince him to spare you. Through offering up Count Grey's secrets and perhaps even offering your services in the future, he can be convinced to spare you, and even have you join him. 


If you're feeling courageous, you could attempt to negotiate with the werewolves. Whilst they're beasts, they still do have human souls and consciousnesses. They can probably negotiate. If you find the Alpha, you can most likely negotiate with it.
> You head to the armory
You grab your gun from the broken tiles, and stumble forward. You hear a howl resonate down the halls. You sigh as you realize they're getting louder. You luck at a nearby door along the hallway, before looking at the gun in your hands.
> You fight
You raise your gun and take a deep breath, before you see the werewolf coming towards you. Unlike the one you killed earlier, this one is tall, stronger and muscular, covered with brown, blood-stained fur. It snarls as it spots you, bounding towards you. You fire your gun as the werewolf roars in pain, your silver bullet slicing through the werewolf's hind leg. It slides along the hall before stumbling forward and smashing into you. Its claws and fangs tear through you, sending spurts of blood and tearing through your flesh. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab your gun from the broken tiles, and stumble forward. You hear a howl resonate down the halls. You sigh as you realize they're getting louder. You luck at a nearby door along the hallway, before looking at the gun in your hands.
> You hide
You grab at the nearest door and open it, finding yourself in a bathroom. You shut the door and press up against it, waiting. You hear the snarls pass the door, and begin counting. When you reach twenty, you listen again, before opening the door and continuing along. It only takes a few minutes before you arrive at the oak doors of armory. You open the doors, moving quickly inside. There's a row of rifles leaning against the walls, a crate of pistols, a large machine gun atop a crate of ammunitions and an entire box of dynamite. It seems like you're fairly set to do some serious ki...


You hear a howl, and turn to look out the door at the approaching Alpha that charges towards you. It's white fur is dripping with flesh blood, and you can see pieces of flesh stuck in its teeth.
> You run
You turn and run, hearing it desperately chase after you. The footsteps get closer and closer, before you feel your back breaking as the werewolf's claw smashed into your hack, the knife-like claws cutting through your leather duster and slashing through your flesh. You roll to the ground with a scream, as the werewolf leaps onto you, it's weight crushing you. It's wet saliva dripping onto your face, it roars at you, before it lunges forward, biting deep into your throat.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab at the nearest door and open it, finding yourself in a bathroom. You shut the door and press up against it, waiting. You hear the snarls pass the door, and begin counting. When you reach twenty, you listen again, before opening the door and continuing along. It only takes a few minutes before you arrive at the oak doors of armory. You open the doors, moving quickly inside. There's a row of rifles leaning against the walls, a crate of pistols, a large machine gun atop a crate of ammunitions and an entire box of dynamite. It seems like you're fairly set to do some serious ki...


You hear a howl, and turn to look out the door at the approaching Alpha that charges towards you. It's white fur is dripping with flesh blood, and you can see pieces of flesh stuck in its teeth.
> You lock the armory door
You slam the door shut, locking it quickly. You look around, as the claw smashes into the door, and you know it won't last much longer.


There's a shotgun you can load with silver buckshot, that you've used on hunting some of the more dangerous werewolves before.


There's a box full of dynamite that you could set off, which would almost certainly kill you as well as the Alpha, but fuck it, you wouldn't mind taking someone down with you.


Finally, there's the machine gun. Although there's no silver bullets, you could set it up so you could pump so much lead into that beast that you'd definitely kill it.
> You grab the shotgun
You grab the shotgun, going for the box of silver shotgun shells. You quickly load one as the door begins to break as the wood splinters, before a claw smashes through the door. The albino werewolf charges inside, and you raise your gun, firing.


The shotgun booms back, peppering the albino with buckshot. It howls as its skin begins to burn with silver, but it doesn't go down. You reach for another shell before the albino slams into you, its claws instantly shredding your torso as its jaws close around your head.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slam the door shut, locking it quickly. You look around, as the claw smashes into the door, and you know it won't last much longer.


There's a shotgun you can load with silver buckshot, that you've used on hunting some of the more dangerous werewolves before.


There's a box full of dynamite that you could set off, which would almost certainly kill you as well as the Alpha, but fuck it, you wouldn't mind taking someone down with you.


Finally, there's the machine gun. Although there's no silver bullets, you could set it up so you could pump so much lead into that beast that you'd definitely kill it.
> You set off the dynamite
Fuck, you don't have a chance. You're going to die here anyway. Might as well take that fucking albino out. You spot a box of matches on the shelf, grabbing it and pulling out a box of matches, which you quickly strike.


The door begins to break as the wood splinters, before a claw smashes through the door. The albino werewolf charges inside, as you pull open the crate of dynamite, lighting it. The werewolf slams into you before the dynamite explodes with a powerful flash, before everything disappears with a loud boom, killing everyone in the room. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slam the door shut, locking it quickly. You look around, as the claw smashes into the door, and you know it won't last much longer.


There's a shotgun you can load with silver buckshot, that you've used on hunting some of the more dangerous werewolves before.


There's a box full of dynamite that you could set off, which would almost certainly kill you as well as the Alpha, but fuck it, you wouldn't mind taking someone down with you.


Finally, there's the machine gun. Although there's no silver bullets, you could set it up so you could pump so much lead into that beast that you'd definitely kill it.
> You set up the machine gun
You grab the machine gun, instantly loading in a box of ammo. You quickly hurry as you begin loading the ammunition into the gun and putting down the stand. The door begins to break as the wood splinters, before a claw smashes through. The albino werewolf charges inside, as you pull down on the trigger as bullets begin to slam into the werewolf, without even slowing down, let alone stopping it. You yell, before the albino slams into you, its claws instantly shredding your torso as its jaws close around your head.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sigh, looking out at the tiled roof. A long drop to that and then into the courtyard, then you can leg it out of there. If the first fall doesn't break your bones. Or the werewolves here you and tear you apart. You climb over the bell tower wall, and jump. There's a brief second of the air rushing as your fall, adrenaline rushing into you. Then, you hit the tiled roof. Pain surges through your as you yell in pain.


Unfortunately, you don't smack into it and roll off into the courtyard. Instead, you just go straight through the tiled roof. You smash through, into the room beneath you. The world goes dark and hazy, as you lie there atop the broken tiles in desperate pain. You groan, taking a deep breath. You need to get moving. Otherwise, the werewolves will find you, if not Mihrab.


You grab the side of the table, slowly pulling yourself up. You put weight on your legs, and grunt in pain. It hurts like a bitch, but they're not broken. You're able to walk. You stand, taking a deep breath, and stumble forward. You're not going to be able fight Mihrab like this, and you highly doubt your chances of being able to leg it back to the nearest village. You need to think.


You could head to the castle armory. There's a large amount of explosives there, as well as other fun and interesting weapons that could be turned to wiping out the werewolves and killing Mihrab as well.


You could head to Count Grey's personal chambers. Knowing how paranoid and prepared he was, you have no doubt that the place is insanely secured and prepared for a situation like this. It's too late for him to use it, but you still might.


There's also the chance of negotiation. You could talk to Mihrab, and attempt to convince him to spare you. Through offering up Count Grey's secrets and perhaps even offering your services in the future, he can be convinced to spare you, and even have you join him. 


If you're feeling courageous, you could attempt to negotiate with the werewolves. Whilst they're beasts, they still do have human souls and consciousnesses. They can probably negotiate. If you find the Alpha, you can most likely negotiate with it.
> You negotiate with Viceroy Mihrab
You grab your gun from the broken tiles, and stumble forward towards the bell tower once more. You head along in a hurry, hoping not to draw the attention of the werewolves. The bell-tower is close, seeing as you just fell from it, and you soon find yourself stumbling along the hallway as Mihrab descends from the bell tower. He pauses, staring at you.


"You... leapt from a bell tower... and came back?" he asks, raising an eyebrow.


"I... yes," you reply.


"Alright, you've truly gained my attention," he says, slowly extending his hand and grabbing you by the throat, his long, sharp nails prodding into your neck.


"I want to make a deal. I have an abundance of information, and am happy to serve you as faithfully as I served Count Grey."


"Did you? Did you really serve him faithfully? It seems you're happy to betray his secrets right now.


"My loyalty ended upon Count Grey's death," you stammer.


Mihrab smiles, as his fingers slice open your throat. You gasp, blood filling your throat and running down your chest.


"I'll have to decline," he says, as you collapse to the ground.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sigh, looking out at the tiled roof. A long drop to that and then into the courtyard, then you can leg it out of there. If the first fall doesn't break your bones. Or the werewolves here you and tear you apart. You climb over the bell tower wall, and jump. There's a brief second of the air rushing as your fall, adrenaline rushing into you. Then, you hit the tiled roof. Pain surges through your as you yell in pain.


Unfortunately, you don't smack into it and roll off into the courtyard. Instead, you just go straight through the tiled roof. You smash through, into the room beneath you. The world goes dark and hazy, as you lie there atop the broken tiles in desperate pain. You groan, taking a deep breath. You need to get moving. Otherwise, the werewolves will find you, if not Mihrab.


You grab the side of the table, slowly pulling yourself up. You put weight on your legs, and grunt in pain. It hurts like a bitch, but they're not broken. You're able to walk. You stand, taking a deep breath, and stumble forward. You're not going to be able fight Mihrab like this, and you highly doubt your chances of being able to leg it back to the nearest village. You need to think.


You could head to the castle armory. There's a large amount of explosives there, as well as other fun and interesting weapons that could be turned to wiping out the werewolves and killing Mihrab as well.


You could head to Count Grey's personal chambers. Knowing how paranoid and prepared he was, you have no doubt that the place is insanely secured and prepared for a situation like this. It's too late for him to use it, but you still might.


There's also the chance of negotiation. You could talk to Mihrab, and attempt to convince him to spare you. Through offering up Count Grey's secrets and perhaps even offering your services in the future, he can be convinced to spare you, and even have you join him. 


If you're feeling courageous, you could attempt to negotiate with the werewolves. Whilst they're beasts, they still do have human souls and consciousnesses. They can probably negotiate. If you find the Alpha, you can most likely negotiate with it.
> You negotiate with the Alpha
You grab your gun from the broken tiles, and stumble forward towards the courtyard. You move along the building, before finding a wooden door to the courtyard, pushing it open. You stumble into the courtyard, walking to the middle before dropping to your knees.


"Wolves! Bring me your Alpha! I wish to talk!" you cry.


About a dozen werewolves quickly appear, beginning to circle you. They don't strike, perhaps confused by what you're doing. Soon, the Alpha appears. It walks forward, staring at you as it growls, saliva hitting you in the face.


"I want to join you," you say. "Mihrab is going to betray you. I overheard him say as much. The vampires will always seek to have dominion over... over the noble wolf."


The Alpha bears its teeth, but doesn't strike. It looks you dead in the eyes, as you stare back.


"Let me join you. I promise you won't regret it."


The wolf snarls, before pouncing forward.
> You fire your rifle
You raise your rifle and fire, the bullet slamming into the Alpha, but failing to slow it. Its jaws close around your throat, tearing it open as you scream in terror and pain.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab your gun from the broken tiles, and stumble forward towards the courtyard. You move along the building, before finding a wooden door to the courtyard, pushing it open. You stumble into the courtyard, walking to the middle before dropping to your knees.


"Wolves! Bring me your Alpha! I wish to talk!" you cry.


About a dozen werewolves quickly appear, beginning to circle you. They don't strike, perhaps confused by what you're doing. Soon, the Alpha appears. It walks forward, staring at you as it growls, saliva hitting you in the face.


"I want to join you," you say. "Mihrab is going to betray you. I overheard him say as much. The vampires will always seek to have dominion over... over the noble wolf."


The Alpha bears its teeth, but doesn't strike. It looks you dead in the eyes, as you stare back.


"Let me join you. I promise you won't regret it."


The wolf snarls, before pouncing forward.
> You use your knife
You raise your knife, slashing open the hide of the Alpha, but failing to slow it. Its jaws close around your throat, tearing it open as you scream in terror and pain.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab your gun from the broken tiles, and stumble forward towards the courtyard. You move along the building, before finding a wooden door to the courtyard, pushing it open. You stumble into the courtyard, walking to the middle before dropping to your knees.


"Wolves! Bring me your Alpha! I wish to talk!" you cry.


About a dozen werewolves quickly appear, beginning to circle you. They don't strike, perhaps confused by what you're doing. Soon, the Alpha appears. It walks forward, staring at you as it growls, saliva hitting you in the face.


"I want to join you," you say. "Mihrab is going to betray you. I overheard him say as much. The vampires will always seek to have dominion over... over the noble wolf."


The Alpha bears its teeth, but doesn't strike. It looks you dead in the eyes, as you stare back.


"Let me join you. I promise you won't regret it."


The wolf snarls, before pouncing forward.
> You scream
You scream as the Alpha's jaws fly forward, biting deep into your arm. You yell in pain as the werewolf bites into your arm, as a flood of emotions enters you. Hate. Anger. Passion. Adrenaline Hunger. You yell, no, you roar as you feel your body morph.Your body begins to twist and break. Your bones snap as your limbs stretch wider and your head and body grows. Your face is torn apart as his teeth grow and sharpen past their usual point. Hair sprouts from your body, soon, you find yourself lying on the ground, feeling the animal inside you finally unleashed. You look at the moon ecstatically, letting out a howl, which is soon joined by your new family. The Alpha looks at you and growls, and you bow your head in submission, an act that just feels natural. The Alpha blinks slowly at you, and you understand that its time to hunt, and finish Mihrab off.


You turn, sniffing the air. It's like you just know where to go. You sprint forward, running along the walls and smashing through oak doors. You find Mihrab, covered in blood from what you presume was a fight with a werewolf, hurrying towards the sacrificial chambers. He stops in terror as he stares at you, his eyes widening.


"So, you joined with the dogs, did you? Pathetic," he snarls.


You burst forward as he does the same. His claws painfully scrape along your snout and release a wave of blood and adrenaline as you smash your claw into him, knocking him against the wall. You bite down on his throat with a roar, tearing it clean out as you smash your claws into him. You turn, seeing a werewolf staring, half ready to charge and half ready to run. You burst forward, tearing its head off and tossing it down the hall, before bursting forward again. You... "feel" a presence in the shadows, twisting around and pouncing, pinning Alexa against a wall.


"You're either much, much more intelligent than I thought, or much less so," she says. 


You feel pain run through your chest as she jabs a silver dagger into your chest. You howl, tearing it out as pain runs through you.


"Sorry, wolfy," she says, falling back against the walls, letting the shadows absorb her.


You snarl, before turning to be faced with the Alpha. You stare at it, as it sniffs the air and slowly approaches you. It's eyes are filled with a deep desire, a desperate hunger. You sniff the air, suddenly becoming aware of many new sensations. The Alpha seems to be... in full bloom. A sniff quickly fills your nostrils with the scent of a beast in heat. It seems the creature is more of an Alpha female.


The creature steps towards you, her intentions clear. The human part of you looks at disgust at the beast, wanting to spit and turn away. For better or worse, that's not the part in charge of you. The animal inside you only smells the odor of a horny bitch in heat. You step forward, your animalistic side taking over as you leap on her.


Needless to say, you get little sleep under the gaze of the crimson moon.
> You continue
You awake lying on the cold stone, completely naked and with a severe headache. For a second, you feel cold, confused and scared, like a child hiding as Papa stands by the door with his rifle, waiting for Count Grey to arrive. You reach an arm out, finding a warm body and pulling yourself tightly against it, as memories begin to flood into your mind.


As you realize where you are your eyes dart open. You look around frantically, seeing the white-haired girl lying next to you, blood and... other fluids covering her, and you as well. She yawns, looking up at you. She slowly gets to her feet, groaning.


"Well?" she asks, raising an eyebrow. "What?"


"Nothing," you reply, as she smiles.


"You did well last night," she says.


"Two dead vampires? Yeah, not bad," you say.


"I was talking about the fucking," the Alpha replies.


You look around, spotting other naked men and women lying on the ground, all in the process of waking up.


"There's clothes stashed away nearby. You need a place to stay?" the Alpha asks.


"Yeah," you say.


"Done. Daustin owns a mechanics shop, and had hired Godfrey as an assistant. Seeing as Godrey was cut apart by the vampires, you can take his place."


"Perfect," you reply. 


"Don't worry. You're part of the pack now. We look out for each other."


The Alpha leans in, pushing you against the wall and kissing you. You push her away, as she raises an eyebrow.


"What? Was it only the beast within that wanted to fuck me?" she asks.


You grab her, kissing her back, before she pulls away.


"We should go. We need to be home before we're found. If the villagers spot a bunch of naked people returning from where they just saw werewolves kill a bunch of their friends, they'll put two and two together."


She turns, barking out an order for her pack to follow her as she leads them outside of the castle. You follow, walking after them. 


Now, you're part of a pack. Now, the beast within in you has been released, and you're only barely to keep it contained with the moon gone.


You can't wait for the moon to call it out again.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You continue moving along the hallways, but thankfully wherever the werewolf's entry point is, it's not close enough to you to have an issue. You don't know where Alexa or Mihrab are, but they're not here, so that's enough. Soon, you find yourself climbing the tight, spiraling staircase towards the bell tower. You push open the wooden door once you reach the top, and find yourself faced with a massive, cast iron bell. You look out at the courtyard from the lookout of the bell tower at the dozens of fur-covered beasts scattered around the area. Shit, there's more than you thought.


You take a deep breath, leaning your head against the bell, taking a deep breath. The walk was fairly long, and the werewolf took some of your time. If Haygarth's still alive, he's back at the coach. You grab the bell pull, before pulling it down as hard as you can. The bell clangs loudly as you put your hand over your ears. The werewolves began to panic and howl, instantly growing frantic and charging towards the doors of the castle. You wait a moment, staring out at the courtyard, before you see the coach burst free from the castle and smashing towards the gates. The Coach smashes the Viceroy's coach out of the way, as it flies on past the trees towards the nearby village. Well, they've escaped. Lucky bastards. 


You turn, and begin walking down the stairs, before seeing the tanned skin and black cloak of Viceroy Mihrab.


"You're still alive, are you?" he asks. "I had thought one of the stupider werewolves had gotten inside and smacked its head into the bell by accident. It's an interesting choice to ring it for whatever reason you have."


Mihrab walks slowly towards you, as you back up, slipping on the staircase. You quickly crawl your way up the stairs and get to the bell once more, looking down as he approaches you slowly with cool indifference.


"You've taken me away from my work. At least you'll provide a refreshing meal."


You hold your rifle out, aiming. You look over the edge of the bell tower. You could jump, bouncing off one of the tiled roofs and into the courtyard. The werewolves are inside, so you might be able to escape. Your other, as shitty option, is fighting.
> You fight
You raise your rifle, firing. The bullet thuds into Mihrab as he bears his teeth in a  grin.


"Pathetic," he says.


Mihrab bursts towards you, grabbing you by the throat, his claws cutting into your skin.


"Your life is meaningless. Has your service to Count Grey blurred your mind and given you a strong head? You have nothing to offer."
> You headbutt him
You smack your head into Mihrab's face, knocking him backwards into the wall. The gun's not working. You need to find something else. You quickly hurry down the stairs as Mihrab swears in some long dead language. You run quickly, finding yourself in the lower floors of the castle. There's a straight shot up another stairs to the courtyard, where you could lure Mihrab outside. Hopefully, the werewolves would frenzy and take him out, while you could slip back inside the castle. You could also head deeper into the castle, towards Count Grey's coffin and the inner areas.
> You head out to the courtyard
You turn and sprint forward towards the courtyard as you hear Mihrab quickly following as he snarls. You push open the oak doors to the courtyard, running out. You hear a half dozen howls as the werewolves outside spot you, but you know Mihrab is most likely still pursuing. You can't tell,  you only hear the pounding of his own heart. You keep running, before you feel your back breaking as the werewolf's claw smashed into your hack, the knife-like claws cutting through your leather duster and slashing through your flesh. You roll to the ground with a scream, as the werewolf leaps onto you, it's weight crushing you. It's wet saliva dripping onto your face, it howls at the moon in an act of triumph, before it lunges forward, biting deep into your throat.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You smack your head into Mihrab's face, knocking him backwards into the wall. The gun's not working. You need to find something else. You quickly hurry down the stairs as Mihrab swears in some long dead language. You run quickly, finding yourself in the lower floors of the castle. There's a straight shot up another stairs to the courtyard, where you could lure Mihrab outside. Hopefully, the werewolves would frenzy and take him out, while you could slip back inside the castle. You could also head deeper into the castle, towards Count Grey's coffin and the inner areas.
> You head inwards
You turn, running further into the castle. You hear Mihrab snarl behind you as he charges after you. Suddenly, he slams into your with unnatural speed, sending you toppling forward as his claw cuts open your back. You groan, quickly stumbling forward as you push open the door and slam it shut behind you, locking the door. Mihrab immediately punches through, his clawed hand reaching for the key. You look around desperately, and find yourself in the room with Count Grey's coffin. You look around, spotting an oak door at the side that you remember leads towards the armory. There, you could get enough firepower to do something. 


You could also go for the sword hanging proudly above Count Grey's coffin. It's supposed to be a great and powerful. You could try get it, and maybe best him in melee. If you're very, very luck.
> You head for the armory
You turn, barreling towards the armory. You hear the door unlocked behind you, hearing Mihrab approaching. You run desperately forward, but Mihrab is faster, stronger and angry as hell. As you run desperately, you feel Mihrab grab you. He flings you against the wall as you yell in pain, before darting forward and stabbing you through the neck with his claws. You let out a yelp of pain as blood fills your throat and runs down your chest, before Mihrab grabs your head and quickly twists it, breaking your neck.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You turn, running further into the castle. You hear Mihrab snarl behind you as he charges after you. Suddenly, he slams into your with unnatural speed, sending you toppling forward as his claw cuts open your back. You groan, quickly stumbling forward as you push open the door and slam it shut behind you, locking the door. Mihrab immediately punches through, his clawed hand reaching for the key. You look around desperately, and find yourself in the room with Count Grey's coffin. You look around, spotting an oak door at the side that you remember leads towards the armory. There, you could get enough firepower to do something. 


You could also go for the sword hanging proudly above Count Grey's coffin. It's supposed to be a great and powerful. You could try get it, and maybe best him in melee. If you're very, very luck.
> You go for the sword
You grab the top of the coffin, feeling ill as dark energy still emanates. You pull yourself atop it, grabbing the sword hanging there. You pull yourself onto the coffin, reaching up and grabbing the sword grip. The grip despite being made of leather, is icy cold to touch. You hop down from coffin as Mihrab breaks through the door, staring at you with malice.


"Are you going to stab me? With your little sword that you never learned to use? You've been an annoyance. Now, this is over." 


Mihrab charges towards you with a snarl, charging towards you with the swipe of his claw, his eyes filled with unfocused rage.
> You dodge
You roll to avoid the strike, and Mihrab rushes past, filled with rage. He stops, swiveling around and taking a deep breath as he stares at you. He takes another breath, before walking forward, slow and methodical.
> You dodge
He strikes like a viper as you sidestep, but he slips to the side. He slashes his hand, cutting open the side of your face before grabbing you. He jabs his claws into your eye as you scream in pain, before he catches your head, twisting it quickly and snapping your neck.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You roll to avoid the strike, and Mihrab rushes past, filled with rage. He stops, swiveling around and taking a deep breath as he stares at you. He takes another breath, before walking forward, slow and methodical.
> You strike
He strikes like a viper as you slash your blade, but he slips to the side. He slashes his hand, cutting open the side of your face before grabbing you. He jabs his claws into your eye as you scream in pain, before he catches your head, twisting it quickly and snapping your neck.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab the top of the coffin, feeling ill as dark energy still emanates. You pull yourself atop it, grabbing the sword hanging there. You pull yourself onto the coffin, reaching up and grabbing the sword grip. The grip despite being made of leather, is icy cold to touch. You hop down from coffin as Mihrab breaks through the door, staring at you with malice.


"Are you going to stab me? With your little sword that you never learned to use? You've been an annoyance. Now, this is over." 


Mihrab charges towards you with a snarl, charging towards you with the swipe of his claw, his eyes filled with unfocused rage.
> You strike
You swing your blade frantically, as Mihrab charges directly for you. You run the sword through his chest as he roars. His dark, soulless eyes go dull, as you pull the sword out of his chest, where it's just ran through his heart.


"That..." Mihrab whispers, looking at the blade with horror and disgust, before he collapses to the ground. You step forward, running the sword through Mihrab's chest. He grunts as his body begins to turn to dust as the very essence of his life is absorbed into your blade. You release the blade, hearing it clang to the ground, before you step back. You watch as the ancient, powerful vampire's corpse disappears from view. 


You've killed Draven. You've killed Mihrab. Now, all you need to do is deal with Alexa, and the Viceroy problem will be solved.
> You find Alexa
You turn, walking towards the door. Last you remember, Alexa was inhabiting...


"Hmm..." Alexa says, as you spin around to see her form from the shadows.


Alexa walks forward, kneeling down to stare at the pile of ash. She gently picks some up with her finger, before blowing the dust away.


"Good riddance," she smiles, showing her long fangs.


Alexa stands, walking towards. You dive for the sword, grabbing it with your hand and holding it up, snarling.


"Stay back," you snarl.


Alexa moves forward, stopping in front of you just out of the reach of your sword.


"You've proven yourself to me. You've shown that you truly deserve this gift I offer."


"Gift?" you ask.


"I offer you a chance to join me. We are immortal, we are powerful and we are predators. If you are willing, you can join me as a vampire, and we can take the places that Mihrab and Grey once occupied." 


"You want me to join you as a vampire? Why?" you ask.


"Together, we can rule. I... miss the joys of mortal life. I miss having friends, having allies, having lovers. With you at my side, as equals, we can live forever, survive anything, and be the perfect allies."


Alexa steps forward, smiling  at you.


"So?" she smiles.
> You agree
"Fine," you say. "I agree."


"Good," Alexa says, striding forward. "The moon's falling, and the son will rise soon, scaring away the werewolves. Get undressed."


You raise an eyebrow, but pull off your jacket, before pulling off your shirt. You pull off your boots and trousers, before looking up at Alexa. She pulls off her cloak, pulling off her shirt and pants as well, leaving her standing there naked, as she smiles at you. Her body, completely pale and white as snow, and as cold at it, has a definite beauty to it. She walks forward, wrapping her hands around you and kissing you, her forked tongue flickering in your mouth. You kiss back, as her freezing hands begin to roam around your body. She slowly pushes you into the coffin, which surprisingly is large enough to fit both of you. Soon, in the enclosed area, you find your thrusting as you push Alexa up against the steel coffin wall. Suddenly, Alexa bites into your neck as you groan in pain, and begins sucking on your blood, draining it from you. You struggle, but she grabs your head, pressing it against her neck.


"Bite," she commands.


You bite down on the vampire's neck, releasing a wave of dark crimson liquid that fills your mouth.


"Drink," she whispers, as you hear her slurp your blood. 


You follow her orders, and begin drinking down on her black liquid. You feel, as the two of you become one and the spirit of the predator enters you with each once of blood you gulp down.


The pair of you continue in the coffin, as you begin to transform. Mortality becomes a distant concept, life an old memory and a terrible thirst takes over you.


The burden of the vampire is now yours, but so are all the benefits.
> You pass out
 

You stand on the wall of the castle, staring up at the gorgeous moon, Alexa's arm wrapped around you. She smiles at you, as you grin back, gently kissing her on the forehead. You sniff the air, smelling the blood of a nearby wounded dear, Alexa's perfume, the flowers along the river banks, so many senses. Alexa kisses you on the neck, before scraping her fangs across your neck.


"I hunger, Sam," she smiles. "The thirst is back. Shall we go?"


"Perfect," you smile. 


You hurry down the staircase and past the gate and out into the woods. You both sprint through the trees, laughing as you head out for the hunt.


Yes. The hunt under the moonlight. The excitement. The joy. The passion. This is true life. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You turn, walking towards the door. Last you remember, Alexa was inhabiting...


"Hmm..." Alexa says, as you spin around to see her form from the shadows.


Alexa walks forward, kneeling down to stare at the pile of ash. She gently picks some up with her finger, before blowing the dust away.


"Good riddance," she smiles, showing her long fangs.


Alexa stands, walking towards. You dive for the sword, grabbing it with your hand and holding it up, snarling.


"Stay back," you snarl.


Alexa moves forward, stopping in front of you just out of the reach of your sword.


"You've proven yourself to me. You've shown that you truly deserve this gift I offer."


"Gift?" you ask.


"I offer you a chance to join me. We are immortal, we are powerful and we are predators. If you are willing, you can join me as a vampire, and we can take the places that Mihrab and Grey once occupied." 


"You want me to join you as a vampire? Why?" you ask.


"Together, we can rule. I... miss the joys of mortal life. I miss having friends, having allies, having lovers. With you at my side, as equals, we can live forever, survive anything, and be the perfect allies."


Alexa steps forward, smiling  at you.


"So?" she smiles.
> You decline
"No," you say.


"No?" Alexa asks, frowning. "Shame. i thought you had potential."


Alexa puts her hand in her cloak to draw something, and you raise your sword with a snarl. She smiles, slowly opening her cloak to reveal a small flask, which she uncaps and puts to her lips, drinking.


"I was really hoping to taste your blood... and for you to taste mine. Sadly, I shan't."


Alexa leans against the shadowy corner of the wall, staring at you as the shadows begin to absorb her essence.


"Good luck, ghoul. Hopefully, we'll both stay out of each others way in the future, shall we?"


With that, Alexa disappears from the room and from your life. You fall to your knees, tossing the sword aside as you breath out a sigh of relief. You take a deep breath, before grabbing your rifle from the ground and standing. You hear a howl from outside, leaning up against the wall and creeping along before you stare out the window. You see in the distance the sun beginning to rise. The werewolves begin howl, fleeing off towards the woods, not wanting to be caught around him when the transformation ends. You wait, watching as even the Alpha flees desperately away. You wait until the sun's light actually begins to shine on the courtyard, before walking out into the courtyard. You look up at the sun, feeling its warmth on your face, before you realize how absolutely exhausted you are. You collapse on the ground, staring up at the sky and feeling the warmth of the sun on your face.
> You continue
 

Royalty


You stand on the castle wall, staring out at the trees. A half a dozen guards patrol the walls, watching out for any potential werewolves. The purges you've organized of the forests have been effective, but you're still alive. Due to the loss of any significant supernatural power, you've need to replenish your power by recruitment. You've recruited Lucas, Mikhail and Haygarth, all of whom managed to survive the night through their coach escape, although Dasha thoroughly and aggressively refused to come anywhere near the castle. You recruited a few more men from the villages, and quickly regained the control that was lost with the death of Count Grey. Through hard-work and a treaty with King Ferdinand, you've managed to become the new Count of the region. The peasants continue to pay tax to you, although you've negated the need for any of them to die to feed you. You've created a nice little situation for yourself here.


Count Samuel. You never thought you'd see the day. Yes, it's a new dawn. The world is changing. The myths and legends of the past are being dispelled. Now, you're the future.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You turn, walking towards the door. Last you remember, Alexa was inhabiting...


"Hmm..." Alexa says, as you spin around to see her form from the shadows.


Alexa walks forward, kneeling down to stare at the pile of ash. She gently picks some up with her finger, before blowing the dust away.


"Good riddance," she smiles, showing her long fangs.


Alexa stands, walking towards. You dive for the sword, grabbing it with your hand and holding it up, snarling.


"Stay back," you snarl.


Alexa moves forward, stopping in front of you just out of the reach of your sword.


"You've proven yourself to me. You've shown that you truly deserve this gift I offer."


"Gift?" you ask.


"I offer you a chance to join me. We are immortal, we are powerful and we are predators. If you are willing, you can join me as a vampire, and we can take the places that Mihrab and Grey once occupied." 


"You want me to join you as a vampire? Why?" you ask.


"Together, we can rule. I... miss the joys of mortal life. I miss having friends, having allies, having lovers. With you at my side, as equals, we can live forever, survive anything, and be the perfect allies."


Alexa steps forward, smiling  at you.


"So?" she smiles.
> You kill Alexa
You step forward, as she smiles, assuming you've taken up her offer. Then, you swing your blade, beheading her in one quick move. Her head topples to the ground, and you smile. Three vampires in one night. Terrific.


You fall to your knees, tossing the sword aside as you breath out a sigh of relief. You take a deep breath, before grabbing your rifle from the ground and standing. You hear a howl from outside, leaning up against the wall and creeping along before you stare out the window. You see in the distance the sun beginning to rise. The werewolves begin howl, fleeing off towards the woods, not wanting to be caught around him when the transformation ends. You wait, watching as even the Alpha flees desperately away. You wait until the sun's light actually begins to shine on the courtyard, before walking out into the courtyard. You look up at the sun, feeling its warmth on your face, before you realize how absolutely exhausted you are. You collapse on the ground, staring up at the sky and feeling the warmth of the sun on your face.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You raise your rifle, firing. The bullet thuds into Mihrab as he bears his teeth in a  grin.


"Pathetic," he says.


Mihrab bursts towards you, grabbing you by the throat, his claws cutting into your skin.


"Your life is meaningless. Has your service to Count Grey blurred your mind and given you a strong head? You have nothing to offer."
> You go for your knife
You lean down slightly, keeping eye contact with a snarling Mihrab, before grabbing your dagger. You stab it into Mihrab's stomach as he yelps in pain. You shove him back and immediately begin barreling down the staircase. The gun's not working. You need to find something else. You quickly hurry down the stairs as Mihrab swears in some long dead language. You run quickly, finding yourself in the lower floors of the castle. There's a straight shot up another stairs to the courtyard, where you could lure Mihrab outside. Hopefully, the werewolves would frenzy and take him out, while you could slip back inside the castle. You could also head deeper into the castle, towards Count Grey's coffin and the inner areas.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You raise your rifle, firing. The bullet thuds into Mihrab as he bears his teeth in a  grin.


"Pathetic," he says.


Mihrab bursts towards you, grabbing you by the throat, his claws cutting into your skin.


"Your life is meaningless. Has your service to Count Grey blurred your mind and given you a strong head? You have nothing to offer."
> You go for your rifle
You grab for your rifle and go down, grabbing it by the barrel and tossing it into the air. You grab for the trigger, before Mihrab slices his claws across your throat and pressing his mouth against it. You gasp as blood spurts into the monster's mouth, dropping the gun and letting out a pained grunt as you're drained of your life source.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab the chifferobe, opening it and stepping inside. You close the door, quieting your breathing as you wait. You hear the loud, clawed footsteps of the beast towards you, as you wait patiently for it to pass by. This is a beast, lacking all the stealth of the true wolf, or even its stronger Wulven kin. Still, it has the nose of one, which soon becomes apparent as its wet sniffling leans to it pausing outside your room. You wait slowly, holding your breath, for the wolf to pass. It doesn't seem to know you're there... yet. 
> You wait for it to pass
You wait patiently as the werewolf snarls outside. Suddenly, it's massive claws bash through the chifferobe, smacking into your and shattering your bones as the claw runs through your chest. You groan, spluttering blood out onto your chest, before entering oblivion.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I'm not going!" you say.


"So be it," Haygarth says. "If you're not leaving the castle, we need your help."


"What?" you ask. 


"You need to ring the castle's alarm bell at the North-East tower. If you can ring that, you can distract the werewolves and draw them towards the North-Eastern area, so we have a chance."


"Fuck, fine. I'll get it done," you say.


"Thank you, thank you!" Haygarth says. "I must find the Twins, if they're still alive. I'll be sure to be back before you can make the journey to the bell."


"Fan-fucking-tastic," you say. "Best of luck, Haygarth. I hope we meet on the other side."


"Same to you, Samuel."


You turn, walking away from the room. You enter the hallways again, and move quickly. You can hear the roars of the beasts outside, and you wince as you hear the scraping of sharp claws on the stones outside. You take a deep breath of air, trying not to let terror cloud your judgment. Suddenly, you pause. You see the massive, wretched body of a werewolf slowly move forward through the hallway, heading perpendicular to you. Tufts of black fur cover its body, as its deformed snout looks like a pale imitation of a true wolf's, this one looking like a poor soul has had her face bashed in to create the appearance of one. It creeps along the hallways, sniffing the air.


You step back slowly, taking a sharp breath. You shouldn't be surprised that they've got in. The doors are thick, reinforced with steel and silver alike, but the werewolves were bound to get in some time. Not if the portcullis had been closed, but once they entered the courtyard, they were bound to get in. 


The beast shakes its head violently as if spasming, before sniffing the air once more. It lets out a growl, and you know it's caught your scent. There's a rotten chifferobe to your side that you could foreseeably hide in. There's also the silver-loaded gun in your hands, if you want to take it more bluntly, as well as the silver dagger you have hidden in your boot. for a quiet tactic.
> You shoot
You pull the trigger, as the gun bucks in your hands. The bullet flies through the air, hitting the werewolf in the neck and knocking it to the ground with a burst of crimson blood, which sprays over its fur and sends it collapsing to the ground. An easy kill, but a loud one. You need to move, and you need to move fast.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I'm not going!" you say.


"So be it," Haygarth says. "If you're not leaving the castle, we need your help."


"What?" you ask. 


"You need to ring the castle's alarm bell at the North-East tower. If you can ring that, you can distract the werewolves and draw them towards the North-Eastern area, so we have a chance."


"Fuck, fine. I'll get it done," you say.


"Thank you, thank you!" Haygarth says. "I must find the Twins, if they're still alive. I'll be sure to be back before you can make the journey to the bell."


"Fan-fucking-tastic," you say. "Best of luck, Haygarth. I hope we meet on the other side."


"Same to you, Samuel."


You turn, walking away from the room. You enter the hallways again, and move quickly. You can hear the roars of the beasts outside, and you wince as you hear the scraping of sharp claws on the stones outside. You take a deep breath of air, trying not to let terror cloud your judgment. Suddenly, you pause. You see the massive, wretched body of a werewolf slowly move forward through the hallway, heading perpendicular to you. Tufts of black fur cover its body, as its deformed snout looks like a pale imitation of a true wolf's, this one looking like a poor soul has had her face bashed in to create the appearance of one. It creeps along the hallways, sniffing the air.


You step back slowly, taking a sharp breath. You shouldn't be surprised that they've got in. The doors are thick, reinforced with steel and silver alike, but the werewolves were bound to get in some time. Not if the portcullis had been closed, but once they entered the courtyard, they were bound to get in. 


The beast shakes its head violently as if spasming, before sniffing the air once more. It lets out a growl, and you know it's caught your scent. There's a rotten chifferobe to your side that you could foreseeably hide in. There's also the silver-loaded gun in your hands, if you want to take it more bluntly, as well as the silver dagger you have hidden in your boot. for a quiet tactic.
> You use your knife
You creep forward, dropping low as you draw your knife. Your boots leather creeks, making the slightest noise, and the wolf turns and bursts towards you. It charges towards you, barreling down the hall. It pounces before and you jab your knife, stabbing into flesh and fur. It's weight smashes you into the wall, snapping your body like a twig. You scream in pain as it swings its claw, beheading you in one foul swing.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You dive out of the way, as Draven flies just past you, swinging his sword. His sword slices into the back of your neck, not enough to seriously wound but enough to hurt like a bitch. He slams into the door behind you, grunting as he spins around. He wipes the blood from his broken nose as he stares at the two of you, before letting out a horrible laugh.


"Got too excited there, didn't I? Ha!" he smiles, twirling the sword around in his hands.


You look around desperately, for something, ANYTHING in the room to help you out. Dasha is just as in the cross-hairs as you are, and seems terrified. Haygarth is hiding behind a counter, unfocused and not thinking. Most of the horses are dead, having had their heads cleaved clean off. Still, there's three or four in the farther stables. There's two large, oil-filled lamps illuminating the hallways that could be used. Fire has a history of being effective with monsters. Finally, there's the old full lead solution. If you just duck, weave and fill the air with as much lead, or in this case silver, as possible to take out the vampire bastard, although silver bullets are more of a werewolf-killer. 
> You get to the lamp
You sprint towards the lamp, your rifle held tightly in your hands as you run towards it. Draven charges ahead with a howl, kicking your leg away as you collapse onto the ground, laughing.


"Look at you try to run! Where are you trying to run to, little one?" he asks, before his eyes flicker to Dasha who goes for the door.


Draven runs ahead with an animalistic howl, slamming her into the door. He presses the sword to her throat, before throwing into the air and catching it once more.


"Ohh... this is everything! Savor the hunt!" he says. "Go! Try escape again! Or are you in a fighting mood?"
> You try for the horses
You sprint towards the horses, your rifle held tightly in your hands as you run towards them. Draven charges ahead with a howl, kicking your leg away as you collapse onto the ground, laughing.


"Pathetic!"


Dasha attempts to stand, before Draven smiles, flinging his sword. The sword embeds itself in Dasha's hand, pinning it to the door, as he laughs.


"I forgot to mention, I'm not a bad through," he says, before looking down at you. "It's a shame she tried to move and I had to throw my sword, little Ghoul. Now, I have to deal with you with fangs... and trust me, it'll be more painful."


The lamp flies through the air, smashing into Draven's head. Oil sprays across him as it's quickly set alight, as is his dry, cold corpse. Draven screams in object terror as he's engulfed in fire. He screams, desperately flailing in an attempt to put out the flames. Draven collapses to his knees as his scream finally stops, before collapsing onto his face. He slowly burns as his body turns to ash, as you crawl away from the body, standing. Haygarth stands behind Draven, staring at the fire.


"Didn't know what, what to do," Haygarth says, panting. "Saw you go for the lamp. Decided to finish the job."


"Well done," you say.


You walk over to Dasha, who whimpers as she paws at the sword embedded in her arm. You grab it, gripping it tightly as you pull it from the wall. You tear a piece of cloth from your robes, tying it tightly around the wound.


"I'm fine," she says.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sprint towards the lamp, your rifle held tightly in your hands as you run towards it. Draven charges ahead with a howl, kicking your leg away as you collapse onto the ground, laughing.


"Look at you try to run! Where are you trying to run to, little one?" he asks, before his eyes flicker to Dasha who goes for the door.


Draven runs ahead with an animalistic howl, slamming her into the door. He presses the sword to her throat, before throwing into the air and catching it once more.


"Ohh... this is everything! Savor the hunt!" he says. "Go! Try escape again! Or are you in a fighting mood?"
> You try for the lamp again
You run towards the lamp, as Draven realizes what you're doing, and charges forward. He grabs the lamp, opening it with the flick of his wrist and blowing out the candle. 


"Nice attempt," he says. "Now run."


You turn and run, as Draven follows. He swings his sword as you run , and the next thing you know, you feel the cold bite of steel on your neck. Your head flies through the air, and your body collapses to the straw-covered floor.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You dive out of the way, as Draven flies just past you, swinging his sword. His sword slices into the back of your neck, not enough to seriously wound but enough to hurt like a bitch. He slams into the door behind you, grunting as he spins around. He wipes the blood from his broken nose as he stares at the two of you, before letting out a horrible laugh.


"Got too excited there, didn't I? Ha!" he smiles, twirling the sword around in his hands.


You look around desperately, for something, ANYTHING in the room to help you out. Dasha is just as in the cross-hairs as you are, and seems terrified. Haygarth is hiding behind a counter, unfocused and not thinking. Most of the horses are dead, having had their heads cleaved clean off. Still, there's three or four in the farther stables. There's two large, oil-filled lamps illuminating the hallways that could be used. Fire has a history of being effective with monsters. Finally, there's the old full lead solution. If you just duck, weave and fill the air with as much lead, or in this case silver, as possible to take out the vampire bastard, although silver bullets are more of a werewolf-killer. 
> You fire!
You raise your gun and fire. Draven takes a shot to the shoulder, before side-stepping your next. He doesn't even attempt to charge, just grins. You keep firing, as he dodges the bullets with unnatural ease, even the lucky shots not even throwing him, and they only manage to graze or hit his central mass, which fails to even knock him back. You aim your rifle at Draven's head, as he gently taps his finger against it.


"Come on, boy!" he says, laughing. "Take the shot! I'm enjoying this! I won't even move this time!"


You peer down the sights, taking a deep breath, and you pull the trigger.


It's empty.


"Can't even count, huh?" Draven laughs, before bursting forward.


You attempt to dodge, but he's faster and more prepared for your roll to the side. He swings his sword, cutting through flesh and bone as your upper body is separated from its organic stand. You barely have time for one scream before it's all over.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk along the hallways towards the stable, your gun clenched tightly in your hands. You consider pushing Dasha ahead of you so anything that attacks has to cut through her first, but that's not the right thing to do. It's better to keep her behind you, in case a creature attacks from behind, and you can fight off whoever attacks from the front with your rifle. You walk past the rows of unlit torches that cover the walls, wishing they were lit. You aim your gun ahead, sweeping the barrel to check the corners for any hidden beasts that could be hidden away there.


"We need to hurry up, h.." Dasha says.


Suddenly, one of the windows several meters above you shatters as the upper half of a body smashes through it. It hits the wall with a wet thud, collapsing to the ground. Dasha screams as you desperately back pedal to avoid it.


"Fuck me!" you say. "The villagers must be having a bad night."


"Oh god," Dasha says.


You hear a terrified scream outside. It sounds female, and young. Very young.


"Help! Help! Mama!" a voice screams from outside.


"We need to help her!" Dasha says, a look of panic flooding through her.


"Do you want to fight the Wulven?" you ask. "I'm not."


You try to appear tough as Dasha stares you down, before looking away. You hear a high-pitched scream,  before the crunching of bone and flesh.


"It's done. Let's go," you say.


"The village is down the road! Why the fuck would they bring the villagers here to kill them?" Dasha says.


"Break our morale, or act as bait, maybe. They're intelligent, for abominable beasts. Now, let's move on."


You continue walking forward, reaching a wooden door. You press up against it, waiting. "Here it it."


"This is the door to the stables," you whisper. "You ready?"


"Ready. I'll follow your lead."
> You force Dasha to go in first
"You go in first. He'll be able to smell my blood sooner than yours. I'm a ghoul."


"Bullshit!" Dasha hisses. "Give me the gun, then I'll go."
> You give Dasha the gun
You take a deep breath, bashing open the door with your shoulder, raising your rifle. Draven stands there, a sword in his hands and a grin on his face as he stands over a heavily injured Haygarth, who has been stripped naked and is covered in bruising and cuts.


"Don't you know how, freak? I said do it!" Draven shouts.


He swings his blade and smacks Haygarth in the side of the head with the flat of his blade, knocking Haygarth to the floor.


"Dance!" Draven laughs, before his eyes flicker to you. "Look who it is! One of Grey's ghouls and... I've no fucking idea who you are, but you look like a bleeder!"


Haygarth yells as Dasha raises her rifle. Draven roars as he charges forward, and Dasha both attempts to backpedal and aim. She trips on the stairs, firing off the gun. Unfortunately, she misses Draven. Even worse, the bullet ends up flying straight through your head.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"You go in first. He'll be able to smell my blood sooner than yours. I'm a ghoul."


"Bullshit!" Dasha hisses. "Give me the gun, then I'll go."
> You convince Dasha to go in with just the knife
"No!" you say, shaking your head.


"Then go through!" Dasha commands.


"You go in with the knife, I go behind you with the rang..."


Something slams into the door, sending you flying across the ground and onto your ass with a painful thud. Standing there, clad in armor with long, wild flowing black hair and a face contorted by rage and anger.


"Yes! I was distracted by the freak, but even I can hear you two bickering! Gotta get my ears checked, haha!" he snarls before laughing menacingly as he steps forward.


The vampire charges forward with remarkable speed. You raise your gun quickly, firing. The bullet thuds into Draven's chest, but it fails to even slightly slow him down. He swings the sword as he leaps upon you, slicing through your muscle and sinew and separating your head from your body. His lips immediately wrap around your gaping neck hole as he drains you of your blood, your head rolling to the ground.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You swing the butt of your gun, cracking into the side of her face and knocking her to the ground with a grunt. The knife goes clattering, and you dart forward, grabbing the knife and raising your rifle to point at her.


"Who the fuck are you?"


The girl stares at you with anger, blood running down her face from the newly opened cut on her forehead. You recognize her as Dasha, the sacrificial victim from earlier. Huh, apparently she survived. Interesting.


"Hands in the air!" you say, pointing the gun at her head.


She slowly raises her hands, spitting blood and a tooth on the ground. Apparently, you swung harder than you thought. 


"Fuck you!" she says.


"You need to listen to me," you say.


The girl swings at your head, but you catch her fist. She spits in your face, which you wince at.
> You try talk to her
"Look, please, listen to me," you say.


"Fuck off!" she shouts.


"I don't need you to trust me, just listen! For..."


"I said, fuck off!" she shouts again.


"Listen!" you say loudly, losing your patience. "Did you see those fucking vampires?!"


The girl stares at you, still defiant, but quiet.


"If we want to get out of this, we need to work together. I don't care how much you hate me for doing what I did to you, but we need to."


"You work for the vampires," she says.


"I work for that one," you say, nodding towards Count Grey. "The others killed him, and now they want to kill me... and you. We're on the same side here, understood?"


The girl pauses, before slowly nodding. 


"If I let you up, you won't try anything?" you ask.


"Give me my knife," she replies.


"I can't trust you," you say.


"I can't trust you either," she says.


You sigh, before handing the knife back. She grabs it from your, staring at her reflection in the blade for a brief moment, looking as if contemplating attacks, before looking at you.


"What's the plan?" she asks.


"I don't know. We need to... Haygarth," you say. "We need to find him. He should be in the stables. He knows this place better than anyone. He'll have keys, know secret tunnels, know everything."


"Let's go, then," Dasha says.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk into the sacrificial chambers. You walk over to Count Grey, who has a deep wound going through his chest and lies on the ground. You step over the blood-filled grooves of the floor, walking over to him. You drop to a knee, checking his pulse, before mentally hitting yourself for being so stupid. He's undead. You pull back his eyelids, revealing dull, lifeless black eyes. You quickly pat him down, finding only a curved ebony dagger and some Leu on him, which you take. You gently pat his cold head as a matter of respect, or perhaps more likely to comfort yourself. The terrifying menace who has controlled the region for over a thousand years is dead. He was your master, your mentor and your liege.


"Good fucking riddance. He was a cold, sociopathic cunt," you say aloud, a part of you still terrified to say it, somehow expecting him to wake up and tear out your throat.


You stand, looking around. There's the doorway to the lower floors, where you,,,


A girl charges out from your blind side, holding up a dagger.
> You attempt to negotiate
"Wait! Look," you say, holding up your hands in defense.


The girl slashes her knife, cutting open the palms of your hands as blood spurts out and you yelp in pain. The girl slams into you, jabbing her knife directly into your throat. Blood spurts out in even more gallons, as you choke on your own blood as the girl repeatedly stabs you in a mixture of anger and terror.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You burst towards the wooden door, unlatching it and opening it so Lucas and Mikhail can topple in. You quickly close the door behind them, seeing the eyes of one of the beasts as as it desperately stares at you with the rage of a hungry and stuck lion. You lock the door as it's weight smashes into the hard wood with enough force to splinter it.


"There's not supposed to be that many! There's not that fucking many!" Lucas says.


"There must be every cursed wretch under the moon's gaze," you mutter.


Mikhail spits blood onto his chest.


"Christ..." he groans, as Lucas chuckles.


"Oh dear brother, Count Grey would tear your throat out if he heard you mutter that fucker's name here," Lucas smiles. "Samuel, help me. We need to get Mikhail to the medical bay."


"Can't you handle him? I need to go warn Count Grey and the viceroys," you say.


"Yes, sure," Lucas says, grabbing Mikhail and putting his arm over his shoulder.


He walks towards medical bay, as you quickly hurry up the stairs to the sacrificial chambers. You walk upstairs quickly, heading through the lounge. You reach the door to the sacrificial chambers, before pausing. You can hear whispered voices inside, almost drowned out by the roars of the werewolves outside. How has Count Grey not noticed the attack? Why is he still in the sacrificial chambers? You tilt your head forward, and you think you can make out the words if you try hard enough.
> You enter the room
You walk into the room, and are immediately faced with a shocking scene. Count Grey kneels on the ground in the center of the pentagram, his face covered with blood. Viceroy Draven stands over him, his sword pointed at the older vampire's chest he smiles, looking at his prey. Viceroy Alexa stands to the side, leaning against the wall as she drinks from a crystal bottle filled with the scarlet blood of one of Count Grey's many victims. Viceroy Mihrab stands over his former master, his sharp fingernails pressed against Count Grey's neck, an ornately carved wooden stake in his hands.


In an instant, all four vampire's look at you, surprised.


"He escaped the wolves. Impressive," Viceroy Alexa says.


Viceroy Mihrab's eyes narrow, as he plunges the stake into Count Grey's hearts.


"Get him," he commands.
> You run
You turn, sprinting away as the vampires give chase. You have a clear shot through the main hall and out into the courtyard, where you can lock the heavy wooden doors and keep him locked inside. You could head through the lounge and into the armory to find something capable of killing these beasts. Finally, you could head down the small, spiraling staircase and lose them in the lower floors.
> You head into the courtyard
You sprint forward, past the coat rack and into the entry hall. You grab the wooden door, quickly lifting the metal bar up with a heart-filled with adrenaline, and swinging the door open, shutting it behind you.


A massive bundle of flesh and fur smashes into you, shattering your bones. You painfully smash into the ground, looking up to see a massive, white werewolf sitting atop your broken body. It stares down at you, it's blood red eyes filled with an animalistic hunger, devoid of any sentience beyond that of the wolf it's body has morphed to imitate. 


You close your eyes. Thankfully, this beast doesn't like to play with its food, and finishes you quickly.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You turn, sprinting away as the vampires give chase. You have a clear shot through the main hall and out into the courtyard, where you can lock the heavy wooden doors and keep him locked inside. You could head through the lounge and into the armory to find something capable of killing these beasts. Finally, you could head down the small, spiraling staircase and lose them in the lower floors.
> You head into the armory
You sprint forward, turning towards the armory. You run desperately, but the vampires are faster. You feel your legs knocked away, hurtling to the ground. You smack painfully into the stone floor, yelping as Alexa plunges a dagger into your chest. You yell as it pierces your lungs, coughing blood onto your face. Alexa smiles, licking the blood off your lips, before biting down on your neck and draining the very life source from you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You turn, sprinting away as the vampires give chase. You have a clear shot through the main hall and out into the courtyard, where you can lock the heavy wooden doors and keep him locked inside. You could head through the lounge and into the armory to find something capable of killing these beasts. Finally, you could head down the small, spiraling staircase and lose them in the lower floors.
> You head downstairs
You turn, heading down to the staircase. Unfortunately, hurtling down a tight, steep staircase at breakneck speeds leads to you quickly slipping, tumbling face first down. You bounce off the steps, feeling your bones break, before your head lands awkwardly and your neck snaps like a twig.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk into the room, and are immediately faced with a shocking scene. Count Grey kneels on the ground in the center of the pentagram, his face covered with blood. Viceroy Draven stands over him, his sword pointed at the older vampire's chest he smiles, looking at his prey. Viceroy Alexa stands to the side, leaning against the wall as she drinks from a crystal bottle filled with the scarlet blood of one of Count Grey's many victims. Viceroy Mihrab stands over his former master, his sharp fingernails pressed against Count Grey's neck, an ornately carved wooden stake in his hands.


In an instant, all four vampire's look at you, surprised.


"He escaped the wolves. Impressive," Viceroy Alexa says.


Viceroy Mihrab's eyes narrow, as he plunges the stake into Count Grey's hearts.


"Get him," he commands.
> You attack
You raise your rifle, firing at Viceroy Mihrab. He easily sidesteps with inhuman speed, as Viceroy Alexa and Viceroy Draven charge you. Draven is faster, swinging his sword. You manage to duck under it, feeling it hack at your scalp, before he kicks your legs away. Your smack into the hard, cold stone floor, as Alexa grabs your neck, quickly snapping it.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk into the room, and are immediately faced with a shocking scene. Count Grey kneels on the ground in the center of the pentagram, his face covered with blood. Viceroy Draven stands over him, his sword pointed at the older vampire's chest he smiles, looking at his prey. Viceroy Alexa stands to the side, leaning against the wall as she drinks from a crystal bottle filled with the scarlet blood of one of Count Grey's many victims. Viceroy Mihrab stands over his former master, his sharp fingernails pressed against Count Grey's neck, an ornately carved wooden stake in his hands.


In an instant, all four vampire's look at you, surprised.


"He escaped the wolves. Impressive," Viceroy Alexa says.


Viceroy Mihrab's eyes narrow, as he plunges the stake into Count Grey's hearts.


"Get him," he commands.
> You surrender
You raise your hands, dropping to your knees as you put your hands behind your head.


"Please, have mercy," you beg.


Viceroy Alexa sprints up to you with a blur, stopping behind you as she pulls out a curved dagger.


"How... boring. How did you even survive here?" she asks.


With that, she slashes your throat open. You clutch at your bleeding throat, collapsing forward.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Come on, you shout," running towards the village.


Your hands push tree branches out of the way as you leave the path, almost tripping as your legs catch in the undergrowth, but manage to keep going. You stumble into the village, grabbing the corner of the house to steady yourself, as the werewolves charge into the village. Thankfully, a few peasants have been caught with their doors barely barricaded. The werewolves smash through hastily nailed planks and into the huts inside to devour a feast of flesh, bone, brains and organs. You hear horrified screams as the beasts get distracted and begin to tear apart the poor souls who have been left inside.


"Ah!" Mikhail screams, as one of the more focused hunters knocks him to the ground with its claw.


"Shit, Mikhail! Samuel, cover me!" Lucas says, skidding to a halt to help his brother.
> You leave them
You keep running, as Lucas swears loudly, cursing your name. You keep running, twisting your head back as you see the werewolf biting into Mikhail's throat. Lucas aims his gun, but clearly seeing the blood streaming from his throat, turns and follows you. As the werewolves are distracted with their prey, you continue sprinting towards the tower. 


Unfortunately, you see one of the werewolves stand in the center of the village. It's larger than the others, its fur white and its eyes red. It stares at you for a second, before it lets out a powerful, booming howl. The other werewolves emerge from the buildings, blood matting their fur and dripping from their claws. The Alpha Male drops to all fours and begins sprinting away towards you, followed by the others.


"Shit! Shit! Shit!" Lucas says as he nears you, as you see the castle.


You sprint, the only noise being your heavy panting and the thudding of boots and clawed feet on the earth. You reach the castle, sprinting through the gates and past the carriages parked there. You see the portcullis' control wheel to your left, and the heavy wooden door to the keep to your right.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sigh, drawing your knife as Lucas smiles.


"If you're going to lead to someone's death, at least have the fucking balls to be the one who uses the knife," he says.


Lucas walks over to the next girl, as you walk up to one. She tries to struggle, but you grab her by the hair, holding her vulnerable throat out and slicing it open with a long cut, before slowly lowering her head to above the grove. Lucas grabs the next girl by the hair, holding her forward and quickly slashing her throat as the blood pours out. You walk to the next one, quickly driving the sword through her neck, slicing open her fleshy throat and letting her bleed into the groove.


"Watch them die, Mikhail. You choose for this to happen. Whether you want to actually hold the knife or watch, you're a fucking monster. We all are. At least, we're willing to fulfill our role."


"Lucas! Mikhail! Samuel! Come down here!" Count Grey asks. "Quickly!"


"We need to go," Mikhail says, quickly turning and heading towards the door.


You quickly hurry towards the main hall, walking down the spiraling stairs. Count Grey stands there, alongside his three Viceroys, and Haygarth rushing to put away coats.


Viceroy Draven is a tall,well-muscled man. He has long, curly black hair, and instead of the black attire of the other three, he instead dons  steel plated armor which covers  him from the neck down.  A sword hangs by his side. From what you know, he's almost five hundred years old, once being and most likely still remaining a formidable warrior. He looks at you, his eyes narrowing as he stares at you. He lets out a low, guttural growling at the sight of you. Even after years of work around Count Grey, the man manages to make you feel like little more than a blood bag.


The second, Viceroy Mihrab, is even older, almost as old as Count Grey. His skin seems unusually tight,  a light brown in complex, his face sunken, his eyes lacking any emotion whatsoever. He wears dark attire, his eyes glancing in your direction away for a second, before peering away with disinterest. He doesn't appear to be armed, but with the long, sharp fingernails on his hand that at that length qualify as swords as well as long fangs, he doesn't need them.


The final Viceroy, Alexa, is the only woman of te group. She wears a black hooded cloak, her pale, scarred face underneath, with unnaturally long fangs even for one of her kind to halfway down towards her chin. She leans against the wall, looking at you without a single noise. She stares at you like a starved wolf. Something tells you that of all those present, she's the biggest threat. 


"Yes, master?" Mikhail says, standing up straight.


"Werewolves spotted on Hangman's Trail," he says. "They're amassing. Perhaps for a strike."


You pause, and can hear the distant howls of what lies between monsters and men.


"We'll push them back, sir," Mikhail nods. 


Mikhail turns away, and quickly begins heading to the armory. You follow, and you all quickly descend the stairs to the armory. You walk inside, grabbing a padded leather duster and slinging it over. You grab a rifle, as well as several magazines of silver bullets, popping them in a satchel that you put over your head. 


Now suitably armed, you grab a lantern, walking out towards the main hall. The Vampires have left, no doubt to partake in some drinks, discuss future plans, before beginning the ritual and, imbued with a power that grows as the blood moan rises, slaughtering dozens of helpless villagers.


You walk out the hall doors, pushing the door open and entering the dark night. You walk along the earth, passing the gate, which for some reason has been left open, one of the Viceroy's carriages sitting under the raised portcullis.


"Should we move it so we can drop the portcullis?" you ask.


"And piss off Count Grey and whoever owns this carriage? No fucking chance," Lucas says.


As you leave and wander off into the trees. Soon, the only sound is the crunching of leaves under foot and your breathing.


"Control your breathing. Deep breaths. Watch your foot placement as well as the path in front of you. Avoid twigs and try leaves. We're trying to hunt, best be quiet about it," Lucas says. "The man's most definitely untrustworthy and cruel, but he knows how to hunt.


You take his advise, holding the lantern out to illuminate the path ahead. You see a shape move to your right, and stop, immediately twisting to aim.


"Contract, left side!" you whisper.


"Just a deer, stay focused!" Lucas whispers. "This is a fucking hunting trail, of course there's deer around!"


You keep moving, you gun raised in your one hand, propped in the crook of your shoulder to allow you to aim. 


The beam of your light comes across a deer lying on the ground. It's belly has been ripped to shreds, entrails covering the earth around it and soaking it with bodily fluids. It's head, connected to its body by a few strands of sinew and muscle, lies in the grass at the edge of the path, two lifeless eyes staring towards the stars. 


"It's fresh, look out!" Lucas growls, as you immediately turn. You see a form rush through the undergrowth, aiming at it, but it's gone before your finger can even tighten on the trigger. 


A growling comes from the trees to your left, and you swing your rifle over to aim at the beast. They're faster than usual. They're not supposed to be this fast. It must be that fucking moon!


A howl comes from your right, and you drop your lantern to aim, catching a glance of blood-matted fur and a flash of white teeth. The beasts don't seem to bee going for the attack, rather endlessly circling, toying with you. None of you have even had the chance to fire a shot.


Suddenly you see one of them, basked in the red glow of the moon, dead in the center of the path. This one stands directly there, hunched over and staring at you, clearly not scared in the slightest. It's abnormally large, not even wearing the tattered remains of clothes, covered in patches of fur. it's head is malformed, it's jaws filled with teeth that barely fit in its mouth, crushed into somewhat of a snout. It's hungry eyes stare at you, as it lets out a low growl.
> You wait
You wait, keeping the monster in your sights, but knowing there's as many off to the side, waiting to strike and wipe you out to the last man. The creature growls, clearly impatient. Suddenly, it arches it's head back, looking up at the crimson moon, and letting our a powerful, ear-splitting howl.


Suddenly, the monsters are upon you. A wall of fur, muscles, teeth and claws strikes, a wave of death. You twist, firing your gun, grabbing the bolt and pulling it back, but before you have the chance, a clawed hand grabs you, willing you throw the air and into a tree. You yell as your back breaks against the tree. Before you can even scream, your throat is tore open by a mouthful of sharp canines.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You swing your fist, smashing into the side of the girl's head, as she crumples to her knees. She lets out a pained moan through her gag, and as blood trickles down the side of her face, her eyes fill with fear. You pull on her chain again and she follows. You quickly lead the two along the hallway, before up the stairs, into the "church". You hear Count Grey's dark, cold, emotionless voice from the main hall.


"Welcome, Viceroys. Did you decide to come together, or simply met on the road here?"


"Coincidence, my lord," another far deeper voice booms, one more filled with malice and hatred than Count Grey's.


"Good, good. Haygarth!" Count Grey shouts.


"Yes, yes master?" Haygarth's voice comes back from the stables.


"Come, fetch the Viceroy's coats!"


"Yes, yes sir!" Haygarth says, quickly hurrying to them.


You turn your attention back to the task at hand. In front of you in a large, open stone room. Groves cover the stone floor, making the shape of a large pentagram. Lucas' two prisoners are kneeling at two of the points of the pentagram chained to a loop in the stone to prevent them from moving, while Dasha lies at the third, her unconscious state meaning she doesn't need to be chained up. 


"Come on," you say, raising your fist to threaten the second girl. You force her to kneel on the ground and chain her to the loop in the ground. You drag the first girl to the other, doing the same.


Mikhail and Lucas stand off to the side, watching them. Mikhail looks down, looking vaguely embarrassed at his part in this. Lucas, however, seems ecstatic. He walks forward, grinning as he draws his dagger.


"Oh boy, look at that!" he says, dropping to his knees in front of a girl. "Look at that. You see the pentagram? You see those deep, thick groves? I'm going to fill them with your blood. You like that? You ready?"


The girl frantically begins to struggle, as Lucas smiles. Lucas slices the girl's throat open, as blood pours out, flooding into the grove and running along. The girl gurgles as blood pours through her throat, and Lucas lets the head fall to the ground over the grove, letting the blood pour out into it.


"Mikhail, come on, we need this ready for the Viceroys and Count Grey!" he says.


"I am not a butcher," Mikhail says softly, as Lucas' eyes narrow.


"Don't fucking take the high road. You drugged every whore here, knowing it was all so we'd slit there throats here. You're as much a murderer as I am."


Mikhail looks to the ground, opening his mouth as if to say something, but closing it just as quickly.


"That's what I thought. Samuel, grab your knife, let's get to work."
> You let Lucas kill them all
You stare at Lucas wordlessly, who frowns. Lucas works to the next girl angrily, kicking her in the back of head to force her above the grove. He grabs her by the hair, holding her forward and quickly slashing her throat as the blood pours out. He walks to the next one, who at this point is frantically trying to escape. Lucas stabs her through the throat multiple times, as blood spurts to the ground. 


"Watch them die, cowards. You choose for this to happen. Whether you want to actually hold the knife or watch, you're fucking monsters. We all are. At least, I'm proud of myself."


Lucas walks over the second last girl, putting the knife to her throat. The girl struggles desperately, but the chains stop her from resisting


"Lucas! Mikhail! Samuel! Come down here!" Count Grey asks. "Quickly!"


"We need to go," Mikhail says, quickly turning and heading towards the door.


Lucas shrugs, slicing open the girl's throat and letting her head fall and knock against the cold stone. He quickly hurries towards Count Grey, and you follow. You quickly hurry towards the main hall, walking down the spiraling stairs. Count Grey stands there, alongside his three Viceroys, and Haygarth rushing to put away coats.


Viceroy Draven is a tall, large man covered with heavy muscles. He has long, curly black hair, and instead of the black attire of the other three, wears steel plated armor covering him from the neck down, with a sword hanging by his side. From what you know, he's almost five hundred years, once being and most likely still remaining a formidable warrior. He looks at you, his eyes narrowing as he stares at you. He lets out a low, guttural growling at the sight of you, and even after years of work around Count Grey, the man manages to make you feel like little more than a blood bag.


The second, Viceroy Mihrab, is even older, almost as old as Count Grey. His skin seems unusually tight,  a light brown in complex, his face sunken, his eyes lacking any emotion whatsoever. He wears dark attire, his eyes glancing in your direction away for a second, before peering away with disinterest. He doesn't appear to be armed, but with the long, sharp fingernails on his hand that at that length qualify as swords as well as long fangs, he doesn't need them.


The final Viceroy, Alexa, is the only woman of the group. She wears a black hooded cloak, her pale, scarred face underneath, with unnaturally long fangs even for one of her kind to halfway down towards her chin. She leans against the wall, looking at you without a single noise. She stares at you like a starved wolf. Something tells you that of all those there, she's the biggest threat. 


"Yes, master?" Mikhail says, standing up straight.


"Werewolves spotted on Hangman's Trail," he says. "They're amassing. Perhaps for a strike."


You pause, and can hear the distant howls of what lies between monsters and men.


"We'll push them back, sir," Mikhail nods. 


Mikhail turns away, and quickly begins heading to the armory. You follow, and you all quickly descend the stairs to the armory. You walk inside, grabbing a padded leather duster and slinging it over. You grab a rifle, as well as several magazines of silver bullets, popping them in a satchel that you put over your head. 


Now suitably armed, you grab a lantern, walking out towards the main hall. The Vampires have left, no doubt to partake in some drinks, discuss future plans, before beginning the ritual and, imbued with a power that grows as the blood moan rises, slaughtering dozens of helpless villagers.


You walk out the hall doors, pushing the door open and entering the dark night. You walk along the earth, passing the gate, which for some reason has been left open, one of the Viceroy's carriages sitting under the raised portcullis.


"Should we move it so we can drop the portcullis?" you ask.


"And piss off Count Grey and whoever owns this carriage? No fucking chance," Lucas says.


As you leave and wander off into the trees. Soon, the only sound is the crunching of leaves under foot and your breathing.


"Control your breathing. Deep breaths. Watch your foot placement as well as the path in front of you. Avoid twigs and try leaves. We're trying to hunt, best be quiet about it," Lucas says. "The man's most definitely untrustworthy and cruel, but he knows how to hunt.


You take his advise, holding the lantern out to illuminate the path ahead. You see a shape move to your right, and stop, immediately twisting to aim.


"Contract, left side!" you whisper.


"Just a deer, stay focused!" Lucas whispers. "This is a fucking hunting trail, of course there's deer around!"


You keep moving, you gun raised in your one hand, propped in the crook of your shoulder to allow you to aim. 


The beam of your light comes across a deer lying on the ground. It's belly has been ripped to shreds, entrails covering the earth around it and soaking it with bodily fluids. It's head, connected to its body by a few strands of sinew and muscle, lies in the grass at the edge of the path, two lifeless eyes staring towards the stars. 


"It's fresh, look out!" Lucas growls, as you immediately turn. You see a form rush through the undergrowth, aiming at it, but it's gone before your finger can even tighten on the trigger. 


A growling comes from the trees to your left, and you swing your rifle over to aim at the beast. They're faster than usual. They're not supposed to be this fast. It must be that fucking moon!


A howl comes from your right, and you drop your lantern to aim, catching a glance of blood-matted fur and a flash of white teeth. The beasts don't seem to bee going for the attack, rather endlessly circling, toying with you. None of you have even had the chance to fire a shot.


Suddenly you see one of them, basked in the red glow of the moon, dead in the center of the path. This one stands directly there, hunched over and staring at you, clearly not scared in the slightest. It's abnormally large, not even wearing the tattered remains of clothes, covered in patches of fur. it's head is malformed, it's jaws filled with teeth that barely fit in its mouth, crushed into somewhat of a snout. It's hungry eyes stare at you, as it lets out a low growl. It's trying to bait you into striking. Still, maybe this is the best chance you're getting.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The coach drives inside the huge gates of the huge castle, as the sky turns gold and twilight fills the world with a beautiful feeling of serenity. The coach pulls into the stables, where Haygarth immediately gets to work with the horses. Mikhail opens the coach door, putting Dasha over his shoulder and walking towards the keep. You follow him, as does Lucas, walking alongside him as Dasha stirs with a groan, but doesn't break her slumber.


You walk into the keep, and quickly down to the dungeons. The large dungeon is covered with an earth floor, and four occupied cells. Four women, all of similar age and appearance to Dasha, all whose names you've forgotten, are there. Their mouths are gagged, though they scream desperately as they see you enter. Mikhail mutters a curse under his breath as he tries not to make eye contact with the women, but Lucas smiles and cheerfully waves at women. Mikhail carries Dasha to an empty cell, opening it and laying her gently on the cot inside. He locks the cell behind him, and looks at you both.


"The sun is down. Should we wake him?" Mikhail asks.


"Leave him. It's late. We'll wake him in an hour," Lucas says.


You nod, turning and walking away from the twins. You head up the stone staircase towards the kitchen. Despite the fact that this building is around a thousand years old, it's surprisingly well furnished. Count Grey has kept the house furnished with modern technology, one of the bonuses of controlling a tiny pocket of land and resources. As long as King Carol I got his taxes, he left Count Grey do as he pleased.


You open a cabinet, taking out a somewhat stale sugar cookie and biting into it. You make yourself a sandwich from cold meat, nuts and dates, and quietly consume it, while watching as the world blackens. Just as you see the first red haze on the horizon of the rising blood moon, you quickly turn and head quickly down to the Count's chambers. You hurry down the stairs, quickly heading to the lowest floor, at the center of the castle. Mikhail is already waiting in the dark room, empty except for a single, candle-adored coffin leaning against the stone wall.


The coffin in intricate, a large, black wooden coffin with an intricate, thorny pattern, and a single silver, demonic face with a roaring mouth with a pair of fangs on the front. You can feel the dark feeling emanating from it. It makes you feel cold just looking at it, and you shudder at the thought of what lies inside. Nonetheless, it is your duty to awaken your master.


Lucas hurries into the room,, dropping his cigarette and crushing it under his heel. He looks at both of you.


"Oh good, we're all here. Let's do it, shall we?" Lucas says.


"Which one of us wakes him tonight?" you say.


Lucas smiles, holding up his bandaged wrist.


"I did yesterday."


Mikhail shows you the two-day old cut on his upper arm You draw your dagger, pressing it against your forearm and gently slicing it open. You take in a deep breath as you feel the sharp pain. Blood pours down your arm, and your press the open cut into the roaring mouth of the silver ideal, smearing it with blood. You count to three, before leaning in.


"Glorious Master, the night has come and the world is yours," you whisper.


You step back as the coffin door is pushed open. Inside stands the Count. Dried blood cakes the corners of his mouth, as he lets out a growl, flashing his long, curved fangs, that look sharper than a needle. His black, soulless eyes peer into yours, as you take a deep breath. You outstretch your arm, and he walks forward, grabbing you by the wrist. He brings your arm to his mouth, and begins to suck. He sucks the blood that pumps from your cut as you wince, before releasing you. Mikhail hands you a roll of bandage, which you quickly begin wrapping them around your wound. Count Grey walks away from you, strolling towards the lounge. He walks up the stone stairs, before heading to the glass window. He stares out at the darkness, and the rising red moon.


"Good... good..." he says. "Prepare altar. The Viceroys will be here soon."


You nod eagerly, and quickly head down to the dungeons, followed by the others. The gagged woman are in the cells, curled up and terrified. Dasha is still unconscious, which gives you pause.


"The new girl, Dasha, look at her," you say.


"What of her?" Lucas asks.


"She's still not awake. Maybe you used too much chloroform, Mikhail," you say.


"No, I used the normal amount. Maybe she had a medical condition," Mikhail says.


"Who the fuck cares?" Lucas asks.


"What if she's dead? We'll be one victim short? Do you want to be the sacrifice?" you say.


Lucas pauses, opening the cell and walking towards her. He drops to his knee, putting a hand against her chest.


"She's breathing. Just unconscious. The idiot must've used too much chloroform. She's alive, she'll do, alright?"


Mikhail shrugs, slinging the girl over his shoulder. Lucas opens the two other cells, grabbing the women inside and pulling them along by their hair. The girls are shackled, so they're incapable of struggling much, but any resistance leads quickly to a punch to the side of the head.


"Samuel, get the last two!" Lucas shouts.


You grab the cell keys, walking over. One of the girl stares at you with rage, the other sits in the back corner in terror. You open the scared girl's cell first, grabbing her by her chain. You drag her out of the cell, before opening the second cell and grabbing the more resistant girl.


"Don't fight me on this. You're not going to win this, and I don't want to hurt you," you say.


You pull on the second girl's chain, but she plants her feet down and stares at you.
> You drag her to the chambers
You grit your teeth, pulling tightly on the chain and dragging her forward. She tries to resist, but you're simply stronger, and she's forced to follow. You slowly lead the two along the hallway, up the stairs, and  into the "church". You hear Count Grey's dark, cold, emotionless voice from the main hall.


"Welcome, Viceroys. Did you decide to come together, or simply met on the road here?"


"Coincidence, my lord," another far deeper voice booms, one more filled with malice and hatred than Count Grey's.


"Good, good. Haygarth!" Count Grey shouts.


"Yes, yes master?" Haygarth's voice comes back from the stables.


"Come, fetch the Viceroy's coats!"


"Yes, yes sir!" Haygarth says, quickly hurrying to them.


You turn your attention back to the task at hand. In front of you in a large, open stone room. Groves cover the stone floor, making the shape of a large pentagram. Lucas' two prisoners are kneeling at two of the points of the pentagram chained to a loop in the stone to prevent them from moving, while Dasha lies at the third, her unconscious state meaning she doesn't need to be chained up. 


"Come on," you say, dragging the second girl to one of the pentagram's points. You force her to kneel on the ground and chain her to the loop in the ground. You drag the first girl to the other, doing the same.


Mikhail and Lucas stand off to the side, watching them. Mikhail looks down, looking vaguely embarrassed at his part in this. Lucas, however, seems ecstatic. He walks forward, grinning as he draws his dagger.


"Oh boy, look at that!" he says, dropping to his knees in front of a girl. "Look at that. You see the pentagram? You see those deep, thick groves? I'm going to fill them with your blood. You like that? You ready?"


The girl frantically begins to struggle, as Lucas smiles. Lucas slices the girl's throat open, as blood pours out, flooding into the grove and running along. The girl gurgles as blood pours through her throat, and Lucas lets the head fall to the ground over the grove, letting the blood pour out into it.


"Mikhail, come on, we need this ready for the Viceroys and Count Grey!" he says.


"I am not a butcher," Mikhail says softly, as Lucas' eyes narrow.


"Don't fucking take the high road. You drugged every whore here, knowing it was all so we'd slit there throats here. You're as much a murderer as I am."


Mikhail looks to the ground, opening his mouth as if to say something, but closing it just as quickly.


"That's what I thought. Samuel, grab your knife, let's get to work."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You hand over your wallet, giving them the finger as you do.


"Thanks," the skinny one smiles, grabbing it from your hand as he smacks you in the head with the gun, knocking you to the floor.


"What are you doing?" the big one asks. "We don't need to kill him! We got the wallet!"


You look up to see the barrel of the gun pointing directly at your head.


"You heard what he said. He's with the count. If we kill him now, the count won't come after us!" the skinny one knows. "He's seen our faces."


"He doesn't know our names," the big one says.


"I'm Lucas. That's Mikhail," the skinny one said.


"What the fuck!?" the big one, Mikhail replies.


"We have to kill him. Now even you'd agree to that," Lucas says.


"Always kill your prey. You don't want to let them come back and bite you in the throat," a voice says.


Count Grey steps from the shadows, his teeth curved in a grin, his fangs prominent. He grabs Lucas' gun arm, twisting it until Lucas drops the gun. Mikhail charges with a knife, but with a quick, well-planted punch to the chest sends him to the floor, badly winded. You stand up, grabbing the gun as well as drawing your own, pointing one at each of the thieves.


"What, are you some fucking cowboy with your guns? Shoot, come on!" Lucas says, even though his bottom lip is quivering.


"Tell me, Samuel. How did they manage to jump you?" Count Grey asks, tracing a finger down Lucas' nose.


"I was pissing," you admit.


"Hmmm... tell me, where is your family?" Count Grey asks, turning his attention to the teens.


"Dead," Lucas answers.


"Well then, you've shown balls, willingness to kill and the ability to ambush. Perhaps... Samuel, you were the one mugged. What happened? Were you behaving stupidly and ambushed by some lackluster fools, or are these two deserving of becoming ghouls?"
> You suggest you were unprepared and the teens are undeserving of becoming ghouls
"No. I was just unprepared," you say. "These thieves are nothing special."


"So be..." Count Grey says, before Mikhail grabs your leg, flipping you onto your back.


Count Grey steps back as he watches you struggle on the ground with Mikhail. Your guns bounce across the stones and land a few feet away, barely in arms reach. Lucas immediately goes for the guns, as Mikhail puts his hands around your throats and begins to strangle.
> You go for the gun
You reach for the gun, as both you and Lucas immediately grab it. You try to rip the gun from his hands, but Mikhail's massive, strong hands choke the life out of you. His hands crush your throat with it's powerful squeezing, and the life is wringed out of you as you desperately try to get one last breath. The world goes dark, as you let out a final croak.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"No. I was just unprepared," you say. "These thieves are nothing special."


"So be..." Count Grey says, before Mikhail grabs your leg, flipping you onto your back.


Count Grey steps back as he watches you struggle on the ground with Mikhail. Your guns bounce across the stones and land a few feet away, barely in arms reach. Lucas immediately goes for the guns, as Mikhail puts his hands around your throats and begins to strangle.
> You focus on Mikhail
Your fingers immediately grab Mikhail's face, your thumbs going into his eyes as you begin to push your thumbs down to blind him. Mikhail releases his grip to grab your wrists and pull him away, before Lucas fires the gun. The bullet blows out the back of your head, staining the ground red.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk inside the tavern by yourself, feeling the weight of your Leu-filled wallet in your side pocket. You walk along, and immediately garner the attention of everyone in the bar. Your garb makes it immediately clear to anyone but the most ignorant or simply stupid of the peasants that you're a servant of Count Grey. The tavern quickly clears out, heading to their various homes, leaving only a few idiots too old and stubborn or young and cocky to realize staying near you is death. 


You toss a crumpled note on the counter, looking up at the bar tender expectantly. Soon, you find yourself drinking a pint, a plate of chicken, boiled potatoes and cabbage in front of you. You smile, eating it up eagerly, downing the pint in a few gulps. You belch loudly, smiling as you find yourself now filled with food, warm and content.


"Where's the bathroom?" you ask, feeling the need to piss rising as your full bladder demands you act.


"Bathroom's broken. Go outside," the bar-tender replies.


You raise an eyebrow, tapping on your hat.


"Do you know who I am? Who I work for?" you ask.


"I do. If he shows up here, I'm as happy to show him the broken toilet as I am you."


You sigh, standing and walking outside into the alley. You unzip your trousers and pull out your dick, pissing onto the side of the old building.


Suddenly, the cold blade of a knife is pressed against your throat.


"Don't move," a deep voice whispers. "Hands in the air."


"Do you expect me to let go of my dick and piss on myself?" you ask, more annoyed than scared.


"Finish up," the voice says.


You finish pissing, popping your genitalia back in your trousers, buttoning it up, and slowly turn to face your attack. Two teens, barely fifteen by the looks of it, both with short blond hair, one skinny, on large and muscular, stare at you. The skinny one holds a pistol, while the big one holds the knife pressed against your throat.


"What's this about, gents? Revenge?" you ask, knowing just how many family's want your blood for taking their daughter's.


"What? We don't know you," the big one says. 


"The wallet. Now," the skinny one says.


You pause, frowning.


"Are you seriously fucking telling me you've decided to mug me?" you ask, surprised.


"Why the fuck wouldn't we?" the big one asks, pushing you against the wall as the skinny one draws his own knife with his left hand, strolling forward to press the barrel against your temple.


"Wallet. Now," he says.


"Fucking idiots. You don't recognize the outfit, eh? I'm a fucking Ghoul, Count Grey's personal assistant."


The big one looks at the skinny one nervously.


"Maybe we should let him go," the big one asks.


"He's bluffing," the skinny one says, licking his lips. "Ghouls... ghouls are rotten, aren't they?"


"The sun's down, boys. Count Grey's due to wake..."


"Shut it! Wallet, now!" the skinny one commands.
> You attack
You grab the pistol, forcing it skyward as the skinny one pulls the trigger, the bullet ricocheting off the wall. The big one thrusts his knife forward, stabbing into your throat repeatedly, slicing open your throat and sending a wave of blood to run down your chest. You let out a pained gurgle, before collapsing to the ground.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Haygarth, be fair here. Do you really want to go back to the castle to have to cook for us? We could quickly get some grub, some drinks, and then head back to the castle. Right?"


"Don't like leaving carriage. There's always pointing, laughing, staring," Haygarth says, pulling his balaclava up to the bridge of his nose. "Fine. I'll pull in. You go eat. I'll wait here, eat something when I get home," he says.


The carriage pulls in alongside a tavern, as you look to Haygarth, who looks fairly pathetic as he attempts to cover his mishapen form.
> You attempt to convince Haygarth to come in
"Haygarth, it's cold, it's been a long day, you must be starving and desperate for a drink. Come on, Haygarth, let's go inside."


"Fine," Haygarth says, nodding as he climbs off his spot. "Five minutes."
> You enter the tavern
You walk inside the tavern by yourself, feeling the weight of your Leu-filled wallet in your side pocket,. You walk alongside a nervous Haygarth, and immediately garner the attention of everyone in the bar. Your garb makes it immediately clear to anyone but the most ignorant or simply stupid of the peasants that you're a servant of Count Grey. The tavern quickly clears out, heading to their various homes, leaving only a few idiots too old and stubborn or young and cocky to realize staying near you is death. 


You toss a crumpled note on the counter, looking up at the bar tender expectantly.


"Everyone's staring," Haygarth says, nervously.


"Everyone either left, is drunk as fuck or is trying to appear tough while stopping from pissing themselves," you reply.


Soon, you find yourself drinking a pint, a plate of chicken, boiled potatoes and cabbage in front of you, as Haygarth does likewise. You smile, eating it up eagerly, downing the pint in a few gulps. You belch loudly, as Haygarth mutters a complaint. You grin, finding yourself now filled with food, warm and content.


"Where's the bathroom?" you ask, feeling the need to piss rising as your full bladder demands you act.


"Bathroom's broken. Go outside," the bar-tender replies.


You raise an eyebrow, tapping on your hat.


"Do you know who I am? Who I work for?" you ask.


"I do. If he shows up here, I'm as happy to show him the broken toilet as I am you."


"Fuck you," you say, before turning to Haygarth. "Back in a sec, I need to piss."


"Have haste! The master awaits!" Haygarth replies.


You stand, turning and walking outside into the alley. You unzip your trousers and pull out your dick, pissing onto the side of the old building.


Suddenly, the cold blade of a knife is pressed against your throat.


"Don't move," a deep voice whispers. "Hands in the air."


"Do you expect me to let go of my dick and piss on myself?" you ask, more annoyed than scared.


"Finish up," the voice says.


You finish pissing, popping your genitalia back in your trousers, buttoning it up, and slowly turn to face your attack. Two teens, barely fifteen by the looks of it, both with short blond hair, one skinny, on large and muscular, stare at you. The skinny one holds a pistol, while the big one holds the knife pressed against your throat.


"What's this about, gents? Revenge?" you ask, knowing just how many family's want your blood for taking their daughter's.


"What? We don't know you," the big one says. 


"The wallet. Now," the skinny one says.


You pause, frowning.


"Are you seriously fucking telling me you've decided to mug me?" you ask, surprised.


"Why the fuck wouldn't we?" the big one asks, pushing you against the wall as the skinny one draws his own knife with his left hand, strolling forward to press the barrel against your temple.


"Wallet. Now," he says.


"Fucking idiots. You don't recognize the outfit, eh? I'm a fucking Ghoul, Count Grey's personal assistant."


The big one looks at the skinny one nervously.


"Maybe we should let him go," the big one asks.


"He's bluffing," the skinny one says, licking his lips. "Ghouls... ghouls are rotten, aren't they?"


"The sun's down, boys. Count Grey's due to wake..."


"Shut it! Wallet, now!" the skinny one commands<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sit in the shotgun seat of a carriage with Haygarth at the reins. It's been a long journey. You have to venture to meet with King Ferdinand I in order to arrange taxation laws and other things you haven't been educated well enough to understand. You're finally entering the territory under Count Grey's control, staring out at the village you're entering as the sun falls in the distance.


"Stop here," you say. "I want to grab a bite to eat."


"We must be home soon!" Haygarth says. "Count Grey's in the back, he might wake up soon. Sun's almost gone."


You're hungry, thirsty and you've been traveling for the past three days. There's no way in hell you're going back to the castle for Haygarth to cook up his famous soup, which you're certain he's literally shitting in. 
> You force Haygath to stop
"Haygarth," you snarl, drawing a pistol from your side. "If you really want me to pistol-whip you into submission, I'm willing to do so."


Haygarth sighs, before nodding.


"Fine, fine, but be quick about it!"


The carriage pulls in alongside a tavern, as you look to Haygarth, who looks fairly pathetic as he attempts to cover his mishapen form.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You awake to the prick of fangs against your neck. You don't move, taking in a deep breath.


"You looked so... so appetizing. Let's go. We need to finish the last stage of your path towards becoming a true apprentice."


You nod, standing. You make your way down to the prison cell, where the girl still waits. She looks up, terrified.


"What... what is to be done with her?" you gulp.


"She is food. Learn that fact," your master says. 


The vampire draws a long dagger from his side, handing it to you.


"If you're going to be my Ghoul, you need to prove you're capable of preparing my food. Kill her,"


You hold the knife, staring at it as the girl begins to cry. You notice from the wet patch growing on her nightgown, she’s pissed herself once more.


“Kill her. She’s weak, you’re strong. Slice open her throat, so I can feed,” Count Grey commanded.


The girl breaks into sobs as Count Grey opens the cell door, swinging it ajar and motioning for you to enter. You nod, walking forward with the knife held tightly in your hand.
> You refuse
“I can’t do it,” you say, dropping the knife and let it collapse on the ground.


“Do you really want to make that choice?” Count Grey asks, baring his fangs. They remind you of long, curved thin ivory daggers, ready to strike at any given moment


“Yes,” you say.


“So be it,” he says. “You’ve shown courage by refusing an order. Perhaps you’re braver than expected. Fine, follow me. Lock the cell door behind you.”


You breath out a sigh of relief, closing the door and locking it with a twist of the key. You follow Count Grey along the hall. Soon, you find yourself in front of a large, wooden door. Haygarth has forbidden you from entering, which only mean that you had one less room to clean. Count Grey pulls a short, silver key from his pocket. He opens the door, revealing a massive storage room. The room is filled with cabinets and shelving units. They’re all filled with crystal bottles, filled with a scarlet red ichor.


“This castle was built to withstand a siege. It’s storerooms could keep a force here going for years with wheat, potatoes, salted meats and more, as well as small gardens. Unfortunately, I require a more… delicate solution to avoid starving.”


You look at the endless bottles of blood, wondering how many lives were given to fill them.


“It’s quite hard to successfully bottle blood. Let alone hard hard it is to get it from the victim without a needle and a few hours.”


“You want me to kill people and bottle their blood?” you gulp. “Are you willing to do that?”
> Yes
“You think so? You’re a virgin, aren’t you?”


“Yes,” you say, raising an eyebrow.


“Then I think you’re right. You will fill a few bottles,” Count Grey says.


Count Grey bursts forward, grabbing you by the neck and twisting it. His fangs fly forward, stabbing through your neck. You gasp as your blood fills his mouth. The last sensation you feel is your bleeding neck wound being pressed against the rim of an empty glass bottle.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“I can’t do it,” you say, dropping the knife and let it collapse on the ground.


“Do you really want to make that choice?” Count Grey asks, baring his fangs. They remind you of long, curved thin ivory daggers, ready to strike at any given moment


“Yes,” you say.


“So be it,” he says. “You’ve shown courage by refusing an order. Perhaps you’re braver than expected. Fine, follow me. Lock the cell door behind you.”


You breath out a sigh of relief, closing the door and locking it with a twist of the key. You follow Count Grey along the hall. Soon, you find yourself in front of a large, wooden door. Haygarth has forbidden you from entering, which only mean that you had one less room to clean. Count Grey pulls a short, silver key from his pocket. He opens the door, revealing a massive storage room. The room is filled with cabinets and shelving units. They’re all filled with crystal bottles, filled with a scarlet red ichor.


“This castle was built to withstand a siege. It’s storerooms could keep a force here going for years with wheat, potatoes, salted meats and more, as well as small gardens. Unfortunately, I require a more… delicate solution to avoid starving.”


You look at the endless bottles of blood, wondering how many lives were given to fill them.


“It’s quite hard to successfully bottle blood. Let alone hard hard it is to get it from the victim without a needle and a few hours.”


“You want me to kill people and bottle their blood?” you gulp. “Are you willing to do that?”
> No
“I thought not. You’re a virgin, aren’t you?”


“Yes,” you say, raising an eyebrow.


“Then I think you will fill a few bottles,” Count Grey says.


Count Grey bursts forward, grabbing you by the neck and twisting it. His fangs fly forward, stabbing through your neck. You gasp as your blood fills his mouth. The last sensation you feel is your bleeding neck wound being pressed against the rim of an empty glass bottle.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The coach enters the castle gate, as you climb off the coach. Haygarth lowers the portcullis, as you go to the back to open the coach. The girl sits there, staring at you in terror.


"Get out," you command.


The girl nods, crawling ahead as she gets out of the coach. You grab her by the wrist, leading her along to the coach. She doesn't talk, seemingly in shock. She doesn't say a word, instead staring at you in terror. You wonder if you should try to converse, to calm her, or keep unemotional and professional about this issue.
> You do your job without talking
You keep walking, as the girl stays compliant. She does actually smell quite strongly of perfume. You lead her quickly to the castle's dungeons. You drag her down the stairs, before leading her into a prison cell. You lock the cell door, staring at her from behind the bars. She stares blankly ahead, leaning against the wall and sliding down to lean against it, her nightgown now covered in mud and dirt.


You leave her there, now secured, and end up heading to bed for a few hours sleep before Count Grey arrives back.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Uh... the... the fi..." you stutter, tripping over your words as the vampire growls.


"Have I found myself with another fool, a boy with the mind of a mule?" the vampire says, his long, gleaning white fangs, the corners of his mouth still red with your blood. "I've had a year out of you. Perhaps it's best to finish you off now."


Count Grey slowly walks forward, snarling as his fangs poke out, looking like huge spears. 
> You run
You turn quickly, sprinting away as the vampire bursts forward, knocking your leg away and sending you tumbling forward. You smash into the ground as the vampire strikes, landing atop your fragile body.. He grabs your neck, holding your head high to expose your neck. His mouth immediately shoots forward, biting into your neck as he begins to drain you of your life force. You gasp as your blood is drained, before he stands, leaving your dead body on the ground.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sit in the shotgun seat of the coach, as Haygarth continues spurring the horses forward. You're entering the village of Nitchidorf, with Count Grey resting in the back. The carriage's wheels roll into the village, stopping as you enter the village limits. 


"Go open the doors for the Count," Haygarth says.


You nod, quickly hopping off the carriage. You run to the back of the carriage, opening it as the tall, gaunt Vampire steps out, tilting his head to stare down at you.


"Follow," he commands.


He begins walking along the street, staring at each of the houses.


"We must find you a little... playmate," Count Grey says, looking at the houses.


He sniffs the air, staring at the houses. His eyes flicker to you, filling you with dread as he licks his lips, still stained with bits of your crimson ichor, looking hungry.


"Ye-yes, master," you say, nervously.


The vampire stares at you for a second, before looking away. He seems impatient.


"Yes... I can smell two prominent ones. Tell me, Samuel, what do you think? There's a young one who smells freshly bathed and lemongrass perfume, or one that smells of fresh dough and... terror sweat. It appears the latter one can see us. Which is it, Samuel?"
> The second girl
"Uh... the... the se..." you stutter, tripping over your words as the vampire growls.


"Have I found myself with another fool, a boy with the mind of a mule?" the vampire says, his long, gleaning white fangs, the corners of his mouth still red with your blood. "I've had a year out of you. Perhaps it's best to finish you off now."


Count Grey slowly walks forward, snarling as his fangs poke out, looking like huge spears. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sit on the ground, scrubbing the cold stone floor of the Grey Castle, named as much for its cold, lifeless demeanor as much as its owner. Haygarth stands over you, watching as he makes sure you do a proper job cleaning the blood stains that cover the ground, a remainder of the last girl foolish enough to be out at night. 


So far, your job has been simple. You have little contact with Count Grey, as you work in the day and sleep at night, whilst he sleeps in the day, coming out at night to hunt, feed, plan and much more. Mostly, Haygarth forces you to work at any job he sees fit. He seems to think you're little different from a pack horse, working you as hard as them. If anything, he's feeding the pack horses better. You see your role in the castle as a servant on your more optimistic days, and as a slave on the worse ones.


"Good, good, put your back into it! Yes, that's it!" Haygarth says, as he hurries around the room, collecting pieces of clothes left over from the poor girl being brutally murdered.


"Yes, Haygarth," you reply, putting your pressure on the brush as you splash some more water to get rid of a particularly disgusting stain of a mixture of blood and urine.


Haygarth is a hard ruler, forcing you to work day and night. He's not sadistic or cruel, he just doesn't seem to understand that you're not an animal who needs a break. Hell, perhaps his only redeemable feature is the fact that he works himself even harder. As he rushes past, trying to do various chores, you can hear him angrily mutter to himself to go faster.


You finish off the stain, quickly crawling over to the next. You sigh as you realize just how much you need to clean. Your knees hurt from crawling around all day, your hands are covered in blisters, and you've done nothing but work all day. You had two ive minute breaks to cram food into your mouth, and one more to shit, and that was it. Who the fuck has only two people to keep an entire castle from falling into disrepair?


"Hurry up, boy! Use some of those strong muscles! I want to be able to see my reflection in it!"


Will he ever leave you be? The bastard can't just let you fucking work, he has to constantly remind you that you're not doing good enough? 
> You keep working
"Yes, sir," you mutter.


You continue working, as does Haygarth. It takes about half an hour before the entire place is clean. You look out the window, seeing the large moon rising in the distance.


"Yes, yes! Tonight, tonight is the night, little one!" Haygarth says. "The year of the mule is ready. Now, let's go! We must wake Count Grey!"
> You follow Haygarth
You follow Haygarth along the hallways with haste. You hurry down the stairs, quickly heading to the lowest floor, at the center of the castle, into a dark room, empty except for a single, candle-adored coffin leaning against the stone wall, and a large, black sword hanging above the coffin.


The coffin in intricate, a large, black wooden coffin with an intricate, thorny pattern, and a single silver, demonic face with a roaring mouth with a pair of fangs on the front.


The sword, on the other hand, is somehow even darker, its surface seeming to suck the very light from the room. Even staring at the thin edge makes you feel like you've been stabbed. You can practically taste the hatred and malice that emanates from it. 


"Do you feel it?" Haygarth says. "That is the master of the home. Don't be scared. It grows on you."


You feel the hairs stand up on your skin. The air tastes stale and rotten, and there's a general feeling of dread emanating from it. In a place like this, you feel even if you called on the good Lord to save you, he would be unable to find your soul in such an abyss of all warm or love, let alone rescue you from it.


"What now?" you ask.


"The Count needs blood to awaken. Be still. I'll make it as easy as possible. Just don't resist."


Haygarth gently grabs your hand, pulling it forward until your hand touches the metal.


"It... stings," you say, as it feels like your hand is both being put against a hot stove and a freezing block of ice.


"It's OK. You'll get used to it," Haygarth says, drawing an iron blade from his side. 


Haygarth presses the blade against your arm, quickly slicing a small cut in your arm.


"Ah!" you yelp.


Haygarth slowly presses your wound into the mouth as the silver demon. Blood begins to pour down the creature's mouth, as the coffin's door clicks open. Haygarth grabs you by the shoulder, pulling you back. Count Grey steps forward. He looks the same as he has every night since the night he took you, except now his lips look parched and cracked, his eyes immediately darting down to your arm.


"Thirst," he moans, staring at your wound.


Haygarth gently nudges you forward.


"The master needs to feed, Samuel. Offer up your arm."


You hold your arm forward, as Count Grey grabs it, his mouth darting down to your bleeding wound with an insane speed. You close your eyes and wait for the pain of his bite, but instead feel his cold lips on your wound, instantly beginning to suck the blood out of your arm. You take a deep breath as you go pale, Haygarth putting your arm around his shoulder to keep you from fainting. After about a minute, Count Grey stops, raising his head as he smiles.


"Good. I was thirsty. The bitch from the other night was dry, and half her blood ended up on the floors. Good thing I managed to stop myself from draining you completely," Count Grey says.


He looks up at the sword that hangs above the coffin, staring at it for a second. 


"Do you see that sword? While I like to keep up to date with my weapon technology, such as with rifles. grenades and the new and innovative Maxim Gun, in cases of the super-natural, the old stuff is the best. I've had that sword since I was a child. Forged it myself under command of my master. So many ancient, arcane inscriptions, horrid rituals and infinitely worse had to be done to make it the thing it is today. It's name is the Psychí Líptis. It is a killing machine. You will become the same."


Count Grey s walking past you, and up the stairs. 


You stand there, waiting, looking at Haygarth for what to do.


"Follow!" Count Grey's voice booms.


You quickly hurry up the stairs after him.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You scuttle forward for the gun, grabbing it. You aim it at the vampire, grabbing the trigger and pulling it tightly.


The gun explodes, sending you falling back with the recoil and smacking into the wall with a painful thud. The vampire roars as buckshot slams into his back. He grabs your father by the head, twisting with inhuman speed as your hear a painful snap. Then, he turns, staring at you. He snarls, walking forward quickly. You reach for the gun again, but he steps on your hand as you yelp in pain.


"You dare shoot me? I have lived millennia, you think you'll be the one to end my life?" the hunter snarls, before laughing, a horrible, terrifying noise. "You have balls, little one."


You stare at the monster in front of you, trying to stare him, but you see nothing but hate and unquenching thirst behind his eyes.


"Yes... I see strength in you. Potential. I have an offer for you, as the newfound man of the house. Join me. Let me take you on as my... apprentice. As my servant. As my slave. As whatever I need you to be. In exchange for your servitude, I offer you not only your life, but the life of your mother and sisters."


You stare at the monster, whose eyes narrow as he waits for you answer.
> You refuse
"No," you say.


"No?" the vampire asks. "You have more balls than I thought. You're courageous. Too courageous. Can't have you getting brave and trying to get revenge for your peasant father some day."


With that, the vampire grabs your head, quickly twisting it with unnatural speed, nearly tearing your head off before you can even blink in reaction.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The night is cold, dark and starless. The only light other than the candle Mama clutches in her hand comes from the moon, whose once bright, white, inviting and warm light is now deep red, like it's been splattered with blood. You're curled up with your two sisters, Ivana and Lilia, with Mama sitting over you, her candle in one hand and a wooden crucifix in the other. Papa is nailing boards to keep the door shut, hastily trying to give you some extra protection.


It's the Night of the Blood Moon. You've never been through one, the last happening less than a year before your birth, but now, after another twelve years, it had arrived. Your eldest brother, Dornan, told stories about it, stories that chilled you to the bone, that kept you from sleep, that gave birth to the horrors of your nightmares. If even a fraction of what Dornan said is true, the screams should begin soon.


"Mama?" Lilia asks.


"Hush, darling," Mama replies, as Papa finishes boarding up the door and grabs his shotgun from it's place on the wall. He takes his spot next to you, his gun pointed at the door, and you wait.


The screams start soon. Howls of pain and terror from other houses of the town. Ivana is old enough to know to stay quiet, but Lilia soon starts to cry. Mama desperately tries to hush her six year old daughter, but to no avail.


"Sssh! Sssh, darling! It's alright, you just must stay quiet!" Papa says.


Suddenly, a tall, dark shadow passes by the window. Papa immediately grabs his shotgun, frantically raising it to his shoulder. The shadow disappears, and Papa breaths a sigh of relief.


"Scared of something?" a deep, guttural voice says from behind you.


Papa turns, firing his shotgun as the monster speeds forward. It grabs Papa's throat with unnatural speed, smiling as it holds him in the air, strangling him.


The monster looks hideous. It's dreadfully pale, it's face twisted with hate, and looks to be hairless. It's eyes are completely black, like the endless darkness of its soul, and it's mouth is filled with mangled teeth with two large fangs, curved and bloodstained, with even more blood pouring down its face. The creature snarls, before smiling as it turns to look at you and your siblings. 


"Ah... so young... so fresh..." the vampire says, licking it's lipless mouth with a forked tongue. "Peasant, your daughters are mine. Don't struggle."


The vampire tosses Papa to the ground, turning towards your siblings.


"No! No! You will not take my daughters!" Father says, grabbing for his gun.


The monster strikes, smashing it's boot into Papa's head.


"How dare you?!" the monster screams. "I gave you your land, I gave you your house, I give you your life!"


The monster begins walking toward Papa, who desperately crawls back to the wall.


"I keep the beasts away from the village! I let you roam the night all but one night every twelve years! I don't ask for your wife, to allow you to sire more. I don't ask for your son, to leave you a legacy. I only ask for your daughters! How dare you attempt to deny me that?"


As the vampire walks towards Papa, his fangs bared, you see a chance to get Papa's shotgun. Still, you don't want to anger the vampire further. Perhaps the best option is to hope for the beast's mercy.
> You beg
"Please, please don't hurt my papa! We don't want any trouble! Please, show us mercy, and we'll remain forever loyal! We never miss food shipments...!"


The Vampire snarls.


"You are a sheep," he snarls. "Look at you. Look at all of you. Weak. Mindless. Sheep. You only exist to feed me. Your lifespan is measured in decades. I've lived over a millenia! I am the hunter, you are prey!"


The vampire grabs Papa's head, twisting it with amazing speed. You hear his neck crack, as the vampire drops his limp body. Tears stream down your face, as he walks towards you. He grabs you by the scruff of your neck.


"You are a sheep," he snarls.


He flings you to the ground where you bounce off the wooden floor, skidding into the wall with a painful thud. Mama tries to strike him, but he catches her hand, yanking her into his grasp and biting down on her neck. She gasps as he tears open her throat, pressing his bloody mouth on the bleeding wound. He feeds for about a minute, as you lie there, too terrified to move. Then, he strides forward, catching your sisters by the hand and lifting them into the air. He flings them over his shoulder like a young lamb, and looks at you.


"Bleet," he snarls, before walking out of the door, leaving you alone.
> The Next Morning...
You only peer out of your blood-spattered house when the sun rises, driving the vampires back like a shepherd driving off a wolf pack. 


The village is destroyed, and the vampire's promise is broken. Corpses lie strewn in the streets, in various states of dismemberment. One cadaver in particular stands out to you; the baker's son, who you used to play Knights and Goblins with, has been messily hanged with his own entrails. His face is bloated and blue, and you disgustedly realize that his eyes have been messily removed. 


You open the door to your house. As it swings out, it pushes the bisected corpse of a village toddler out of the way. You promptly vomit all over the corpse. 


The sound of a carriage rolling into town attracts your attention. Two riders sit astride, dressed as wealthy mourners attending a funeral might. The man nods curtly. 


"You're probably quite angry, then." 
> You life continues.
A sob racks the woman's body as the grim-faced bishop slips the noose over her neck. 


"Please," The peasant woman begs as he pulls it taught and prepares to kick her off the platform. "I haven't done a thing, m'lord!"


"For the crimes of murder, incest, communing with Satan and cannibalism, I sentence you to death."  The holy man's voice wavers at death. Sympathy? Guilt? His face is unreadable, as always.  A swift kick sends her off the platform.


The young woman slumps like a marionette with its strings cut as the rope goes taught. A sign around her neck reads WITCH!


You push through the crowd of peasant onlookers. Some jeer, some gasp in horror, but most shake their head and disperse, driven indoors by the chill and rain that comes with the mountain climate. Your hand touches the sword at your belt, feeling its reassuring weight. 


"Father Harrison." you murmur, nodding your head to the older man.


"The sellsword returns," He looks at you disapprovingly. "What brings you back? No more corpses left to butcher for coin?"


You bite back a swell of irritation. "Corpses that dine on human flesh. An important distinction." 


He laughs. It's a cold, humorless sound. "Of course. Best to charge for their disposal, no?"


"Dangerous or not, I've still got to -" 


He silences you with a dismissive wave of his hand. "I'll hear no more of it. Tell me what brings you back to Eden." 


"I was looking to get my sword consecrated," You say evenly. "I was told that the Holy Roman Church provided such services." 


"We are obligated to, yes." He scowls. "See Friar Jameson. Stay no longer than is necessary." 
> The Blood of the Christ
The basilica is empty, save for Friar Jameson, who frets over a golden bowl of what appears to be human blood. Along the carefully-crafted stone walls lie stained glass windows, displaying the adventures of various saints and angels from Catholic mythology. On the far wall is an oversized statue of Christ crushing the life out of a vampire with his two oversized fists. 


Friar Jameson looks up as the massive oak door swings shut behind you. He strides forward intently, grimly furrowing his eyebrows at you. He stops five feet away, glaring at you; you can feel his eyes pierce your very soul.


"Hello, Jameson."


He bursts into a grin and embraces you. You can feel your back crack under the big man's bear-like embrace. "Good to see you, you mercenary bastard!" 


You awkwardly pat his back. "Y-you as well, Jameson." 


"What brings you back to Eden?" He asks cheerfully, pulling back. You notice a fresh new scar running the length of his chin. 


"Lodgings for the night, and a Consecration. Been tracking a pack across the damn continent. Pretty sure they passed by here not too long ago." You explain, rubbing your shoulder. You hope he doesn't hug you again. 


His cheerful demeanor slips away, somewhat. "A Consecration, huh? Might be trickier than you expect. Blood's been angry recently." 


"How does blood get angry?" You wonder aloud. 


"Your guess is as good as mine, mate,"  He frowns deeply. "But shit's been  going very, very wrong with the Ministrations." 


You're filled with a sudden impatience. You can feel your quarry slipping away. You hand him the leather scabbard, blade inside. "Do your best, anyhow." 


You leave the church, then, leaving Jameson clutching the blade with an ever-increasing look of alarm on his face. 
> You find yourself some lodgings for the night.
You find yourself some lodgings at The Serpent, a run-down, overpriced inn on the edge of town. The beer has more in common with water than booze, and prostitutes and alcoholics glower at you from the edge of the common area. 


You rent yourself a room from the heavyset, nigh-incomprehensible Scottish bartender. He waves you to the back, where you find your meager lodgings. 


You lay your head against the stuffed straw pillow and doze off instantaneously. 
> You morning in Eden.
The sun rises over the township of Eden,  beating back whatever bloodthirsty creatures of the night lurk in its darkened streets. A cry is taken up in the town square, and it's carried to your ears on the backs of frightened townspeople. 


An old woman has been found dead in the night. Her one remaining arm is splayed out to the side, and the other lies ten feet away, on the other side of the street; it's been sucked dry of blood. 


From your vantage point in a nearby alley, you can see the church move in on the corpse almost immediately. Two glowering, armored figures dragging the corpse, along with the arm, back towards the basilica. 


One of the Paladins glares at you as you as the corpse is transported to the religious fortress on the hill. He appears to give you a silent challenge to come follow him. 


You suspect vampirism is at play, but there's no way to be certain until you can manually inspect the corpse for bite-wounds; otherwise, it could be werewolves, or even a plain serial killer. Of course, your sword is still  in the basilica being consecrated. 


 
> You follow the Paladins.
You follow the two agents of the  Church as they drag the desecrated corpse back to their armored fortress. You maintain fifteen feet of distance, and use the crowds and narrow, winding streets to avoid their suspicious gaze.


You become acutely aware of the two massive spears that they each carry; a four-foot hickory rod with a steel blade mounted on one end. You have no doubt that it could crack your head, or remove it wholesale, if swung by one of the two muscled brutes. 


They ascend the winding path to the basilica, leaving a steady trail of visceral fluid as the corpse scrapes along the ancient cobblestones. 
> You surprise!
The unencumbered brute suddenly turns around, at a moment where you're exposed. You try to scramble backwards, but trip over your own feet. The last thing you see is the armored figure standing over you, prepared to club you over the head. 
> You sweet Sleep
Finding the armored grasp of the Paladin quite comfortable, you slip once more into the land of unconsciousness. You go limp once more, leaving yourself a heavy burden for the alleged holy man to drag along. 


You awaken chained to a moist stone wall. A pounding headache graces your senses. 


"Oh, shit." you say to no one in particular. 


"Ephesians, four twenty-nine," A monotone voice chides you from the darkness. "Let no corrupting talk come out of your mouths, but only such as is good for building up, as fits the occasion, that it may give grace to those who hear."


Even in a dungeon, with a head injury, chained to a wall, you can't escape the proselytization of  Father Harrison. 


 
> You retrieving your sword.
The restraints effortlessly fall off. You rub your wrists, slotting your thumbs into the grooves dug in by the  chains. Harrison's words about retrieving your sword linger with you; you find it curious that the elderly priest directed you to arm yourself. "Turn the other cheek" appears to have been replaced by "don't die". 


You leave the dungeon (why does the basilica have a dungeon?) and wince as sunlight assaults your senses once more. Your head injury flares up immediately, sending you sprawling to the carpeted floor. Curiously, your pain is ignored by the sparse population of friars and monks stewing about. 


You stand at the back end of the room you entered two days before. Before you lies the rom where mass would typically be held. On the leftmost side of the wall closest to you is a doorway leading to the upper floors of the building. 


A longing strikes you, the sort and intensity of which you hadn't felt in years; a desire for something spiritual, something greater than yourself. You feel a newfound awareness for your place in the universe. Either that, or you got hit really fucking hard. 
> You take a moment for prayer.
You sit on the closest pew, and stare at the massive statue of Jesus Christ that dominates the preacher's stage. You bow your head a moment in contemplative prayer. It feels awkward, clumsy and out-of-place, and your throbbing head prevents you from any real introspection. 


After a few minutes, you get up to retrieve your sword. Intuition tells you it's upstairs. 
> You upstairs
The upstairs isn't as large as you expected, but to call it "small" would be a disservice. After walking up the fifty stone-tile steps, you find yourself in a carpeted hallway, stretching out for a couple of hundred feet in front of you. 


Either side is lined with small wooden doors, where the monks and permanent inhabitants of the church sleep. Behind you is the entrance to a library; given as this is a church, there's likely not much in the way of interesting reading, unless you like Latin bibles and apologetics. 


Logically, you know there must be an armory somewhere, but it's not up here. You head back downstairs. 
> You head downstairs.
You head back down through the central room and back downstairs. The stairs are little more than a darkened stone tunnel, lit intermittently with  flickering torches.  Through process of elimination, you realize that the armory must be somewhere on the subterranean level. 


You walk down the stairs, with the trepidation of one who has lived their entire life in a world filled with vampires. Thankfully, nothing lurks in the shadows, and you reach the armory fairly easily. 


It's roughly a ten-foot by ten-foot stone chamber, with walls lined with rifles and the like. You find your sword fairly easily, as it's been placed separate from the weapon's owned by the church, on an opposite table. You slam it into your scabbard and buckle it around your hip. 


You go back upstairs. 
> You pounding at the Door
    You hear a pounding at the thick, oaken door. The three friars  milling about the central room look up in alarm. You quickly approach the door, and you’re ushered back by one of the stone-faced monks. 


    “It’s in all of our best interest if that door stays sealed.” he explains in mute tones, not meeting your eye, “A… large flock moved in on the town shortly after we sealed the church. Father Harrison saw fit to leave you untroubled with these matters.” 


    “Fuck.” you mutter, as you slowly begin to realize why you dislike the church. 


    “If you want to speak to him, he should be in the War Room.” the grim man explains quickly. 


    “Why the fuck would there be a War Room in a basilica?” you ask, growing more irritated by the moment. 


    “Perhaps,” he runs a hand over his bald scalp, sweating profusely, “It would be best if you allowed Father Harrison to explain this matter to you personally.” 


    “Perhaps,” you muse bitterly, “Where is the War Room?”


    “Come.” he instructs curtly, as he walks back across the large room. You’re beginning to suspect that it may be a very long time indeed before another mass is held in it. 
> The War Room
    You recognize a half-dozen high-ranking priests and  town officials inside the strangely-titled War Room. They’re cloistered in a semicircle alongside a parchment map with arcane sigils scratched into it. You see what appear to be troop markers, which is strange in and of itself; why does the Roman Catholic church have an army at its disposal? What army is denoted by an upside-down cross? These questions burn into your mind as Father Harrison nods to you.


    “I suppose you’ve started to understand that our purposes here aren’t exactly… ecclesiastical.” Harrison says acridly. He looks strange, armored in medieval chain with a double-barreled shotgun strapped to his back. Gone are the clipped, judgmental tones of an aging priest, having been replaced with the pragmatic, competent voice of a general ordering his troops. 


    “No,” you murmur, amazed, “Not much of a Christian operation you’re running here.” 


    He scowls. Warrior or not, the expression still fits him perfectly. “Deus Vult, my friend. Whether you like it or not, there are occasions when God demands his flock pick up the shepherd’s rod in his stead. Whether it’s warlike Mohammedans and blaspheming Jews, or bloodthirsty vampires… he cares little.”


    You recognize the quotation from  one of the old historical texts Sir Gregory crammed down your throat. Pope Urban the Second, shortly before the first “Crusade. You’re planning a crusade.” 


    “Yes,” he says with a grim smile, “We’re planning a crusade.” 
> You specialist Knowledge
    “But… why?” you ask, equal parts fascinated and horrified. 


    “Why not?” he responds simply, “We’ve been fodder for too long. You yourself were almost a digestif, when you were a lad.”


    Now it’s your turn to scowl. You’re beginning to suspect that Harrison might be a fucking nob. “Not how I’d describe a massacre of innocents, but that’s one way to describe it.” 


    “Semantics,” he mutters, waving your concerns aside  with a sharp gesture of the wrist, “Now, your… unique skills as a corpse-hunting sellsword put you in a uniquely valuable position.” 


    “But what would you have done if I hadn’t come here?” you ask. 


    “It was assured that you would come here. A job posting near Eden didn’t spring up organically.” he smiles, a touch of sinisterness brushing his lips. 


    “But why would I —“ 


    “You will be rewarded most handsomely, let me make that clear. 


    The situation becomes clear. He’s offering you a job. 
> You join the Crusade
    You’re not sure if you believe in God or not, but you believe in gold and revenge, and the Church has given you ample opportunity to sample both. Within a couple of months, your knowledge of the scourge placed you in control of a small garrison  in Eastern Europe. To your relief, you were far from the heavy fighting. 


    You expected a Crusade, but WWIII may be a better descriptor. Within a few days of the Pope’s declaration, mass hysteria gripped the general populace. Although good, faithful Catholics were more than willing to take up arms, Europe’s resident protestant and Jews were unwilling to fight, at first; this quickly changed when entire hamlets and villages began to disappear into the night. 


    Governments proved to be ineffectual for more than the usual reasons; most parliaments and senates had long since been infiltrated. A few dead heads of state and parliamentary massacres later, most of the governing  bodies were left headless. 


    As you saw, the  Church fought with little regard for the common man. Those who were unable to fight found themselves out in the cold, and those who found themselves out in the cold oftentimes found something colder still waiting in their homes. 


    Some might say you’ve found a grander purpose. Others might say you’re still a mercenary,  whoring out your dignity for gold. Perhaps, both are true. However, with the war raging, you have no time for such esoteric matters. 
> You mixed Squad Tactics
    Seven feet tall, if it’s a foot. Blood drips off its curled tusks, which protrude from its mouth like massive, arching fingers pointed upwards. How does a vampire become a monstrosity like this? Gabriel tells you that it’s a result of pacts with Satan. Raziel, the village apothecary, informs you that the vampires have “read the writing inside”, and have unlocked the secrets to transform at will. You’re not sure about either explanation. 


    Either way,  the beast is an immediate threat to the supply chain crossroads you’ve been tasked with defending. Gabriel trains his rifle on it; his hand shake violently as he takes aim. You can see him struggle to hold on to his gun, white-knuckled and terrified. The two other men at your position are all in similar states of apprehension.


    The ground vibrates slightly as the colossal horror shambles onwards, marching down the forested road for reasons unknown. In the feeble light of the streetlamps, you can see the blasphemous tokens hanging about its neck, made out of bits of human bone and sinew. 


    Your hand touches your own weapon, a plain-looking revolver hanging in a simple leather pouch at your waste. 


    You could annihilate the beast right now, and bring an end to its life; or, you could follow it back to its lair, and see if you can’t drive out the swarm.
> You bring it down!
    “Fire!” You whisper fiercely to Gabriel. He complies immediately, violently jerking on the trigger. His shot goes wild, and strikes the foliage behind the creature. A flock of crows takes flight into the trees, blotting out the moon in their frantic numbers. 


    The other two men dive for their weapons, and launch a hasty volley as the creature bellows out a challenge. One bullet strikes its shoulder, rewarding the firer with a burst of thick, tar-like ichor. The other strikes a tree branch, scoring its deep  bark with an ugly new wound. 


    By the time you reach for your weapon, the jig is up. The creature barrels into your team of saboteurs, sending you barreling into the underbrush,  and sending your pistol flying into the bushes some four feet away. You sympathetically wince as the vampire plants a foot on one Gabriel’s chest, and crushes his ribcage in one motion. 


    You shimmy through the scratching thorns, frantically searching for your only hope of salvation. Struck by the back of a monstrous fist, a man begins an ill-fated flight into the night sky. 


    Your grasp closes around the revolver as the third man is run through with a clenched fist through the stomach. Hot blood coats your face as he twitches and feebly claws at the oversized creature’s massive bicep.  You scream in agony as a foot crushes your right hand, shattering the bones within. 


    You look up, and see the beast   standing above you. The ghost of a smirk touches it’s oversized features as it grabs your other arm and plants its foot on your chest. An enormous force is applied to your shoulder. As the agony grows, you become aware of your muscles and tendons snapping like rope, until your arm is pulled free of your body. Darkness takes you then. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>    Seven feet tall, if it’s a foot. Blood drips off its curled tusks, which protrude from its mouth like massive, arching fingers pointed upwards. How does a vampire become a monstrosity like this? Gabriel tells you that it’s a result of pacts with Satan. Raziel, the village apothecary, informs you that the vampires have “read the writing inside”, and have unlocked the secrets to transform at will. You’re not sure about either explanation. 


    Either way,  the beast is an immediate threat to the supply chain crossroads you’ve been tasked with defending. Gabriel trains his rifle on it; his hand shake violently as he takes aim. You can see him struggle to hold on to his gun, white-knuckled and terrified. The two other men at your position are all in similar states of apprehension.


    The ground vibrates slightly as the colossal horror shambles onwards, marching down the forested road for reasons unknown. In the feeble light of the streetlamps, you can see the blasphemous tokens hanging about its neck, made out of bits of human bone and sinew. 


    Your hand touches your own weapon, a plain-looking revolver hanging in a simple leather pouch at your waste. 


    You could annihilate the beast right now, and bring an end to its life; or, you could follow it back to its lair, and see if you can’t drive out the swarm.
> You follow it.
    You decide then to trail the beast, hopefully finding its lair in the process. Silently, you motion for the two other saboteurs to stay back, taking just Gabriel with you. Out of all the village conscripts, you find him to be the least incompetent. That, and he quickly learned the valuable skill of shutting up. Terror crosses the boyish face under a blonde mop of hair, but he nods.


    You creep down the secluded lane, carefully avoiding twigs and treacherous birds. Crows, in particular, appear to be friends of the vampires; you’ve seen many a man fall to startled birds. Well, that and horrific injuries to the jugular. 


    You stalk the beast for a good quarter mile, before it stops, seemingly at random, somewhere along the forested road leading into town. It steps into the bushes across the road from you, and looks down. And then, it vanishes completely. 


    You move to follow it, and then you abruptly faint. The strings of consciousness are severed, leaving you as a marionette plummeting towards the stage. 
> A gateway.
    You awaken in a cold sweat, bundled in rags, and restrained to a bed. You find yourself in a small shack, scarcely illuminated by a few candles. It appears to be held up by naught but twigs and thatch, bound with bundles of rope. Piles of books line the corner. If you focus, you can see an unfamiliar language that makes your eyes water. 


    An old man with a face like a mannequin flits about the shack. What he’s doing is unknown to you, as are his intentions. You gasp in horror as the candlelight surges; for a moment, you can see a pair of skeletal wings, extended into the shadowed corners of the makeshift building.


    He turns,  and you wince as you feel his bright eyes bore through your defenses, laying bare your very soul. “The prodigal son awakens!” he tuts. 


    “Prodigal son?” you ask as you regain your faculties. 


    “I certainly hope so.” he responds with a warm chuckle. 


    “Why?” 


    “Disorder is bad for research.” he responds matter-of-factly, as if he were stating that the sky is blue. 


    “Research… what do you research?”


    His body goes rigid. “Nothing.” 


    “Nothing?” 


    “Everything.” he smiles guiltily. 


    You decide to change tack. “Why did you bring me here?”


    “I didn’t bring you anywhere,” he says defensively, “Gabriel brought you here.” 


    “Why did he do that?” you ask. His double-talk is quickly growing tiresome. 


    “You fainted,” Raziel assumes his matter-of-fact tone once more. “And I nursed you back to health?” 


    “How did you nurse me back to health?”


    “I tied you down to prevent you from biting your fingers off.” 


    “Why would I bite my fingers off?”


    “You had a fit of madness.”


    You let out an even sigh through your teeth. “Why did I have a fit of madness?”


    “It would appear that you looked into Hell.” despite the sudden and abrupt lurch  to the unusual, his clipped, explanatory demeanor remains unchanged. 


    “I looked into Hell?” you ask, incredulously, “How did I do that?”


    “You stalked a vampire, no?” Raziel takes the tone of a disappointed teacher, or perhaps a parent. 


    “Yes.” you sound suspiciously like a misbehaving child. 


    “Well,” he explains, “It’s only rational that you looked  into Hell.” 


    “Why in the hell would it be normal for me to look into Hell?” your temper flares, before you restrain it once more. He doesn’t seem to notice. 


    “Vampires are dead, no?” 


    “Yes, vampires are dead.” 


    “Dead people go to Hell, no?” 


    “I’m not so sure.” you’re unsure of how he’ll take to your agnosticism. 


    “They do, trust me,” the ghost of a smile touches his lips, “As an undead species, vampires can traverse Hell if they’re so inclined.” 


    “Oh, of course.” he doesn’t seem to pick up on the sarcasm. 


    “Do you know how undeath works, Samuel?” gooseflesh ripples up your arm as he glares at you. You realize for the first time that he’s blind.


    “No.” you nervously respond. The temperature in the room must have dropped thirty degrees. 


    “God is a novelist,” he whispers. 


    “A-a novelist?” you stammer back. Who is this man?”


    “His works are written in blood.” A single tear leaks out of the old man’s broken eye. He ages forty years in front of you, and suddenly seems very small and fragile indeed. 


    You begin to shiver uncontrollably. “W-what do you mean?” 


    “The Church can only repeat his works. I read too many of them, that’s why he took my eyes.” 


    “Who took your eyes?” A surge of dread seeps through you, from your chest down to your gut, and into your toes. You feel heavy under the weight of your terror. 


    “They’re are writing their own works.”  he wheezes in pain, as if he’s under duress. 


    “What does that -“ 


    “We have little time,” the strength seems to fade from him, “you must become a copyist to find their strength.”


    “How do -“ Your question is interrupted by his lifeless corpse hitting the ground. 


    You wake up on the forest floor, gasping for air. 
> You awakening.
    The morning rays of dawn cannot penetrate the deep, unsettling, soul-penetrating cold that set in on you over night. You crane your neck, listening to the individual pops as your spine aligns itself. You look over, and see the corpse of Gabriel in the bush next to you. He’s frozen in place, an awful terror burned into his face for all of eternity. You pick up his rifle, and begin to walk back to town. 


    Raziel’s words linger in your mind as you approach the hastily-erected fence around town.  


    “Mornin’,” the watchmen mumbles though his late-in-shift exhaustion. 


    You rub your eyes. “Where’s Raziel?”


    The watchmen looks at you, puzzled. “Who in the Hell is Raziel?” 


    “Nobody,” you respond, sharing in the man’s exhaustion, “did any of the men make it back?” 


    He shakes his head. “Nossir, thought they was with you!” 


    “Fuck,” you mutter, “That’s a damn shame.” 


    “Sounds like you had quite the night, sir,” he remarks, “Sure Father ‘oud love to here about it.” 


    “I need sleep.” You mutter absentmindedly, already brushing past the man on the way to your quarters. 


    “Don’t we all, sir?” He laughs, bitterly. 
> You head back to the church.
    You meander through the makeshift wall, and slowly begin your walk back to the church-turned-stronghold that quickly became the seat of power for the local religious militia. You marvel at how dirty the town had gotten; what was once a small European township with cobblestone streets and small, mom-and-pop businesses on every corner was now filthy, and comparable to a refugee camp. Old fire-barrels and trash litter the ground.  The people you pass glare at you; perhaps one too many brush with looters is all it takes to gain a permanent mistrust of your fellow man. 


    Your stroll ends at the church. A sign once read “FIRST PARISH CHURCH”, but it’s long since been replaced with  a small sign that says  “BASE OF OPERATIONS ” in small black lettering. 


    The door to the small, unassuming little building has been ripped off, you you move the rubbery tarp aside as you enter. As with most churches converted to military strongholds, the pews have long since been scrapped for their requisite parts and nailed to the windows. 


    The church smells of woodsmoke and unwashed bodies, consequences of the smoldering flame and lack of running water in the town.  Fifty or so men are packed into it, milling about in various states of undress. 


    In the far right corner, there’s an entrance to back room; this is where you need to be. 
> You reporting in.
    You enter the small office in the corner of the church, after shouldering your way through the dense crowd of sweaty, compacted men pressing in on each other. 


    It’s original purpose was probably for the pastor to have a place to prepare his notes and sermon, but it’s been co-opted by the local militia,  and is now used as a place for the local  alderman to gather his thoughts and meet with advisors. 


    The alderman is a small, grey-haired old  veteran, worn out by  the horrors of a lifetime of campaigns. You once heard that he cut a man’s head off with a trenching  shovel. 


    “Was your mission successful?” he croaks. 


    “We were able to counter a vampire raid from the usual spot,” you begin, “but we made another, more alarming discovery.” 


    “Don’t keep me in suspense, boy.” he croaks bitterly. The old man laughs, then; it’s a cold sound, lacking in mirth and warmth. 


    “I collapsed, shortly after I witnessed a large vampire disappear into the underbrush.” you explain, as you begin to doubt your own experience. 


    “You collapsed? What’s the matter, boy? The cold finally get to you? Would you like a cup of tea?” his sarcasm is grating, as always. You’d punch him, but hanging from a pole isn’t in your wheelhouse. 


    “And after I collapsed, I had some sort of vision, or dream, or something.” your head begins to ache. 


    “Well, boy. Do tell of this vision-dream-something you speak of.”


    You explain your vision in excruciating detail. His mask of snark and sarcasm drops quickly, and he leans forward in keen interest. His hands rest on his knees, and you can’t help but notice that they’re faintly shaking. 


    “Well, boy, it sounds like your vision-dream-something knows a thing or to, eh?” He grins unexpectedly. 


    “Sounds like it.” you say warily. You were expecting a religious tantrum, not a… whatever this is.


    “So he was instructing you to become a copyist,” the man lets out a heavy sigh, “One can assume that he wasn’t intending for you to live the life of a medieval friar.” 


    “One can assume.” you echo. 


    “So if a vampire can read “God’s Language”, then it sounds to me as if he’s telling you to become a copyist of it; that is, he wants you to become a vampire.” 


    “Shit.” you mutter.


    “Shit indeed, ” he responds quietly, rubbing his beard, “Well, I suppose the decision has to be yours, then. Far be it beyond me to judge matters of the soul.”  


    “But you’re the alderman, aren’t you going to tell the men?” you ask worriedly. You know the local  superstitions; the second you’re suspected of communing with the devil, you’re one of “them”. 


    “Tell them what?” he says meaningfully. 
> You mulling it over.
    You spend a fevered night at the church, tossing and turning. You’re chased through your dreams by a winged specter, gurgling at you in a language unknown to you. You run through a shadowed forest like a deer, artfully bounding over roots and tree-branches in the night. However, it isn’t enough, and the cruel ghost is never more than a few feet behind you. 


    You awake with a start, shortly before dawn. Not  a soul has stirred. You go outside, taking in the once-beautiful landscape of the small Eastern European town that has become your home.


    And then, quite abruptly, a vampire leaps onto your back, sinking its fangs into your shoulder. You react immediately, grabbing two fistfuls of its dry hair and throwing it into the ground. You plant a boot on its neck before it can react, and quickly snatch your revolver from its resting place. One bullet to the brain and its struggles cease. 


    Onlookers rush towards you.  You’re infected. You know that it’s only a matter of time before you’re strung up and left as an example. Even if their intentions are sympathetic, your path is clear; running. 


    You fire another bullet into the air, startling the would-be first responders rushing towards you. With a cry of “back the fuck off!”, you run off into the woods, towards where you spotted the gigantic vampire. 
> You gateway
    You run full-pelt into the woods, exhausting your supply of stamina and then some. Your lungs beg for air, and your face goes flush as you prop yourself up against a nearby tree. You appear to have escaped your would-be pursuers, but the concept of a militiaman running about as an undead beast will likely bring them back in force. 


    You can see the gateway that you saw a vampire walk through earlier. Perhaps, “see” is the wrong word; you can sense it. Like something in the corner of your vision, you know that it must exist, and where, even if you aren’t laying eyes  on it directly. 


    Out of options and desperate, you approach the hole in the ground. It’s cold and has no precise dimensions, appearing to you as a  circle of indeterminate radius, shifting and slithering along the ground. It feels strangely inviting; like a blanketed bed in the morning. 


    You could slip through, but there’s no guarantee of what you’ll see on the other side. Or, you could stay right here. 
> You enter the gateway.
    You step through. It feels as if you’ve just leaped into a pool; one moment you are on Earth, in the realm of the living, and the next, you are in the next life. Immediately, you feel uncomfortably warm. Sticky, uncomfortable sweat clings to your clothing as you materialize in a small dirt tunnel. 


    Your arms and legs are uncomfortably close. There’s no room to stretch out, or even crawl backwards; you’re forced to slowly move forward. Vampirism begins to set hold on you;  you feel weakened and feverish, as you begin to die. 


    You can see an exit. It’s even narrower, and roughly fifteen feet away. Beyond it is complete and utter darkness. You force your failing muscles to propel you towards it. With a final, titanic effort, you force yourself out through the hole. 


    You feel yourself falling down a gigantic hole, down to the interminable depths. Suddenly, you enter through another gateway, and rematerialize on a corn field. If you had to guess, you’d say you’re in Kansas at eight o’clock in the evening. 


    You see the Devil standing before you. He’s tall and cultured looking, clad in a tuxedo and clutching a timepiece to his breast. He smiles at you. 


    “My friend,” he begins in a vaguely English accent, “We’ve so much to talk about!” <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>    You run full-pelt into the woods, exhausting your supply of stamina and then some. Your lungs beg for air, and your face goes flush as you prop yourself up against a nearby tree. You appear to have escaped your would-be pursuers, but the concept of a militiaman running about as an undead beast will likely bring them back in force. 


    You can see the gateway that you saw a vampire walk through earlier. Perhaps, “see” is the wrong word; you can sense it. Like something in the corner of your vision, you know that it must exist, and where, even if you aren’t laying eyes  on it directly. 


    Out of options and desperate, you approach the hole in the ground. It’s cold and has no precise dimensions, appearing to you as a  circle of indeterminate radius, shifting and slithering along the ground. It feels strangely inviting; like a blanketed bed in the morning. 


    You could slip through, but there’s no guarantee of what you’ll see on the other side. Or, you could stay right here. 
> You don't
    You decide to reject the vampirism thrust upon you. If it means dying as a man, so be it. You turn your back to the gateway, and walk back towards the town. Already you can feel yourself growing feverish and weak, as the disease takes hold. Soon, the son will burn you to a crisp; and that’s just fine with you.


    You put your head to the ground and close your eyes. You’ve earned yourself some rest. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The night is cold, dark and starless. The only light other than the candle Mama clutches in her hand comes from the moon, whose once bright, white, inviting and warm light is now deep red, like it's been splattered with blood. You're curled up with your two sisters, Ivana and Lilia, with Mama sitting over you, her candle in one hand and a wooden crucifix in the other. Papa is nailing boards to keep the door shut, hastily trying to give you some extra protection.


It's the Night of the Blood Moon. You've never been through one, the last happening less than a year before your birth, but now, after another twelve years, it had arrived. Your eldest brother, Dornan, told stories about it, stories that chilled you to the bone, that kept you from sleep, that gave birth to the horrors of your nightmares. If even a fraction of what Dornan said is true, the screams should begin soon.


"Mama?" Lilia asks.


"Hush, darling," Mama replies, as Papa finishes boarding up the door and grabs his shotgun from it's place on the wall. He takes his spot next to you, his gun pointed at the door, and you wait.


The screams start soon. Howls of pain and terror from other houses of the town. Ivana is old enough to know to stay quiet, but Lilia soon starts to cry. Mama desperately tries to hush her six year old daughter, but to no avail.


"Sssh! Sssh, darling! It's alright, you just must stay quiet!" Papa says.


Suddenly, a tall, dark shadow passes by the window. Papa immediately grabs his shotgun, frantically raising it to his shoulder. The shadow disappears, and Papa breaths a sigh of relief.


"Scared of something?" a deep, guttural voice says from behind you.


Papa turns, firing his shotgun as the monster speeds forward. It grabs Papa's throat with unnatural speed, smiling as it holds him in the air, strangling him.


The monster looks hideous. It's dreadfully pale, it's face twisted with hate, and looks to be hairless. It's eyes are completely black, like the endless darkness of its soul, and it's mouth is filled with mangled teeth with two large fangs, curved and bloodstained, with even more blood pouring down its face. The creature snarls, before smiling as it turns to look at you and your siblings. 


"Ah... so young... so fresh..." the vampire says, licking it's lipless mouth with a forked tongue. "Peasant, your daughters are mine. Don't struggle."


The vampire tosses Papa to the ground, turning towards your siblings.


"No! No! You will not take my daughters!" Father says, grabbing for his gun.


The monster strikes, smashing it's boot into Papa's head.


"How dare you?!" the monster screams. "I gave you your land, I gave you your house, I give you your life!"


The monster begins walking toward Papa, who desperately crawls back to the wall.


"I keep the beasts away from the village! I let you roam the night all but one night every twelve years! I don't ask for your wife, to allow you to sire more. I don't ask for your son, to leave you a legacy. I only ask for your daughters! How dare you attempt to deny me that?"


As the vampire walks towards Papa, his fangs bared, you see a chance to get Papa's shotgun. Still, you don't want to anger the vampire further. Perhaps the best option is to hope for the beast's mercy.
> You do nothing
The vampire grabs Papa's head, twisting it with amazing speed. You hear his neck crack, as the vampire drops his limp body. Tears stream down your face, as he walks towards you. He grabs you by the scruff of your neck.


"You are a sheep," he snarls. "Look at you. Look at all of you. Weak. Mindless. Sheep. You only exist to feed me. Your lifespan is measured in decades. I've lived over a millenia! I am the hunter, you are prey!"


He turns, walking towards Mama. Mama tries to strike him, but he catches her hand, yanking her into his grasp and biting down on her neck. She gasps as he tears open her throat, pressing his bloody mouth on the bleeding wound. He feeds for about a minute, as you lie there, too terrified to move. Then, he strides forward, catching your sisters by the hand and lifting them into the air. He flings them over his shoulder like a young lamb, and looks at you.


"Bleet," he snarls, before walking out of the door, leaving you alone.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Porras


"I don't drink," you say.


"You don't drink? How can a man not drink? Come on, one drink, on me!" Blanco says. "Have a drink, Porras! Live a little!"


"It leads to immorality."


"It leads to immorality?! Rivera's drinking so much he's pissing lager, yet I will bet my fucking house he'll be in church tomorrow! He's not immoral!"


Rivera smiles and gives a thumbs up and downs another shot.


"Going to church doesn't mean shit. Half the kids here in Tijuana are clutching a gun in one hand and a crucifix in the other," you reply.


"Ah, here he goes again! Fuck, somebody get a few drinks in this man!" Blanco exclaims loudly, annoying the other residents of the bar.


"Calm it down, gentlemen! We're all friends here!" Rivera smiles cheerfully.


"Captain, order Porras to have a drink!" Blanco exclaims loudly.


Captain Mendez allows his stone face to crack slightly as he gives a tiny smile, but he doesn't reply.


"I can understand it. I wish I didn't drink so much," Rivera says.


"Once you see what the Cartels can do to a man, you'll be glad for it to ward off the nightmares," Blanco says.


"Maybe," Rivera shrugs. "Hey, alcohol breaks up families. My wife is pregnant. I want to be at my kids graduation rather in a bar."


"If you want to be a family man, what the fuck are you doing in SWAT? This job takes a lot of our time, is very stressful and the Cartel have a price on all of our heads," you say.


"I want to make a difference," Rivera says defensively.


"You are," Captain Mendez says.


"If there has ever been something to toast to, it's that!" Blanco says, raising his shot glass as he tries to fill it with vodka, spilling half on the table.


You raise your glass of coke, and nod.


"To making a difference!"


"To making a difference!" you all shout.
> The Next Morning...
Blanco


"Fuck!" you shout, staring at your reflection in the mirror as you cut open your face again in a pathetic attempt to shave.


You made some bad choices last night. You could've handled the drinks you had with your friends, it was the additional bottle of whiskey matched with the speedball you put into your veins after you got home and invited some lady friends off the street and back into your room that did you in. You think Rivera and Porras suspect, and Captain Mendez must know about the amount of evidence disappearing and the reports of dealers being shaken down by an off-duty caught, but because of your otherwise squeaky clean record, he's let you off.


"Are you sure you don't want to come back in bed for a few minutes?" the ugliest of the prostitutes calls.


"Get out of my house, we're finished here!" you call with annoyance, before finishing shaving.


You sigh, before hearing your work phone ring.


"Fuck!" you scream, punching the mirror.
> One Hour Later...
Rivera


"Anyone want coffee?" you ask, staring at Porras and Captain Mendez, as well as the other four members of your team, Garcia, Gallo, Perez and Sindile.


"Black," the Captain replies, as the others remain quiet.


Blanco bursts through the door, a cigarette clenched between his teeth.


"Sorry I'm late," he says, grabbing a chair and sitting. "What's the situation?"


"We have reports of the location of a group of kidnappers known as the Espada de Dios," Captain Mendez says as the projector shudders to life to display an old, massive wooden mansion in the middle of the desert.


"Espada? We'll be killing priests? Porros rejoiced and Rivera wept!" Blanco laughs.


"Priests don't kidnap people. These are criminals, Satanists. They do not have the Lord's protection," you reply as your fingers absent-mindedly wrap around your rosary.


"Satanists? Says who? When I was a boy, I had a man on my street who was an alien android, a mad psychologist, a prince, a general and the horseman of war. You can't trust rumors," Porras says.


"I don't give a damn. We move in, kill any hostiles and save any hostages. Same as usual," Captain Mendez says.


"Yes, sir!" you all respond.


"Everyone in the truck. We'll go over the plans inside."
> You forty Minutes Later...
Mendez


You've done this many, many times before. You've led countless raids, and have one of the lowest causality per raid rates of any SWAT team. Still, you feel fear as you approach this mission, a heavy pit in your stomach. This is the kind of fear you've felt sitting up in bed, alone in the house as Papa drinks at the bar and Mama works the streets, hearing noises from every shadow outside your window, or under your bed, or in your closet. You need to stay strong for your men, though.


"Alright! Everyone clear with the plan?"


"We split up and everyone gets a scooby snack?" Blanco smiles from the driver's seat.


"Gallo and Garcia go in through the back, sweeping through the kitchen. Sindile and Perez head through the side entrance into the lounge, and they both head through the hallways to meet with us in the central chambers as I take Rivera, Blanco and Porras into the main entrance. Then, we clear the upper floors while Rivera and Porras defend the lower floors, and then we sweep the basement."


"Got it, boss," Blanco says.


"Yes, sir," the others reply.


"I want to move quickly. If we haven't secured the ground floor in sixty seconds, we've fucked up. Got it?"


"Yes, sir!" they bark.


"Good!"


"Five minutes!" Blanco barks, as the van goes silent.


"Three minutes!"


"Sixty Seconds!"


"Ten Seconds!"


The van pulls up outside the house, and the group bursts out. Silently, you move out of the back, motioning for Gallo and Garcia to head around the back as Perez and Sindile head to the side. Blanco and Rivera take position on either side of the door as Porras jogs forward holding a sledgehammer. You stand by the door as Porras raises the hammer, before swinging.
> You enter the house
Porras


Your sledgehammer breaks the door open after a hefty swing, and it caves inwards. You toss the sledgehammer aside as Blanco, Rivera and Captain Mendez charge in. You quickly follow in afterwards, raising your submachine gun. A waft of warm air hits you, blasting your senses with the smell of rotting meat and burnt wood. You quickly scan the room, before pausing momentarily in shock.


"Jesus Christ..." Blanco says.


The room has a grand stairwell, and piled all along it are mutilated bodies, all missing arms, legs and heads with their torsos hacked apart, gaping holes where each of their hearts would be. You see some have their mouths and eyes stitched shut, but thankfully they're all dead. Then, you see at the top of the grand staircase is a massive crucifix. Affixed to it is a pale man, his eyes gouged out to leave two bloody holes that stare into your eyes. His mouth has been carved into a brutal Glasgow grin, before being stitched shut, leaving a creepily long smile that stand in contrast with the sheer desperate terror on what remains of his face. His naked body is covered with scars, some old, some recent. His genitals are missing, a horrified, infected hole where they once were. He stares at you in terror, somehow seeing you. His body writhes in pain as his joints twist despite being nailed to the cross, desperately moving as his stigmata begin to bleed onto the floor suddenly. 


"God our father, grant this...!" Rivera begins praying.


"Men! Check those corners! Secure the floor! Stay on target!" Captain Mendez barks. "Rivera, call in med..."


"Captain!" the radio crackles to life. "We're under attack! They're everywhere! They took Gallo... AAH! Get off me! Get off me! Captain, we need..."


"Shit! Rivera, Blanc..."


The radio goes silent.


"Captain!" the radio bursts out again, and you recognize Perez's voice. "Sindile and I got seperated! What the fuck are these...? No, please! Please, I...!" 


Perez's voice is replaced by a long, horrified scream of terror, pain and desperation.


"AAAH!" a voice screams, this one not coming from the radio.


You turn and look as the crucified man's stitches tear open, releasing a wave of blood as his lips are torn apart.


"Expergiscere!" he screams in a deep, garbled voice, before he bursts into a deep laughter.


Suddenly, the bodies on the ground begin shuddering, and they begin to stand. The crucified man continues laughing as the bodies continue to stand, pulling themselves up via the banister and standing up on legs, arms and even wrapped around other corpses. The monsters all stand, and there's a second of silence as the crucified man stops laughing. The monsters slowly turn, staring at you.
> You get out via the front door
You run to the front door, before pausing.


"What the fuck?"


You turn to see that now standing in front of the door is a completely white, humanoid creature that hangs on the door frame, stretching across the door way. The creature has completely black eyes, and its hands and feet have long, sharpened bone claws. 


"What the fuck is that?" Captain Mendez barks.


"Its a demon..." Rivera whimpers.


"Fuck that, shoot it!" Blanco shouts, stumbling to take out his gun.
> You open fire on the creature
You raise your gun and open fire on the creature, but your bullets simply bounce off its white hide. It continues hanging there, as your and your comrades unleash all you have.


Click


You're out of ammo. Suddenly, the creature bursts forward, grabbing Captain Mendez with immense strength and flinging him over its shoulder, and climbing along the stairwell to the upper floors. Captain Mendez screams as he fires his gun repeatedly in the creature's head to no avail. You stare as he's dragged away, and see that the only way to get to him is through the monstrous dead.
> You charge through the monsters
You charge into the packs of monster, ramming your shoulder into the creatures, knocking them aside. Then, they attack. You feel dozens of rotting hands grab the plates of your SWAT armor and begin to scratch and tear at your face.


"Get the fuck off me!" you scream.


You're lifted up, and flung along the room. You scream in terror as you smash into the wooden floor as it bends and snaps, smashing open as you go through the floor with a scream.
> You fall
You fall through the floor, falling for a second before landing painfully on the cold concrete floor. You feel your legs snap as you let out a terrified scream, crumpling to the floor as you look around, seeing nothing but darkness. You hear the horrible noises upstairs go silent, and are left alone in the darkness.


"Hello? Hello?" you call.


You hear sniffling, wheezing and gasping around you in the darkness as the other residents of this basement hear you. Deep breathing slowly gets louder as they begin heading towards you. You begin to crawl desperately backwards, your broken legs painfully scraping along the floor as you bite your lip until it begins to bleed profusely as you try to prevent yourself from whimpering and alerting the creatures as you're left alone in the dark.
> You keep crawling away
Blanco


You're running desperately away from those fucking undead when the door bursts open in front of you. You see a tall, gaunt man wearing a priest's outfit with the classic black clothes and a white collar with midnight black hair. He stares at you for a second, before grabbing you. A black cloth sack goes around your head, tightening as you lose sight and it tightens. You grab at the priest's throat as he pulls you into a side room, throwing you to the ground. You fumble to pull the sack off your head, and finally drag it off. You look up in time to see the boot slam into your face as blood spurts out of your nose and you collapse backwards again, this time losing consciousness.
> You awake
You awake naked in a small metal cage, unable to move. You bend your head slightly, looking up to see the priest.


"Who the fuck are you?" you scream. "Let me out! Let me out, bastard!"


"I am Father Borgogni," he says.


"Why are you doing this? Let me out! What the fuck did you do to those bastards?!" 


"Hush now. They were sinners, and hence, they were targets of them. You are a target. You are a sinner."


"Fuck you, you son of a bitch,"


"We are all sinners, child. Yours are particularly obvious."


"You don't know me! You don't know my sins!"


"They are written across your arms, child."


You look down at your arms, spotting the various track marks that cover your arms.


"Fuck you! Let me out you monster!"


"We are all monsters," Father Borgogni says.


"Let me out, then!"


"I can't do that. You need to face your sins. From the fires, we find redemption."


"What are you talking about, you crazy bastard?"


You crane your heard around, seeing that your metal cage sits above a small, gas-operated fireplace.


"Wait, wait, what are you...?"


Father Borgogni starts the gas, and it begins to spray up at you.


"No! Please, no!"


Father Borgogni pulls out a small lighter, and holds it by the gas.


"For fuck's sake, don't! Please, I'm a sinner! I have sinned, and I..."


Father Borgogni lights the gas, and it bursts into flames as you feel the flames lap at your stomach and knees. You scream in pain, as the bars begin to glow red and seer into your flesh.


"STOP! STOP! STOP IT!" you scream.


You desperately writhe around in the flames as Father Borgogni stares at you.


"Help me! Please! AAH! AAH!"


You scream in desperation, before Father Borgogni turns off the gas. You continue to scream as the fire stops and the bars begin to cool, before it grows down to a whimper. 


"Have you found redemption among the fire? Are you pure of heart and as innocent as the lamb?"
> You say "Yes!"
"I hope so, though I doubt it. The son and the beast are here, but not the father. We can prevent this."


You scream as you see the priest pour a bottle of lighter fluid on him.


"God, father, forgive us both for our sins," he says.


Father Borgogni falls forward, collapsing onto the burning cage as he bursts alight. You scream as the flames wrap around you, stuck in the cage as the heat chars your flesh and melts your bones.
> You burn
Rivera


You're left surrounded by chaos as your group disbands. You raise your rifle and fire into the masses of demonic undead, before desperately backpedaling to escape their clawing hands. You back away as you hear a new round of horrified screams over your coms.


"Stay away from me! God our father, grant your blessings upon me. I am a sinner, but I beg you protect me from the darkness and flames and allow me safe passage..." you mutter quickly.


The demonic undead continue sprinting towards you, but thankfully your bullets manage to at least force them back through sheer force if failing to hurt the demons.


Click


"Shit!" you cry, turning and breaking away.


You find an oak door and stumble through it as you hear growling right behind it. You slam the door shut, before hearing the thump of creatures charging into the door. As the door shuts, you're left in complete and utter darkness. You quickly switch on your flashlight, and freeze. A tall, fur covered humanoid creature stands in front of you, gazing at you with a single black eye and a mouth filled with jagged teeth. It's fur is wet, covered with thick red blood. It sniffs the air, and looks around the room, continuing to sniff the air.
> You open fire
You raise your gun, pointing it at the demon's head, and pull the trigger.


Click


You remember your gun is out of ammo, and the demon fixes its gaze on you. Then, it charges forward. It slams a hoofed foot into your chest, breaking several ribs and slamming you into the door. You cough up blood, and it kicks once more, crushing your skull.
> You darkness...
Mendez


As soon as you go for the door, you're faced with a horrible abomination. A large, humanoid creature stands at seven feet with skin as white as bone. It's face is a horrible scarred mess, with a smile that goes from ear to ear as it breaths heavily. It raises a long, thin claw, and reaches out to touch you.


"Get the fuck away from me!" you cry.


Then, the beast attacks. It leaps forward, grabbing you, and with the second hand grabs the banister to the stairwell. It flings itself up to the upper floor as you draw your handgun. You unload a full clip into its head, but the bullets bounce off against the creature as you stare at it in horror.


"What the fuck are you?" you say, aghast, as you're dragged into a room lit only by a single candle.


You're flung into the center of the room, before the demon starts chuckling like a baboon. You back away, before hearing a small, faint whisper that you can barely make out, seemingly coming from all around you.


"Yes... this one will do..."


"Stay away from me!" you shout, backing away.


You look around the room, seeing two possible hiding places, and the door. You could hide in a small fireplace or behind a massive wooden bookcase, or you could charge the door and try get out.
> You hide in the Fireplace
You quickly break into a crawl, climbing into the fireplace. You hear the demon's laughter, before a chair is flung at you, breaking as it hits you and you yell in pain. You feel another chair slam into you, before a heavy plastic fuel cannister smacks into you. It breaks open, spraying you with fuel which begins to puddle around you and soak into your clothes. You spit to get the droplets that went into your mouth out, before watching as the demon approaches you. It scrapes its claws along the bricks of the fireplace and begins to laugh.
> You light the gas
You fumble through your pockets and pull out your lighter, immediately lighting the fuel. It bursts into flames, and you let out a scream as the heat rips around you. Your flesh begins to sear and cook as you scream in pain, before being consumed by the fire.
> You death
Porras


You whimper in the darkness as you try to crawl backwards, your broken legs painfully scraping along the floor. You hear the moaning, breathing and muttering increase. Your hands reach backwards to pull yourself away in the massive basement, but they land on your gun. You quickly grab it and pull it forward, flicking the flashlight on. Immediately, you illuminate mangled, horrific corpses crawling towards you. The monsters have broken, bent and snapped limbs, and are horrifically disfigured by flames or through skinning. They moan, and you let out a yelp, firing your gun at them. The bullets whizz through the air, thudding into the creatures, but they continue to advance. Suddenly, you hear something moving behind you.
> You turn
You turn, to see a figure emerging from the darkness.


"Stay back! Stay the fuck away from me!" you scream.


The figure stops, raising its hands.


"Porros! It's me!" the figure, Rivera, cries.


"Rivera! Oh, thank fuck. There's monsters everywhere! We need to move! Give me a hand. I think my legs are broken."


Rivera jogs over, grabbing you.


"Ready?" he asks.


"Go!" you say, gritting your teeth.


Rivera lifts you into the air, throwing you over his shoulder as your legs bang against him.


"AH!" you scream.


Your scream is echoed by the howls of the monsters dragging themselves towards you.


"Go! Go!" you yell.


Rivera grunts, and begins carrying you along the darkness as you struggle to keep a steady beam ahead of you, illuminating the darkness. You see the creatures crawling towards you, but they're slow, and the adrenaline pumping through Rivera's veins are enough to give him the strength to carry you and the speed to easily pass them out. Then, you light illuminates chains.


"Wait! There's chains!" you say, before groaning as your legs bump against each other as he stops.


You run your flashlight along the wall, and whimper as Rivera tenses up, and immediately begins whispering a prayer. Kneeling on the ground is a priest, who prays silently. Chained to the wall in front of him is a horrifying creature standing on all fours. It's the size of a truck, barely fitting in the basement. It's body is covered in a black fur, slick with red blood and bits of guts and organs. Its legs turn from mammalian to reptilian, ending in massive, sharp bone claws. At the creature's shoulders, the neck splits into nine necks, each ending with the head, similar to a lion's, but thinner, and with more teeth that barely manage to fit in its mouth. Its yellow, reptilian eyes flicker from the priest, and stare at you. It hisses, long, snake-like tongues flickering from their mouths. It tries to move towards you, but the chains that bind its limbs, body and heads keep it in place.
> You fire your pistol
You draw your pistol, and fire at the beast. You fire several rounds before your gun clicks empty, but all the bullets blow holes into the beast, which are quickly healed within seconds. Despite this, the beast still lets out a furious, rage-filled roar as it begins to pull at its chains.


"You won't hurt it," the priest says, not opening his eyes.


"Fuck you!" you yell. "Rivera, how many bullets do you have?"


Rivera fails to respond, and continues to pray.


"The Beast will not be harmed by bullets, children. I have tried. I have tried all my life to stop what is to come. I have put it off. But I am failing. There were many citizens lured here by the faint whispering of the adversary. They were in his grasp before I could save them. I tried with my brothers to purify them, to cleanse them of sin, but I could not. When I finally sent them into his arms to stop the adversary from taking them, the adversary still managed to take control of the bodies. You both need to flee. Get out of here, now, before he takes hold of you. Do not come back."


"What the fuck are you talking about?" you shout.


"We need to go!" Rivera says, turning and running as the priest begins to pray aloud behind you.
> You escape
Rivera


As Porras fires his gun at the roaring beast, you sprint as fast as you can through the darkness, away from the beast and Father Benedict. You find a door, and with the arm not wrapped around Porras, pull it open. You see a small, wooden staircase and quickly head up. You find yourself in a small lounge area. Two torn apart SWAT corpses lie on the ground.


"Blessed God, please have mercy on the souls of Gallo and Garcia," you mutter under your breath as you look at the.


You see the door to outside has been busted open in Gallo and Garcia's entry, and spot sunlight coming in.


"Thank you, God..." you mutter.


Your hear a horrible roar from downstairs, before the floor is torn apart. The nine heads of the Beast bursts through the floor, and the clawed legs boost the horrible beast up. Immediately, two heads dart towards you, and snap Porras out of your grip and fling him onto the floor. They begin biting into Porras as they begin to tear him apart.


"Ah! Help! Fuck! Get them off me!" Porras screams in horror.
> You help Porras
You charge over, firing your gun at the neck of one of the mouths tearing into Porras. A mouth grabs the back of your leg, flipping you through the air. Another mouth goes straight for your stomach You feel sharp teeth bite down and tear into your armor before flinging your around as the teeth shred your armor. After a few seconds, your stomach is in bit. It drops you to the ground, and you look up at three heads, all six yellow eyes staring into your soul. You scream as they fly forward to tear you apart, and your screams mix with Porras' screams to create a cacophony of horror.
> You hell Is Nothing But Darkness
As the sun set, the old wooden mansion lay still. The entire SWAT team had been massacred upon entry, awakening dark spirits and terrifying demons that would spill out to the earth. That day, several priests did something, or failed to prevent something, that led to such a massacre.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Rivera


As Porras fires his gun at the roaring beast, you sprint as fast as you can through the darkness, away from the beast and Father Benedict. You find a door, and with the arm not wrapped around Porras, pull it open. You see a small, wooden staircase and quickly head up. You find yourself in a small lounge area. Two torn apart SWAT corpses lie on the ground.


"Blessed God, please have mercy on the souls of Gallo and Garcia," you mutter under your breath as you look at the.


You see the door to outside has been busted open in Gallo and Garcia's entry, and spot sunlight coming in.


"Thank you, God..." you mutter.


Your hear a horrible roar from downstairs, before the floor is torn apart. The nine heads of the Beast bursts through the floor, and the clawed legs boost the horrible beast up. Immediately, two heads dart towards you, and snap Porras out of your grip and fling him onto the floor. They begin biting into Porras as they begin to tear him apart.


"Ah! Help! Fuck! Get them off me!" Porras screams in horror.
> You leave Porras
You turn, and run towards the door. As you hear the beast roar behind you, you sprint out the door, hearing Porras screams behind you. Within seconds, you hear the crunch of bones and silence.
> You run
You burst outside, and quickly spot the truck. You begin sprinting towards it, and open the side door. You find the keys, and quickly start the engine, before driving away from this place as quickly as you can. You watch in the rear mirror as the sun sets over the mansion. You know everyone else is dead. You can feel it. You wince as you feel your horrific burns, wishing you could've done something. No, you think. There was nothing you could've done. At least you've survived. Your entire team is dead, but you made it. You continue driving down the road.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You turn, to see a figure emerging from the darkness.


"Stay back! Stay the fuck away from me!" you scream.


The figure stops, raising its hands.


"Porros! It's me!" the figure, Rivera, cries.


"Rivera! Oh, thank fuck. There's monsters everywhere! We need to move! Give me a hand. I think my legs are broken."


Rivera jogs over, grabbing you.


"Ready?" he asks.


"Go!" you say, gritting your teeth.


Rivera lifts you into the air, throwing you over his shoulder as your legs bang against him.


"AH!" you scream.


Your scream is echoed by the howls of the monsters dragging themselves towards you.


"Go! Go!" you yell.


Rivera grunts, and begins carrying you along the darkness as you struggle to keep a steady beam ahead of you, illuminating the darkness. You see the creatures crawling towards you, but they're slow, and the adrenaline pumping through Rivera's veins are enough to give him the strength to carry you and the speed to easily pass them out. Then, you light illuminates chains.


"Wait! There's chains!" you say, before groaning as your legs bump against each other as he stops.


You run your flashlight along the wall, and whimper as Rivera tenses up, and immediately begins whispering a prayer. Kneeling on the ground is a priest, who prays silently. Chained to the wall in front of him is a horrifying creature standing on all fours. It's the size of a truck, barely fitting in the basement. It's body is covered in a black fur, slick with red blood and bits of guts and organs. Its legs turn from mammalian to reptilian, ending in massive, sharp bone claws. At the creature's shoulders, the neck splits into nine necks, each ending with the head, similar to a lion's, but thinner, and with more teeth that barely manage to fit in its mouth. Its yellow, reptilian eyes flicker from the priest, and stare at you. It hisses, long, snake-like tongues flickering from their mouths. It tries to move towards you, but the chains that bind its limbs, body and heads keep it in place.
> You talk to the priest
"What the fuck is that? Who are you?" you ask the priest.


"I am Father Benedict. I am part of an order that have been delaying the apocalypse for years. I have tried all my life to stop what is to come. I have put it off. But I am failing. There were many citizens lured here by the faint whispering of the adversary. They were in his grasp before I could save them. I tried with my brothers to purify them, to cleanse them of sin, but I could not. When I finally sent them into his arms to stop the adversary from taking them, the adversary still managed to take control of the bodies. You both need to flee. Get out of here, now, before he takes hold of you. Do not come back."


"What the fuck are you talking about?" you shout.


"We need to go!" Rivera says, turning and running as the priest begins to pray aloud behind you.


"No! I have to kill that thing!" you roar.


"We need to go!" Rivera yells.
> You fire at the beast
You draw your pistol, and fire at the beast as the priest sighs and Rivera begins running away, carrying you. You fire several rounds before your gun clicks empty, but all the bullets blow holes into the beast, which are quickly healed within seconds. Despite this, the beast still lets out a furious, rage-filled roar as it begins to pull at its chains. Still, soon you're back into the darkness with Rivera.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"What the fuck is that? Who are you?" you ask the priest.


"I am Father Benedict. I am part of an order that have been delaying the apocalypse for years. I have tried all my life to stop what is to come. I have put it off. But I am failing. There were many citizens lured here by the faint whispering of the adversary. They were in his grasp before I could save them. I tried with my brothers to purify them, to cleanse them of sin, but I could not. When I finally sent them into his arms to stop the adversary from taking them, the adversary still managed to take control of the bodies. You both need to flee. Get out of here, now, before he takes hold of you. Do not come back."


"What the fuck are you talking about?" you shout.


"We need to go!" Rivera says, turning and running as the priest begins to pray aloud behind you.


"No! I have to kill that thing!" you roar.


"We need to go!" Rivera yells.
> You tell Rivera to run
"Rivera! Go! Run!"


Rivera turns and begins to run away from the beast, stumbling through the darkness as the priest begins to pray aloud.
> You escape
Rivera


As Porras yells to run, you sprint as fast as you can through the darkness, away from the beast and Father Benedict. You find a door, and with the arm not wrapped around Porras, pull it open. You see a small, wooden staircase and quickly head up. You find yourself in a small lounge area. Two torn apart SWAT corpses lie on the ground.


"Blessed God, please have mercy on the souls of Gallo and Garcia," you mutter under your breath as you look at the.


You see the door to outside has been busted open in Gallo and Garcia's entry, and spot sunlight coming in.


"Thank you, God..." you mutter.


You hear the growls of the undead at the second door to the room that begins to shudder. You quickly rush outside, heading to freedom.
> You run outside to freedom
Porras


Rivera carries you outside, and heads straight towards the van. He runs to the back, and gently helps you in. You watch as he quickly runs to the the drivers seat, finding the keys and starting the van. He slams your foot on the accelerator and you quickly begin speeding away from the mansion.


"We did it... we made it..." Rivera pants.


"We did..." you reply. "Let's get the fuck out of here."


You nod, and continue driving. You've escaped with Rivera. As you speed away from the mansion, you know you're lucky to be alive.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You quickly break into a crawl, climbing into the fireplace. You hear the demon's laughter, before a chair is flung at you, breaking as it hits you and you yell in pain. You feel another chair slam into you, before a heavy plastic fuel cannister smacks into you. It breaks open, spraying you with fuel which begins to puddle around you and soak into your clothes. You spit to get the droplets that went into your mouth out, before watching as the demon approaches you. It scrapes its claws along the bricks of the fireplace and begins to laugh.
> You climb up the chimney
You begin to push yourself up the bricks of the chimney and climb along up, before the abomination's hand wraps around your ankle. It drags you down the chimney, scraping your arms, before dragging you into the darkness.


"Now..." the voice whispers from everywhere. "Now I am reborn."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You quickly break into a crawl, climbing into the fireplace. You hear the demon's laughter, before a chair is flung at you, breaking as it hits you and you yell in pain. You feel another chair slam into you, before a heavy plastic fuel cannister smacks into you. It breaks open, spraying you with fuel which begins to puddle around you and soak into your clothes. You spit to get the droplets that went into your mouth out, before watching as the demon approaches you. It scrapes its claws along the bricks of the fireplace and begins to laugh.
> You attack
You charge out of the fireplace, towards the abomination, but the abomination is faster. It leaps forward, slashing its claws across the side of you face. You scream as blood flows out and you collapse on the floor. It lets out a howling laughter, before grabbing your ankle and dragging you off into the darkness.


"Now..." the voice whispers from everywhere. "Now I am reborn."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Mendez


As soon as you go for the door, you're faced with a horrible abomination. A large, humanoid creature stands at seven feet with skin as white as bone. It's face is a horrible scarred mess, with a smile that goes from ear to ear as it breaths heavily. It raises a long, thin claw, and reaches out to touch you.


"Get the fuck away from me!" you cry.


Then, the beast attacks. It leaps forward, grabbing you, and with the second hand grabs the banister to the stairwell. It flings itself up to the upper floor as you draw your handgun. You unload a full clip into its head, but the bullets bounce off against the creature as you stare at it in horror.


"What the fuck are you?" you say, aghast, as you're dragged into a room lit only by a single candle.


You're flung into the center of the room, before the demon starts chuckling like a baboon. You back away, before hearing a small, faint whisper that you can barely make out, seemingly coming from all around you.


"Yes... this one will do..."


"Stay away from me!" you shout, backing away.


You look around the room, seeing two possible hiding places, and the door. You could hide in a small fireplace or behind a massive wooden bookcase, or you could charge the door and try get out.
> You hide behind the bookcase
You crawl behind the bookcase, but the abomination attacks. It leaps forward, slashing its claws across the side of you face. You scream as blood flows out and you collapse on the floor behind the bookcase. It lets out a howling laughter, before grabbing your ankle and dragging you off into the darkness.


"Now..." the voice whispers from everywhere. "Now I am reborn."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Mendez


As soon as you go for the door, you're faced with a horrible abomination. A large, humanoid creature stands at seven feet with skin as white as bone. It's face is a horrible scarred mess, with a smile that goes from ear to ear as it breaths heavily. It raises a long, thin claw, and reaches out to touch you.


"Get the fuck away from me!" you cry.


Then, the beast attacks. It leaps forward, grabbing you, and with the second hand grabs the banister to the stairwell. It flings itself up to the upper floor as you draw your handgun. You unload a full clip into its head, but the bullets bounce off against the creature as you stare at it in horror.


"What the fuck are you?" you say, aghast, as you're dragged into a room lit only by a single candle.


You're flung into the center of the room, before the demon starts chuckling like a baboon. You back away, before hearing a small, faint whisper that you can barely make out, seemingly coming from all around you.


"Yes... this one will do..."


"Stay away from me!" you shout, backing away.


You look around the room, seeing two possible hiding places, and the door. You could hide in a small fireplace or behind a massive wooden bookcase, or you could charge the door and try get out.
> You make a run for the door
You charge towards the door, but the abomination attacks. It leaps forward, slashing its claws across the side of you face. You scream as blood flows out and you collapse on the floor. It lets out a howling laughter, before grabbing your ankle and dragging you off into the darkness.


"Now..." the voice whispers from everywhere. "Now I am reborn."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Rivera


You're left surrounded by chaos as your group disbands. You raise your rifle and fire into the masses of demonic undead, before desperately backpedaling to escape their clawing hands. You back away as you hear a new round of horrified screams over your coms.


"Stay away from me! God our father, grant your blessings upon me. I am a sinner, but I beg you protect me from the darkness and flames and allow me safe passage..." you mutter quickly.


The demonic undead continue sprinting towards you, but thankfully your bullets manage to at least force them back through sheer force if failing to hurt the demons.


Click


"Shit!" you cry, turning and breaking away.


You find an oak door and stumble through it as you hear growling right behind it. You slam the door shut, before hearing the thump of creatures charging into the door. As the door shuts, you're left in complete and utter darkness. You quickly switch on your flashlight, and freeze. A tall, fur covered humanoid creature stands in front of you, gazing at you with a single black eye and a mouth filled with jagged teeth. It's fur is wet, covered with thick red blood. It sniffs the air, and looks around the room, continuing to sniff the air.
> You hide
You freeze, staring at the demon, and begin backing away. You roll behind a bookshelf, as you hear the sniffing continuing. You stop as you release the creature hasn't appeared to see you. It must be blind, or its vision incredibly impaired for it not to see you. You hear the sniffing demon nearing you, and take a deep breath as its face nears you, reciting prayers in your head. Then, its head rolls around, its thick, fur covered face staring at you with its terrifying eye. 
> You run past the demon
You charge past the demon, but it head butts you, knocking you back. It slams a hoofed foot into your chest, breaking several ribs and slamming you into the door. You cough up blood, and it kicks once more, crushing your skull.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You freeze, staring at the demon, and begin backing away. You roll behind a bookshelf, as you hear the sniffing continuing. You stop as you release the creature hasn't appeared to see you. It must be blind, or its vision incredibly impaired for it not to see you. You hear the sniffing demon nearing you, and take a deep breath as its face nears you, reciting prayers in your head. Then, its head rolls around, its thick, fur covered face staring at you with its terrifying eye. 
> You drive your thumbs into its eye
You grab the demon's head, and begin pushing your thumbs into its eye. It roars, but you continue to drive your gloved thumbs forward, popping the eye open like a boil and releasing horrible, black pus running all along your hands. The demon falls backwards, lying limp on the floor. You hear the thuds of undead on the door, and stumble around in the darkness. You find another wooden door, and push it open, finding a staircase descending into a lower floor, the basement.
> You descend into darkness
You walk into the darkness, before you see a small glimpse of a terrifying face. The pale face of a preteen boy appears briefly from the darkness. Its mouth and eyes are stitched shut, and its ears have been lopped off. It, or he, or whatever the fuck this is be it demon or victim, stares at you, it's shut eyes peering into your soul, before turning and disappearing into the dark. You flick on your flashlight, although you catch no glimpse of the child. You hear the demonic undead up the stairs break into the room you were in, and you realize you have no other choice than to explore the darkness to try find a way out.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You freeze, staring at the demon, and begin backing away. You roll behind a bookshelf, as you hear the sniffing continuing. You stop as you release the creature hasn't appeared to see you. It must be blind, or its vision incredibly impaired for it not to see you. You hear the sniffing demon nearing you, and take a deep breath as its face nears you, reciting prayers in your head. Then, its head rolls around, its thick, fur covered face staring at you with its terrifying eye. 
> You pull the bookcase on top of it
You jump backwards, grabbing the top of the bookshelf and pulling it down on top of the demon. You jump on top of the bookshelf, increasing the pressure and crushing the demon. You hear the thuds of undead on the door, and stumble around in the darkness. You find another wooden door, and push it open, finding a staircase descending into a lower floor, the basement.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Rivera


You're left surrounded by chaos as your group disbands. You raise your rifle and fire into the masses of demonic undead, before desperately backpedaling to escape their clawing hands. You back away as you hear a new round of horrified screams over your coms.


"Stay away from me! God our father, grant your blessings upon me. I am a sinner, but I beg you protect me from the darkness and flames and allow me safe passage..." you mutter quickly.


The demonic undead continue sprinting towards you, but thankfully your bullets manage to at least force them back through sheer force if failing to hurt the demons.


Click


"Shit!" you cry, turning and breaking away.


You find an oak door and stumble through it as you hear growling right behind it. You slam the door shut, before hearing the thump of creatures charging into the door. As the door shuts, you're left in complete and utter darkness. You quickly switch on your flashlight, and freeze. A tall, fur covered humanoid creature stands in front of you, gazing at you with a single black eye and a mouth filled with jagged teeth. It's fur is wet, covered with thick red blood. It sniffs the air, and looks around the room, continuing to sniff the air.
> You attack the demon with the butt of your rifle
You charge the demon, slamming the butt of your rifle into the side of its head. It roars. Then, it charges forward. It slams a hoofed foot into your chest, breaking several ribs and slamming you into the door. You cough up blood, and it kicks once more, crushing your skull.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You awake naked in a small metal cage, unable to move. You bend your head slightly, looking up to see the priest.


"Who the fuck are you?" you scream. "Let me out! Let me out, bastard!"


"I am Father Borgogni," he says.


"Why are you doing this? Let me out! What the fuck did you do to those bastards?!" 


"Hush now. They were sinners, and hence, they were targets of them. You are a target. You are a sinner."


"Fuck you, you son of a bitch,"


"We are all sinners, child. Yours are particularly obvious."


"You don't know me! You don't know my sins!"


"They are written across your arms, child."


You look down at your arms, spotting the various track marks that cover your arms.


"Fuck you! Let me out you monster!"


"We are all monsters," Father Borgogni says.


"Let me out, then!"


"I can't do that. You need to face your sins. From the fires, we find redemption."


"What are you talking about, you crazy bastard?"


You crane your heard around, seeing that your metal cage sits above a small, gas-operated fireplace.


"Wait, wait, what are you...?"


Father Borgogni starts the gas, and it begins to spray up at you.


"No! Please, no!"


Father Borgogni pulls out a small lighter, and holds it by the gas.


"For fuck's sake, don't! Please, I'm a sinner! I have sinned, and I..."


Father Borgogni lights the gas, and it bursts into flames as you feel the flames lap at your stomach and knees. You scream in pain, as the bars begin to glow red and seer into your flesh.


"STOP! STOP! STOP IT!" you scream.


You desperately writhe around in the flames as Father Borgogni stares at you.


"Help me! Please! AAH! AAH!"


You scream in desperation, before Father Borgogni turns off the gas. You continue to scream as the fire stops and the bars begin to cool, before it grows down to a whimper. 


"Have you found redemption among the fire? Are you pure of heart and as innocent as the lamb?"
> You say "No!"
"We will never be pure without the lord. I hope so, though I doubt it. The son and the beast are here, but not the father."


Father Borgogni turns off the gas, before unlocking the cage. You desperately crawl out of the cage, before collapsing on the ground, gasping.


"You can prevent everything that has happened to this house from happening to the outside world. Perhaps, through recognizing your sin, you can stop this. Get out of here. Once you're out, I need you to kill everything that tries to leave."


"Sure fucking thing!" you agree frantically.


"Just do it!"


You watch in horror as the priest lights the gas fire again and pours a bottle of lighter fluid on himself.


"God, father, forgive me both for my sins," he says.


Father Borgogni falls forward, collapsing onto the burning cage as he bursts alight. You back away desperately from the fire, before desperately looking around. The pain is incredibly, and you struggle to move, although the adrenaline that's begun coursing through your veins is helping. The undead are attempting to make it through the door, but you spot your rifle and you know that you might be able to fight your way through them. You could also smash open the window and climb through, although that runs the risk of slicing open your weak body on broken glass.
> You fight through the undead
You limp over to your rifle, grabbing it and checking the clip before flicking the safety off. You slowly walk over, seeing an undead hand grasping at you. You slowly open the door, before backing away as you scream and open fire. You unload a full clip into the undead as they slowly stare at you, exploding heads and tearing off limbs.


Click


Your gun goes out of ammo, and every single one of the undead are left standing. They growl, and you continue to back up. Then, they charge. They sprint forward, and the first grabs the side of your face with a rotting hand. It begins to tear your face as another goes for your throat, ripping out the side of your face as you scream in desperation as the undead tear you apart.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"We will never be pure without the lord. I hope so, though I doubt it. The son and the beast are here, but not the father."


Father Borgogni turns off the gas, before unlocking the cage. You desperately crawl out of the cage, before collapsing on the ground, gasping.


"You can prevent everything that has happened to this house from happening to the outside world. Perhaps, through recognizing your sin, you can stop this. Get out of here. Once you're out, I need you to kill everything that tries to leave."


"Sure fucking thing!" you agree frantically.


"Just do it!"


You watch in horror as the priest lights the gas fire again and pours a bottle of lighter fluid on himself.


"God, father, forgive me both for my sins," he says.


Father Borgogni falls forward, collapsing onto the burning cage as he bursts alight. You back away desperately from the fire, before desperately looking around. The pain is incredibly, and you struggle to move, although the adrenaline that's begun coursing through your veins is helping. The undead are attempting to make it through the door, but you spot your rifle and you know that you might be able to fight your way through them. You could also smash open the window and climb through, although that runs the risk of slicing open your weak body on broken glass.
> You go out the window
You crawl towards the window, and smash it open with the butt of your gun. You hear the growling increase, and smash the glass out of the way and pull yourself out, scraping your burned, charred flesh along and causing yourself to scream as you collapse onto the ground outside. Thankfully, it's a first story window, so you collapse on the pavement outside, screaming. You stand slowly, and begin panting as you stumble towards the SWAT van. You grab the side of it, and look inside. You see the keys are there, just like you left them, as well as a three spare rifles in the back. You look back at the building, knowing the rest of your squad are in there, but going back is suicide. You could very easily take the van and get help to storm the building and rescue your friends.
> You grab a rifle and go back inside
You grab a rifle and some spare body armor, slowly strapping it on, and take a deep breath. Time to rescue your friends.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You crawl towards the window, and smash it open with the butt of your gun. You hear the growling increase, and smash the glass out of the way and pull yourself out, scraping your burned, charred flesh along and causing yourself to scream as you collapse onto the ground outside. Thankfully, it's a first story window, so you collapse on the pavement outside, screaming. You stand slowly, and begin panting as you stumble towards the SWAT van. You grab the side of it, and look inside. You see the keys are there, just like you left them, as well as a three spare rifles in the back. You look back at the building, knowing the rest of your squad are in there, but going back is suicide. You could very easily take the van and get help to storm the building and rescue your friends.
> You take the van and find help
You sit in the van, and quickly start the engine. You quickly pull away from the mansion, and begin driving quickly away from mansion.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You raise your gun and open fire on the creature, but your bullets simply bounce off its white hide. It continues hanging there, as your and your comrades unleash all you have.


Click


You're out of ammo. Suddenly, the creature bursts forward, grabbing Captain Mendez with immense strength and flinging him over its shoulder, and climbing along the stairwell to the upper floors. Captain Mendez screams as he fires his gun repeatedly in the creature's head to no avail. You stare as he's dragged away, and see that the only way to get to him is through the monstrous dead.
> You abandon Captain Mendez and attempt to escape through one of the side rooms
You turn, and head into one of the side rooms, followed quickly by Blanco.


"Keep going, keep going!" Blanco screams, as you spot a small staircase heading downstairs to the basement.


Suddenly, a door bursts open, and a man with a priest collar bursts out. He holds a sack, and quickly pops it around Blanco's head, tightening it.


"Ah!" Blanco yells, as you raise your gun.


The priest throws the now blind Blanco into a side room, before grabbing your gun barrel and pushing it aside. He quickly jabs you in the face and you fall backwards. You hit the stairs, bouncing along as you painfully rumble down the stairwell, knocking your head and arms on the hard stairs as you scream. 
> You tumble
You bounce along the stares with a terrified scream before landing painfully on the cold concrete floor. You feel your legs snap as you let out a terrified scream, crumpling to the floor as you look around, seeing nothing but darkness. You hear the horrible noises upstairs go silent, and are left alone in the darkness.


"Hello? Hello?" you call.


You hear sniffling, wheezing and gasping around you in the darkness as the other residents of this basement hear you. Deep breathing slowly gets louder as they begin heading towards you. You begin to crawl desperately backwards, your broken legs painfully scraping along the floor as you bite your lip until it begins to bleed profusely as you try to prevent yourself from whimpering and alerting the creatures as you're left alone in the dark.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You run to the front door, before pausing.


"What the fuck?"


You turn to see that now standing in front of the door is a completely white, humanoid creature that hangs on the door frame, stretching across the door way. The creature has completely black eyes, and its hands and feet have long, sharpened bone claws. 


"What the fuck is that?" Captain Mendez barks.


"Its a demon..." Rivera whimpers.


"Fuck that, shoot it!" Blanco shouts, stumbling to take out his gun.
> You run
You turn and run, following Blanco. You run from the creature, into a side room of the house.


"Keep going, keep going!" Blanco screams, as you spot a small staircase heading downstairs to the basement.


Suddenly, a door bursts open, and a man with a priest collar bursts out. He holds a sack, and quickly pops it around Blanco's head, tightening it.


"Ah!" Blanco yells, as you raise your gun.


The priest throws the now blind Blanco into a side room, before grabbing your gun barrel and pushing it aside. He quickly jabs you in the face and you fall backwards. You hit the stairs, bouncing along as you painfully rumble down the stairwell, knocking your head and arms on the hard stairs as you scream. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Porras


Your sledgehammer breaks the door open after a hefty swing, and it caves inwards. You toss the sledgehammer aside as Blanco, Rivera and Captain Mendez charge in. You quickly follow in afterwards, raising your submachine gun. A waft of warm air hits you, blasting your senses with the smell of rotting meat and burnt wood. You quickly scan the room, before pausing momentarily in shock.


"Jesus Christ..." Blanco says.


The room has a grand stairwell, and piled all along it are mutilated bodies, all missing arms, legs and heads with their torsos hacked apart, gaping holes where each of their hearts would be. You see some have their mouths and eyes stitched shut, but thankfully they're all dead. Then, you see at the top of the grand staircase is a massive crucifix. Affixed to it is a pale man, his eyes gouged out to leave two bloody holes that stare into your eyes. His mouth has been carved into a brutal Glasgow grin, before being stitched shut, leaving a creepily long smile that stand in contrast with the sheer desperate terror on what remains of his face. His naked body is covered with scars, some old, some recent. His genitals are missing, a horrified, infected hole where they once were. He stares at you in terror, somehow seeing you. His body writhes in pain as his joints twist despite being nailed to the cross, desperately moving as his stigmata begin to bleed onto the floor suddenly. 


"God our father, grant this...!" Rivera begins praying.


"Men! Check those corners! Secure the floor! Stay on target!" Captain Mendez barks. "Rivera, call in med..."


"Captain!" the radio crackles to life. "We're under attack! They're everywhere! They took Gallo... AAH! Get off me! Get off me! Captain, we need..."


"Shit! Rivera, Blanc..."


The radio goes silent.


"Captain!" the radio bursts out again, and you recognize Perez's voice. "Sindile and I got seperated! What the fuck are these...? No, please! Please, I...!" 


Perez's voice is replaced by a long, horrified scream of terror, pain and desperation.


"AAAH!" a voice screams, this one not coming from the radio.


You turn and look as the crucified man's stitches tear open, releasing a wave of blood as his lips are torn apart.


"Expergiscere!" he screams in a deep, garbled voice, before he bursts into a deep laughter.


Suddenly, the bodies on the ground begin shuddering, and they begin to stand. The crucified man continues laughing as the bodies continue to stand, pulling themselves up via the banister and standing up on legs, arms and even wrapped around other corpses. The monsters all stand, and there's a second of silence as the crucified man stops laughing. The monsters slowly turn, staring at you.
> You open fire
You raise your gun and open fire on the monsters. They shudder under the hail of your bullets, but they don't drop. They continue standing, as your and your comrades unleash all you have.


Click


You're out of ammo, and the monsters are all still standing. They're covered with bullet holes, staring at you with those terrifying dead eyes.


"Get away from me!" Captain Mendez screams, and you turn.


You see a completely white, humanoid creature that hangs on the door frame, stretching a long hand to touch Captain Mendez. The creature has completely black eyes, and its hands and feet have long, sharpened bone claws. Suddenly, the creature bursts forward, grabbing Captain Mendez with immense strength, flinging him over its shoulder and climbing along the stairwell to the upper floors. Captain Mendez screams as he fires his gun repeatedly in the creature's head to no avail. You stare as he's dragged away, and see that the only way to get to him is through the monstrous dead.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I went to the graveyard. What did I bring?
> A knife
The air was warm and damp. The world was decaying from the thick pressure against it. Trees that framed the headstones were being devoured by moss and fungus. The parasites were languid and indulgent. Their fleshy skin only growing as the bark below decayed. It made me want to be sick. 


Even now with the moon in the sky, in the time when the sun had disappeared to let the world recover, it was as if you could see the water steaming off the backs of the marble slabs and angels. 


But the darkness was still dissipated by her calm light. The flickering of candles dimly glowing beside some headstones cast a gentle softness, like fireflies dancing. It was thrilling. Romantic.


I thought of the message that I'd seen that morning and a slight smile touched my lips. 


Meet me in the graveyard. I'll make it worth your while;)


Ever since we first met, this graveyard had been our special secret. The first time here with him... it had been sparks. It had been infinity. Just thinking about it made my skin grow hotter, even in the boiling air around me.


I couldn't imagine life without him. And now- 


Wait. I saw a figure walking. Did I hide?
> You yes, you hid
I ducked behind a headstone and hoped the motion didn't catch the person's eye. People, it turned out. I heard two voices bounce across the stones. They were walking closer as a woman's voice assaulted my ears.


"Oh my god. Seriously. This is fucking terrifying. Why did you want to meet here?" The words were softened with a girlish panic and a small nervous squeaking laugh at the end.


Vapid bitch. 


Of course she wouldn't understand. 


"Trust me. It's worth it. Look, there's no one around. Just you, me, a bit of moonlight." He stopped moving, they sounded close. Maybe only two rows away. Our place.


"Hold on," he said.


"What is it?" the girl said in a terrified whisper.


"Nothing... I just caught a glance of you in the moonlight. God, Tili, you're stunning."


I could practically hear her twirling her hair around her finger and batting those dumb, glued on eyelashes as she said, "You really think so?"  


"You don't believe me?" There was a pause, then he spoke so softly I almost didn't hear, "Then let me prove it to you."


Then they were kissing. Loudly. Smacking lips. She moaned loudly. Whore.


I was patient. If I was going to catch him 'in the act' then I would wait until he was good and active. Not that I had to be very patient. There were clothes were off faster than you could say "cheating bastard." Yeah, sure, they could talk about romance and moonlight but seriously? In our place? Hell, he was rutting away in her on the grave I'd fucking picked out. When I glanced around "Tili" was gripping the rose colored marble scrollwork that had caught my eye back when it had just been Luke and me. He was panting and thrusting away while she made enough noise I was surprised the dead were still sleeping.


This isn't a porno, you little cunt. I hefted the knife. More like a snuff film.


I stood up and walked towards them. They didn't even notice even though she should have seen me clearly. I guess her eyes were too far back in her head. When I raised the knife above his head- that she noticed. The blood that came bursting from his neck all over her bare chest might have caught her attention too. She was screaming, but, well, she'd already established people wouldn't hear that. She tried to scramble back, but his body was heavy on top of her.


I got close to his face, he was weakly trying to hold the blood inside him. 


"Uh-uh," I said. "That's not going to work. You're going to die with your little bitch. Don't worry I'll make sure you're buried together."


The light was already leaving his eyes. Tili, underneath him was trying to push away, scramble back, anything. She was pleading and crying and screaming. I drove the knife into her gaping mouth just to shut her up. She clamped her teeth down on it, as if that would defend her, and tried scratching at my face with the hand that wasn't pinned beneath his body. I moved aside and grabbed a small angel statue placed beside the grave nearby, bashing her in the skull until her grip on the knife slackened. I delivered a final stab to the ribs to ensure I was rid of her. 


The night was quiet again. Their blood, all mingled, was splashed against the headstone. I could practically see the steam rising off of it.


That's right. I went to the graveyard with a knife and I killed those two cheating fucks.
> You do you have another story?
I went to the graveyard. What did I bring?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The air was warm and damp. The world was decaying from the thick pressure against it. Trees that framed the headstones were being devoured by moss and fungus. The parasites were languid and indulgent. Their fleshy skin only growing as the bark below decayed. It made me want to be sick. 


Even now with the moon in the sky, in the time when the sun had disappeared to let the world recover, it was as if you could see the water steaming off the backs of the marble slabs and angels. 


But the darkness was still dissipated by her calm light. The flickering of candles dimly glowing beside some headstones cast a gentle softness, like fireflies dancing. It was thrilling. Romantic.


I thought of the message that I'd seen that morning and a slight smile touched my lips. 


Meet me in the graveyard. I'll make it worth your while;)


Ever since we first met, this graveyard had been our special secret. The first time here with him... it had been sparks. It had been infinity. Just thinking about it made my skin grow hotter, even in the boiling air around me.


I couldn't imagine life without him. And now- 


Wait. I saw a figure walking. Did I hide?
> You no, you didn't hide
"Hey!" I stage whispered loudly, waving enthusiastically.


"Hey!" Chase called back. As he approached I saw a grin on his face. He was ducking slightly and looking around in a conspiratorial way. That's just what this was to him. Two kids sneaking outside with the cookie jar and enjoying the thrill of it. 


"Glad you could make it" I said with a shy little smile "I have something really special planned."


"Does it have to do with the bag?" he asked with that doofy grin of his. 


Sure enough, I was carrying a large tote bag. I could name each and every item in there as easily as I could say my ABCs.


"Actually that's for later."


"What do you have planned then?"


"You'll see!" I stepped away slightly and started walking between the paths. I tried twirling a little and giving him a teasing look over the shoulder. Further securing his interest wouldn't hurt.   


He followed along behind me. I looked back then with a playful giggle started to run. 


He laughed back "Dani, wait!" 


I kept right on running occasionally giving a quick glance to make sure he was still laughing, still confused, still following like a devoted little lamb. I let him get close and when he almost reached out and touched me I gave a little 'Eek!'


I dodged away easily, dancing behind a tombstone then making a beeline to the mausoleum one row over. The doors were open. I had attended to that earlier. 


"Dani, don't go in there! We'll get in trouble!" he said. But there was laughter in his voice and his feet pounded up the stairs. The moon framed his face in the door as he barreled in.


"Dani-" my name trailed away with a choked gasp as the knife found his chest. I covered his mouth with a piece of cloth. He tried to step away like a deer jerking from the hunter's grasp. It would have been foolish to stop the animalistic reflex, instead I redirected it towards the door beside him, carrying him sideways with his own energy, bouncing that pretty head of his against the brass and stone by letting go of the knife and grasping a fistful of those lovely brown curls. He fell in a stunned heap against the door. I knelt down, waiting for him to slow. When I saw the fight leaving him, I pulled the knife out once then reapplied it for good measure. There was a slight jerk in response but no sound. I pulled the cloth away and was pleased to find an even spotting of blood turned black in the moonlight.   


Chase was dead. I pushed the hair away from his eyes. I heard Him drop lightly onto the floor from the stone resting place that was set into the back of the wall. 


"Well done, Danielle." 


I turned to Him with a smile. He reached out and took the cloth from me then licked the blood there. A grin split His face.


That's right, I went to the graveyard with a knife and brought a present to the one I love.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“SHUT UP! SHUT YOUR GODDAMN SCREAMING YOU BITCH! I’M TRYING TO CONCENTRATE!” you yell at the woman strapped to the table.

Normally you don’t mind the screaming, indeed it can even bring a smile to your face, but right now you’re trying to write a love poem to your sister and it’s very difficult to focus when someone’s screaming for help. You have no idea why either, it should be painfully obvious to her by now that nobody’s going to come in to play white knight.

“Alright I can’t take this anymore. Some people are so inconsiderate!” you say taking your scalpel and turning on your camcorder on the tripod. “Subject number: 483, proceeding to dissect vocal cords.”

With a couple of quick flicks of your wrist and cuts with your scalpel and it’s done. No more screaming. As you sew her throat back up, you giggle a bit since your patient looks a little funny attempting to scream, but nothing coming out. You remember back in the old days you didn’t have such skill and you resorted to cutting out their tongues. Very messy! But medical school paid off eventually. Sometimes you can forgive ol’ Mom for pushing you into becoming a doctor, when she wasn’t beating you with a ballpeen hammer that is.

Now back to the matter at hand, your love poem to your beautiful sister. Your anniversary is coming up and Hallmark just doesn’t make cards for this occasion. Ah, just thinking about her gives you a big pink boner. You begin to grab yourself in a naughty way.

DING DONG!

Fuck! There’s the doorbell! It’s probably those fucking Mormons again!
> You answer the door naked with a human vagina on your face!
Well whoever it is you got something that’ll make them think about ringing the doorbell again! You take off all your clothes and grab your rusty chainsaw. You answer the door to a cute little girl scout. Due to your outlandish appearance she doesn’t even have time scream before you take your rusty chainsaw and chop her head clean off causing the neck to spurt blood like a geyser. You take the vagina off your face and begin to do the “Mexican Hat Dance” around the body (that’s surprisingly still standing) as the blood squirts all over you.

You my friend are one sick fuck!
> You drink the blood to give you power!
You begin to drink the blood like a water fountain, just then the mail man sees you, and he immediately pulls out a gun from his mail bag!

“Hold it right there you crazy motherfucker!”

You don’t even bat an eye, you just whistle, at which point your two pit bulls, Lucifer and Damien come running out from around the house and attack the mailman before he even gets a shot off. The dogs proceed to rip open his stomach and run off with part of his intestines, as the mail man gasps for help; you grab the axe by your front door and cut off each limb as the life flows out of his body.

While this is all good fun for you, you suddenly remember you’re supposed to be writing your love poem to your sister.
> You wallow in your sick violent endeavors
You drag the corpses of the mailman and Girl Scout into the house and put some clothes on. You play with the bodies for a bit, putting them in obscene poses, when you kind of realize you REALLY should be writing that poem for sis. Then you get a cunning plan!

You take the mailman’s remaining entrails and begin to decorate the front room with them like crepe paper! You then rip a bone out of his rib cage and dip it into the blood and begin to write poetry on a blank wall of your house. Oh won’t she be so thrilled to see the effort you put into showing how much you love her!

“Hmmm, what rhymes with decapitate?” you think.

Suddenly you hear some noise coming from the kitchen. Damn! It’s that teenage girl you captured along side the road, you thought you had her firmly tied in the attic, and you thought cutting her tendons would prevent any escape attempts. As she’s trying to crawl out the back door, you grab a mallet and smash it into her spine, shattering it! She howls in pain, at which point you take a fillet knife and begin to skin her alive, finally after about a half hour of this you get tired of her screaming and take a mallet and smash her so hard in the back of the skull that the mallet goes straight through where upon her brains come oozing out. Hmmmmm tasty!

Well you wasted a bunch of time and never finished your poem. Your sister just pulled up in the drive way and you’ve got bodies in the hallway, a body in the kitchen, entrails on the walls and blood all over the place.

She’s not going to be pleased about this mess you’ve made.

How do you want to handle this?
> You try to make up an excuse
You quickly wash your hands and try to think up an excuse, but there just simply isn’t time, when sis comes in, you just come off sounding like your retarded cousin Billy.

“Um…hey sis, I uh…did you see the poem I wrote on the wall? I know it’s not finished, but uh…”

Your stuttering excuses are not well received.

“Goddammit! Y’know I don’t expect much from you, but it’s our fucking anniversary today and you can’t do ONE nice thing for me? What the fuck, you leave bodies in the hallway for me to clean up and blood all over the fucking place? And what’s dinner doing on the fucking kitchen floor? I told you a hundred times USE THE FUCKING TABLE! Christ, we’re not fucking animals!”
“But baby, she almost escaped, I had to…”
“I don’t want to hear it! I’ve had a hard day, but do you care? No, you all you think about is yourself! Shit, you’re like a fucking child sometimes! I’m going to sleep. And I mean SLEEP! You come sniffing for a little something in the bedroom tonight and you’ll have to use a strap on in order to fuck me in the future!” and with that warning she storms upstairs and you hear a door slam.

Ouch. You really screwed the pooch on this one. Better stay out of her way for a little while. You quietly return to the basement and find that your patient has died. Apparently, you didn’t sew that incision up as good as you thought and while she was still attempting to move her throat to scream, she split the stitches and bled out. Wonderful, now you’ll have to get another live subject. Still, no sense in wasting a perfectly good body.

You fuck the corpse, but it just isn’t the same as fucking your sister, she’s so much livelier. After you finish up, you decide to go get that live subject. You spend the rest of the night driving around in your car attempting to pick up a hooker. Strangely the streets are devoid of them tonight. Typical, Never a hooker around when you need one. Finally you strike lucky and one comes up to your car.

“You lonely honey? I bet I can put a smile on your face.” she asks.
“I bet you can. I bet you can…” You say with a sinister smile.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You drag the corpses of the mailman and Girl Scout into the house and put some clothes on. You play with the bodies for a bit, putting them in obscene poses, when you kind of realize you REALLY should be writing that poem for sis. Then you get a cunning plan!

You take the mailman’s remaining entrails and begin to decorate the front room with them like crepe paper! You then rip a bone out of his rib cage and dip it into the blood and begin to write poetry on a blank wall of your house. Oh won’t she be so thrilled to see the effort you put into showing how much you love her!

“Hmmm, what rhymes with decapitate?” you think.

Suddenly you hear some noise coming from the kitchen. Damn! It’s that teenage girl you captured along side the road, you thought you had her firmly tied in the attic, and you thought cutting her tendons would prevent any escape attempts. As she’s trying to crawl out the back door, you grab a mallet and smash it into her spine, shattering it! She howls in pain, at which point you take a fillet knife and begin to skin her alive, finally after about a half hour of this you get tired of her screaming and take a mallet and smash her so hard in the back of the skull that the mallet goes straight through where upon her brains come oozing out. Hmmmmm tasty!

Well you wasted a bunch of time and never finished your poem. Your sister just pulled up in the drive way and you’ve got bodies in the hallway, a body in the kitchen, entrails on the walls and blood all over the place.

She’s not going to be pleased about this mess you’ve made.

How do you want to handle this?
> You act like nothing happened
You decide to act nonchalant and cool. You grab the girl you were skinning and throw her on the table and continue to cut her up like you’re cooking dinner.

Sis comes in.

“Hi honey! How was your day today?” you ask cheerfully.
“Ugh, I don’t want to talk about it! Is that our mail man?”
“Yeah, had to do it, he pulled a gun on me.” You answer.
“Are you alright?”
“Oh I’m fine, don’t worry about it.”
“Is that what we’re having for dinner?” your sister asks pointing at the girl on the table.
“Yeah, sorry about not having it ready yet, but as you can see I had a lot of visitors today.”
“Hm. Well I’m tired anyway. I’m going to bed for a little while. I trust you’ll keep dinner warm. And as much as I adore the thought you put into the entrail decorations I trust that it, and the mess you left in the hallway will be cleaned up.”
“Of course sweetheart.”

You kiss her before she heads upstairs, but before you pat yourself on the back too much, you hear her yell one last thing at you.
“And if you’re going to write me a poem, use a fucking pen and paper! Don’t ruin the goddamn walls!”
“Will do dear! Sorry!” you say.

Well it wasn’t as bad as it could’ve been. Of course now you’ve got a lot of work ahead of you. You were hoping for a little action tonight, it being your anniversary and all, but instead you spend the rest of the day and part of the night preparing dinner and cleaning up your mess. By the time you’re finished, you’re very tired and rest on the couch eating some dinner while watching the history channel. Sis comes down at this point stating that something smells good, but you’ve already fallen asleep, with a bit of brains hanging from your mouth as you snore.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You begin to drink the blood like a water fountain, just then the mail man sees you, and he immediately pulls out a gun from his mail bag!

“Hold it right there you crazy motherfucker!”

You don’t even bat an eye, you just whistle, at which point your two pit bulls, Lucifer and Damien come running out from around the house and attack the mailman before he even gets a shot off. The dogs proceed to rip open his stomach and run off with part of his intestines, as the mail man gasps for help; you grab the axe by your front door and cut off each limb as the life flows out of his body.

While this is all good fun for you, you suddenly remember you’re supposed to be writing your love poem to your sister.
> You get back to your sick romantic endeavors
No more time to play around, sis will be home soon! You drag the bodies in the house and into the basement where you put them aside for later use. You put your clothes back on and check on your patient who is now unconscious. Good, you now have peace to work on your poem.

You begin to put your feelings to paper as quickly as you can. As you write you think it’s curious how you can easily write nice things about her. You have don’t really have good feelings at all towards most people; all you have is distain, and a wish to hurt them badly.
It’s basically as if you save all your pleasantness for her and why not? She’s the only one who’s ever stood by you. Right from the beginning…

You remember when you made your first kill, back in high school. You killed your so called best friend Johnny because he was annoying you and being unbelievably stupid. You two were in your room arguing over music. He claimed that Poison was the best band in the world, and you were insisting that Motely Crue was the best band in world! Then you he called you a faggot for liking them and then you ended up taking a straight razor that you’d been using on a cat the day before, and slashed him across the goddamn eyes! As he was screaming you turned up “Dr. Feelgood” really loud to drown it out and started to carve his face off! Naturally this noise attracted your sister who was in the house trying to study and she came in to tell you to turn it down. You can only imagine that you looked like a deer in the headlights when she opened the door to find you butchering your best friend, but she didn’t run, scream or even ask why you did it; she just said you needed to get rid of the body before mom got home. You and her dug a hole in the back yard and did a little cleaning and that was the end of it. As you dumped Johnny’s mutilated carcass into the hole together, that’s when you knew you found your soul mate. You can’t imagine life without her.

As you think about these things, you remember something else.

“Wait a minute, why the hell was I defending Motley Crue so much? I listened more to AC/DC…. oh well, he was still pissing me off.”

You just finish up your poem as you hear sis come in the front door upstairs, now to present it to her.
> You do it in a romantic way
You run up stairs quickly to read the poem to her. She looks tired.

“Hey baby, listen to what I wrote for you!” you say with the paper in your hand.
“Hm? Can it wait? I’m really tired.”
“Yeah, but it’s our anniversary and I put a lot of thought into this and everything.” you say with a hurt look.
“Oh alright.”
“Great! I really hope you like it!” you say excitedly and begin.

“Oh my beloved, how I adore your long blond hair and beautiful face as much as I adore the pleading of my patients when they beg for their pathetic lives.
Oh my beloved, how I love your luscious red lips, which reminds me of the blood that drains from a hitchhiker’s artery after I slash their throat open.
Oh my beloved, how I’m obsessed with your perfect body and the smooth feel of it, not unlike that of newly polished child’s skull. But also its softness like that of intestines when I pull them out of a cheerleader’s corpse.
You are everything to me; I only go on living because of you. If you were ever to depart from this world, I would soon follow, in a bloody shoot out with the police after I sniped as many people as I could from a bell tower.
I love you my dear sister, my lover, my life.”

Then you gently caress her face.

OH SHIT YOU ARE ONE SMOOTH MOTHERFUCKER!

You made your sister so fucking wet that she practically had Niagara Falls occur in her fucking panties. Her previous fatigue is suddenly gone when she jumps on you and fucks you right then and there on the floor.

“Ahhh, flesh of my flesh, you’re still as tight as the day I broke your virginity.” You say as your dick slides into her.

Two hours later, sis is sleeping with her head resting comfortably on your chest, as you both lie there naked in the living room. With the smell of sex, blood and death still lingering in the air you smile.

“Ah life is good.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No more time to play around, sis will be home soon! You drag the bodies in the house and into the basement where you put them aside for later use. You put your clothes back on and check on your patient who is now unconscious. Good, you now have peace to work on your poem.

You begin to put your feelings to paper as quickly as you can. As you write you think it’s curious how you can easily write nice things about her. You have don’t really have good feelings at all towards most people; all you have is distain, and a wish to hurt them badly.
It’s basically as if you save all your pleasantness for her and why not? She’s the only one who’s ever stood by you. Right from the beginning…

You remember when you made your first kill, back in high school. You killed your so called best friend Johnny because he was annoying you and being unbelievably stupid. You two were in your room arguing over music. He claimed that Poison was the best band in the world, and you were insisting that Motely Crue was the best band in world! Then you he called you a faggot for liking them and then you ended up taking a straight razor that you’d been using on a cat the day before, and slashed him across the goddamn eyes! As he was screaming you turned up “Dr. Feelgood” really loud to drown it out and started to carve his face off! Naturally this noise attracted your sister who was in the house trying to study and she came in to tell you to turn it down. You can only imagine that you looked like a deer in the headlights when she opened the door to find you butchering your best friend, but she didn’t run, scream or even ask why you did it; she just said you needed to get rid of the body before mom got home. You and her dug a hole in the back yard and did a little cleaning and that was the end of it. As you dumped Johnny’s mutilated carcass into the hole together, that’s when you knew you found your soul mate. You can’t imagine life without her.

As you think about these things, you remember something else.

“Wait a minute, why the hell was I defending Motley Crue so much? I listened more to AC/DC…. oh well, he was still pissing me off.”

You just finish up your poem as you hear sis come in the front door upstairs, now to present it to her.
> You strip as you read it to her!
You run up stairs quickly to read the poem to her. She looks tired.

“Hey baby, listen to what I wrote for you!”
“Hm? Can it wait? I’m really tired.”
“Yeah, but this is different, I got something special in mind!”
“Oh alright.”

You begin to read your poem, while clumsily attempting to take off your clothes. It’s a half assed attempt all the way around. By the end of all of it, you’re standing butt ass naked in front of her. If you had chosen to do one or the other, your sister might’ve been more impressed, but instead she’s more amused than anything. Still, that’s at least a step in the right direction.

“Okay, well that was a very sweet attempt to be romantic and I appreciate the effort, but I’m very tired and I’m going to sleep.”
“Wait! Didn’t that do anything for you?”
“Well other than laugh, not really.”
“But it’s our anniversary, I thought we we’re going to…” you begin grinding up against her at this point.
“Oh alright, if you must have your way with me you can, but don’t expect me to do anything except lay there.”
“That’s okay, I’ll just pretend you’re a dead body!” you say and pick her up to carry her off to the bedroom
“Wow, you really know how sweet talk a girl.” Your sister says half-asleep.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Well whoever it is you got something that’ll make them think about ringing the doorbell again! You take off all your clothes and grab your rusty chainsaw. You answer the door to a cute little girl scout. Due to your outlandish appearance she doesn’t even have time scream before you take your rusty chainsaw and chop her head clean off causing the neck to spurt blood like a geyser. You take the vagina off your face and begin to do the “Mexican Hat Dance” around the body (that’s surprisingly still standing) as the blood squirts all over you.

You my friend are one sick fuck!
> You chop up the body and make cookies!
Not wishing to linger too much outside without any clothing on you quickly take the girl scout’s body inside and put your clothes back on. You then carry it to the kitchen and get out your cookbook of some of your favorite recipes. You swear if Mom hadn’t beaten you into to becoming a doctor, you could’ve been a world famous cook. Life can be so unfair sometimes.

You effortlessly chop up the body and begin taking some choice parts to put into your gruesome idea of cookies. You add dough, yeast and an unhealthy amount of chocolate and sugar and mix the mess together. Since you also have the idea that this can be something you and your sister can share you thoughtfully shape the “cookies” into hearts. (Awww!)

While you’re waiting for them to bake in the oven, you take this opportunity to work on your poem again. When of course the fucking doorbell rings again! You grab an axe and make your way to the door.

“I swear if these are those fucking Mormon…” you mutter as you open the door.

“Howdy Doc! Mmm mmm! You got something cooking? Sure smells good! Hey me an’ Hugo got some new patient’s for ya in our truck! We’ll bring ‘em in!”

Well it’s not Mormons, but it’s almost as bad, it’s your low life “assistants” Jed and his equally dim brother Hugo. They occasionally show up with some quality stock that they provide for either prescription drugs or money. Such distasteful characters, but sometimes it’s unfortunately necessary to associate with such individuals. Of course that doesn’t mean you have to like it.
“Oh for fuck’s sake Jed, bring them around the back! We don’t need the world to fucking know. Christ you’re a pair of fucktards.” You say.

You head back to the kitchen and open the back door, as Jed and Hugo bring in a young man writhing in pain due to his arms and legs being completely broken and sticking out of the flesh. They dump him on the floor while you check on your cookies. You grab one and taste it. Hm, still needs some more time.

In the meantime your assistants seem to be having trouble with the other patient they brought. A young pregnant woman comes running through the kitchen not even noticing you and into your living room nearly tripping over her boyfriend, with Hugo and Jed in pursuit.

“Get that bitch Hugo, get that bitch!” Jed shouts.
“You don’t stand a chance girlie! How about you just give up now, and we’ll show you a good time before the Doc performs his experiments!” Hugo says as the girl swings a poker at him that she got from the fire place.
“Woohoo! This one’s a fighter! I like that!” Jed says.
“Get away from me you inbred pieces of shit!” the girl screams.

You sigh and shake your head as you watch this demented Laurel and Hardy routine from the kitchen. You grab your mallet and stealthily sneak up behind her and smash her in the head knocking her unconscious.

“Shitfire Doc, you ain’t no fun. Hugo here might be dumber than a pile of shit bricks and twice as smelly, but least he knows how to make them squawk first. Especially when they gots a bun in da oven!”

Of all the impudence! How dare this inbred peckerwood tell you who’s the MASTER at inflicting pain!
> You show him
You immediately grab a machete hanging above the fireplace and chop off Jed’s hand, at which point the stump spurts bright red blood all over the place!

“ARRRRRGH! What the hell you do that for doc?” Jed shouts.
“To remind you fucktards who the fuck I am! You and your brother have disturbed me and made a mess out of my house with your incompetence for the last time!” you say swinging again at Jed.
“Hugo, get this crazy Yankee offa me!” Jed says running away.

Hugo hits you over the head with a vase. It barely fazes you. You respond by back kicking him in the face, knocking out what little teeth he has and knocking him to the ground. You then take the fireplace poker and shove it into one of his eyes and pull out the bloody orb, while he’s screaming on the floor begging for mercy, you do the same to the other eye!

While you’re doing that, Jed comes back in with a shotgun, still bleeding profusely.

“I’m gonna blast yer fuckin’ ass away an’ then I’m gonna feed yer fuckin’ corpse to the goddamn hogs!” Jed says trying to point the gun at you with only one good hand.

At this point the pregnant woman is just regaining consciousness and standing up, but unaware of her surroundings. You duck behind some furniture and push her towards Jed, who fires wildly. The blast kills her instantly and splatters her unborn fetus into a bloody mess all over the room! This gives you enough time to charge Jed who’s having a lot of difficulty trying to reload. You knock him to the floor, pick up the shotgun and blow off one of his legs.

“AAAARGH! FUCK YOU DOC!”

You then grab the dismembered leg and beat him repeatedly with it until his head is an unrecognizable heap of gory mush resembling oatmeal. Hugo’s still screaming in agony clutching his hollowed out eye socket, you stop his screaming by jamming the poker through his mouth. Finally the young man who’s limbs were broken was attempting to drag his way out the back door, but you drag his ass back inside, slam the door and proceed to pull at his broken bones until you rip them out completely. He doesn’t even scream, he just dies, lying there as a partially boneless piece of flesh.

Then you smell smoke. Shit! The cookies! You quickly pull them out giving yourself a good burn and dropping them all over the floor.

“FUCK! SHIT! GODDAMMIT!” you yell.

You’re hot, you’re sweaty, you’re covered in blood, the house is a mess and there are dead bodies everywhere. And sis has just stepped in the front door.

“Having fun?” she asks surveying the carnage.
> You try to explain
“Baby, I had everything planned out to make this day special and…other things just kept getting in the way…um you want a cookie? I made them for you.”
“You mean those things on the floor? I’ll pass. Look, I don’t EVEN want to hear it right now. The only reason why I’m not pissed off as much I could be is because I see you killed those two fucktard assistants you had that I hated so much. Plus I’ve had a hard day and I’m too fucking tired right now. But I’m going to BED and when I come down, this shit better be fucking cleaned up and don’t expect to be playing “Stranger and Catholic School Girl” with me tonight because any attempt to do so, will result in severe pain to your most valuable players.”
“Yes dear.” You say, protectively putting your hand on your crotch.

You spend the rest of the night cleaning up, which initially consists of you taking all the bodies into the basement and shoving them into your oversized freezer. You check on your patient, who is unconscious, but still alive. You won’t get to work on her though since you still have to mop up all the blood and pick up the meat chunks still littering the floors. It really just sucks all the way around.

Oh well at least you got to kill a bunch of people.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You immediately grab a machete hanging above the fireplace and chop off Jed’s hand, at which point the stump spurts bright red blood all over the place!

“ARRRRRGH! What the hell you do that for doc?” Jed shouts.
“To remind you fucktards who the fuck I am! You and your brother have disturbed me and made a mess out of my house with your incompetence for the last time!” you say swinging again at Jed.
“Hugo, get this crazy Yankee offa me!” Jed says running away.

Hugo hits you over the head with a vase. It barely fazes you. You respond by back kicking him in the face, knocking out what little teeth he has and knocking him to the ground. You then take the fireplace poker and shove it into one of his eyes and pull out the bloody orb, while he’s screaming on the floor begging for mercy, you do the same to the other eye!

While you’re doing that, Jed comes back in with a shotgun, still bleeding profusely.

“I’m gonna blast yer fuckin’ ass away an’ then I’m gonna feed yer fuckin’ corpse to the goddamn hogs!” Jed says trying to point the gun at you with only one good hand.

At this point the pregnant woman is just regaining consciousness and standing up, but unaware of her surroundings. You duck behind some furniture and push her towards Jed, who fires wildly. The blast kills her instantly and splatters her unborn fetus into a bloody mess all over the room! This gives you enough time to charge Jed who’s having a lot of difficulty trying to reload. You knock him to the floor, pick up the shotgun and blow off one of his legs.

“AAAARGH! FUCK YOU DOC!”

You then grab the dismembered leg and beat him repeatedly with it until his head is an unrecognizable heap of gory mush resembling oatmeal. Hugo’s still screaming in agony clutching his hollowed out eye socket, you stop his screaming by jamming the poker through his mouth. Finally the young man who’s limbs were broken was attempting to drag his way out the back door, but you drag his ass back inside, slam the door and proceed to pull at his broken bones until you rip them out completely. He doesn’t even scream, he just dies, lying there as a partially boneless piece of flesh.

Then you smell smoke. Shit! The cookies! You quickly pull them out giving yourself a good burn and dropping them all over the floor.

“FUCK! SHIT! GODDAMMIT!” you yell.

You’re hot, you’re sweaty, you’re covered in blood, the house is a mess and there are dead bodies everywhere. And sis has just stepped in the front door.

“Having fun?” she asks surveying the carnage.
> You weep
You fall to your knees in defeat and hold your head in your hands.

“Baby I tried so hard to do something special for you when you got home, I had a poem that I didn’t get to finish, I tried to cook for you and I fucked that up, and I made a mess of the house. Then all these worthless pieces of shit kept ringing the doorbell…I didn’t want this day to be like this.” You weep.

Your sister goes over to comfort you.

“There, there, its okay. I know you probably tired your best. Don’t worry. If it makes you feel any better, I always hated those two assistants you had, so I’m glad you killed them. You could consider that your anniversary gift to me if you want.”
“Really?” you say
“Sure.” She says and kisses you, which seems to make everything better.
“Thanks, (Sigh) I guess I have a lot of cleaning up to do though.”
“Oh don’t worry about that, leave it for tomorrow, its not like they’re going anywhere. Come upstairs with me.”
“Alright!” you say and begin to grope her.
“Down boy, I’ve had a hard day and I’m actually very tired and going to sleep, but I just want you to lie beside me and hold me.”

Normally you’d complain about not getting any, but after the hard day you’ve also had, you wouldn’t mind getting some rest yourself, so you comply and you both sleep throughout the night holding each other.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Not wishing to linger too much outside without any clothing on you quickly take the girl scout’s body inside and put your clothes back on. You then carry it to the kitchen and get out your cookbook of some of your favorite recipes. You swear if Mom hadn’t beaten you into to becoming a doctor, you could’ve been a world famous cook. Life can be so unfair sometimes.

You effortlessly chop up the body and begin taking some choice parts to put into your gruesome idea of cookies. You add dough, yeast and an unhealthy amount of chocolate and sugar and mix the mess together. Since you also have the idea that this can be something you and your sister can share you thoughtfully shape the “cookies” into hearts. (Awww!)

While you’re waiting for them to bake in the oven, you take this opportunity to work on your poem again. When of course the fucking doorbell rings again! You grab an axe and make your way to the door.

“I swear if these are those fucking Mormon…” you mutter as you open the door.

“Howdy Doc! Mmm mmm! You got something cooking? Sure smells good! Hey me an’ Hugo got some new patient’s for ya in our truck! We’ll bring ‘em in!”

Well it’s not Mormons, but it’s almost as bad, it’s your low life “assistants” Jed and his equally dim brother Hugo. They occasionally show up with some quality stock that they provide for either prescription drugs or money. Such distasteful characters, but sometimes it’s unfortunately necessary to associate with such individuals. Of course that doesn’t mean you have to like it.
“Oh for fuck’s sake Jed, bring them around the back! We don’t need the world to fucking know. Christ you’re a pair of fucktards.” You say.

You head back to the kitchen and open the back door, as Jed and Hugo bring in a young man writhing in pain due to his arms and legs being completely broken and sticking out of the flesh. They dump him on the floor while you check on your cookies. You grab one and taste it. Hm, still needs some more time.

In the meantime your assistants seem to be having trouble with the other patient they brought. A young pregnant woman comes running through the kitchen not even noticing you and into your living room nearly tripping over her boyfriend, with Hugo and Jed in pursuit.

“Get that bitch Hugo, get that bitch!” Jed shouts.
“You don’t stand a chance girlie! How about you just give up now, and we’ll show you a good time before the Doc performs his experiments!” Hugo says as the girl swings a poker at him that she got from the fire place.
“Woohoo! This one’s a fighter! I like that!” Jed says.
“Get away from me you inbred pieces of shit!” the girl screams.

You sigh and shake your head as you watch this demented Laurel and Hardy routine from the kitchen. You grab your mallet and stealthily sneak up behind her and smash her in the head knocking her unconscious.

“Shitfire Doc, you ain’t no fun. Hugo here might be dumber than a pile of shit bricks and twice as smelly, but least he knows how to make them squawk first. Especially when they gots a bun in da oven!”

Of all the impudence! How dare this inbred peckerwood tell you who’s the MASTER at inflicting pain!
> You let it go
You resist the temptation to chop your assistants and decide to just verbally abuse them instead.

“Don’t fucking tell me how to inflict pain, I know things that would make you shit your trailertrash pants. Now you and your fucking brother get these patients down in the basement and fucking tie them to the extra tables.”
“Even the one we broke his limbs?”
“What the hell did I just say? YES! HIM TOO! GO!” you yell and smack Jed in the head with your mallet as an added emphasis. “And gag them too! I don’t want to be disturbed!”

While Jed and Hugo follow your orders, you work on your poem again. After you finish it, you check on the cookies which are now done.

“Ah yes! Some sweets for my sweet and a love poem to go with it! What better way to show that I care?” you say to yourself. You’ve always enjoyed the fact that your sister has never expected too much from you in the romantic gift department. She’s always been content with your constant obsessive love for her; for she knows if there was anything she desired you’d make no hesitation to get it for her.

You remember one time when you were in the mall and she wanted this really expensive ring she saw in a store, and you couldn’t afford it at the time, but she didn’t mind. However you could tell she really wanted it, especially when some old bat with too much money came in a few moments later and just bought it and left like it was the easiest thing in the world to fucking do.
You excused yourself and told sis that you were going to look in the bookstore for awhile. You then followed that old rich bitch to the parking lot, put on some gloves (You’re glad it was dark at the time) and choked the fucking shit out of her until her face turned fucking blue and purple. Then you took her keys, opened up the trunk of her car and threw her old ass in there and took the ring from her, returning back to the mall with nobody ever seeing anything.
And that year on your sister’s birthday you presented that very ring to her, she was very surprised and overjoyed by it. She didn’t ask how you got it (Though she probably had an idea) she was just glad that you cared enough to get it for her.

And isn’t THAT what love’s all about?

While you reminisce about that day, sis steps in the front door. You immediately present her with your gifts.

“Happy anniversary baby!” you say
“What the hell are your inbred assistants’ truck doin’ here? You know how much I can’t fuckin’ stand them! I don’t even know why you insist on working with such people.”
“Oh they just brought over some new patients and tying them up in the basement. Those fucktards will leave soon. Just think I won’t have to go out myself and get new patients for awhile, which means I can spend more time with you.” You say holding her.
“I don’t give a fuck. I’ve had a hard day, I’m tired, and I don’t want them here. Get rid of them NOW!” your sister demands.
> You get rid of them
Well whatever sis wants, she gets.

You go down into the basement to get rid of your assistants; they’ve been taking way too much time tying up your patients anyway. When you get down there Jed and Hugo seem to be taking “liberties” with your patients!

“What the shit?! GET THE FUCK OFF OF MY PATIENTS! These are to further science, not for personal pleasure! Well not for YOUR personal pleasure anyway! Get off!”
“I was tryin’ to doc!” Jed says trying to avoid your beatings to his head and attempting to zip up his pants at the same time.

You prod them both back up the stairs and out the door, when Jed and Hugo get in their truck, Jed suddenly asks for payment.

“Hey doc! What about our payment for bringing you the patients?”
“Jed you’re lucky I even let you fuckin’ live! My sister just came in and pitched a bitch about you fucktards being here. Fortunately I’m in an unusually generous mood and you’ve proven yourselves useful today despite your idiocy.” You grab a variety of pills from your pockets and shove them into Jed’s hand. “Here! Take these as payment you goddamn junkies and I hope you fuckin’ choke on them!”

Jed shakes his head. “You’re wrong doc. You ain’t right.”
“Get the fuck outta here!” you yell and kick their truck as they leave.

You go back in the house only to find sis asleep on the couch. She looks so peaceful and lovely; you don’t want to wake her up. You give a little smile when you see she has your poem in her hand. You give her a kiss on the lips and head back to the basement. You check on your patients, they all look very terrified as they continue to squirm for freedom. Muffled yelps come from the new patients and of course no sound at all comes from your old one.

“No need to fret, the two dirty hillbillies are gone. There won’t be any more molestations from them, just pure research. Really that was no way to treat a woman in your condition. You could’ve had a miscarriage over such a traumatic event.... hmmm, that’s an interesting concept. Let’s test that.” You grab a wicked looking electric saw.

“Ah yes this will do nicely, not to kill, but just to maim a little, perhaps starting by cutting some meat off the shoulder.” You look at your other two patients. “Oh don’t worry, I haven’t forgotten you, everyone will get their turn to provide for science in their own way.”

As the saw hits the bone, a muffled scream is emitted. You wish you could hear it in its pristine state, but dear sister is sleeping and you are always considerate to her.

Sometimes sacrificing one’s own pleasure is necessary to appease the ones we love.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You resist the temptation to chop your assistants and decide to just verbally abuse them instead.

“Don’t fucking tell me how to inflict pain, I know things that would make you shit your trailertrash pants. Now you and your fucking brother get these patients down in the basement and fucking tie them to the extra tables.”
“Even the one we broke his limbs?”
“What the hell did I just say? YES! HIM TOO! GO!” you yell and smack Jed in the head with your mallet as an added emphasis. “And gag them too! I don’t want to be disturbed!”

While Jed and Hugo follow your orders, you work on your poem again. After you finish it, you check on the cookies which are now done.

“Ah yes! Some sweets for my sweet and a love poem to go with it! What better way to show that I care?” you say to yourself. You’ve always enjoyed the fact that your sister has never expected too much from you in the romantic gift department. She’s always been content with your constant obsessive love for her; for she knows if there was anything she desired you’d make no hesitation to get it for her.

You remember one time when you were in the mall and she wanted this really expensive ring she saw in a store, and you couldn’t afford it at the time, but she didn’t mind. However you could tell she really wanted it, especially when some old bat with too much money came in a few moments later and just bought it and left like it was the easiest thing in the world to fucking do.
You excused yourself and told sis that you were going to look in the bookstore for awhile. You then followed that old rich bitch to the parking lot, put on some gloves (You’re glad it was dark at the time) and choked the fucking shit out of her until her face turned fucking blue and purple. Then you took her keys, opened up the trunk of her car and threw her old ass in there and took the ring from her, returning back to the mall with nobody ever seeing anything.
And that year on your sister’s birthday you presented that very ring to her, she was very surprised and overjoyed by it. She didn’t ask how you got it (Though she probably had an idea) she was just glad that you cared enough to get it for her.

And isn’t THAT what love’s all about?

While you reminisce about that day, sis steps in the front door. You immediately present her with your gifts.

“Happy anniversary baby!” you say
“What the hell are your inbred assistants’ truck doin’ here? You know how much I can’t fuckin’ stand them! I don’t even know why you insist on working with such people.”
“Oh they just brought over some new patients and tying them up in the basement. Those fucktards will leave soon. Just think I won’t have to go out myself and get new patients for awhile, which means I can spend more time with you.” You say holding her.
“I don’t give a fuck. I’ve had a hard day, I’m tired, and I don’t want them here. Get rid of them NOW!” your sister demands.
> You get rid of them...permanently
You’re a little hurt that your sister didn’t appreciate your gifts and just bitched you out for no good reason. You have feelings and while they don’t manifest themselves in the normal way, you do have them.

You angrily storm down the stairs to get rid of the two dickheads who got you into trouble in the first place, they should’ve been done by now anyway. When you find them, they’re taking liberties with your patients. Typical. No imagination. You’re out tolerance for their low life antics. They’ve spoiled your day by even showing up. You grab an electric saw and flip the switch. Jed turns around and stops his debauchery for a moment to see you.

“Hey Doc! Hope you don’t mind, you ready to join the fun?” Jed says
“You could say that.”

You then lunge at Jed with the saw and drill it right between eyes! He lets loose a shout and falls off the table, with blood and brains leaking out of the hole.

“MY BROTHER!” Hugo yells and attempts to grab you, but you cut off some of his fingers in the process. While he’s screaming about that, you kick him in the balls and when he falls you run the saw across his back and pull out his fucking spine dripping of spinal fluid and blood, killing him instantly.

“THERE! I GOT RID OF THEM! YOU HAPPY NOW?!” you yell at the top of your lungs.

Totally immersed in blood lust and still angry about being scolded and feeling unappreciated, you begin to attack your tied up patients as well, cutting them up into bloody chunks, until nothing except you is still breathing in the basement.

Feeling spent, but still mad, you pant heavily as you climb the stairs, to tell your sister you carried out her wishes like you ALWAYS do. That’s when you find her asleep on the sofa, looking the very personification of beauty. Your previous anger is leaving you, and when you see that she has your poem in her hand, it leaves you completely.

You feel a euphoric joy. She did appreciate your gifts.

You kiss her on the lips without waking her up, and go change your clothes. You then head up to the attic, where a young woman you picked up from along side the road not to long ago, is tied to a chair. Looks like she’s been trying to get free too, she wouldn’t get far though considering the first thing you did was cut her tendons.

“Well it appears an opening in my patient roster has occurred. I can see you now. And I can assure you; it will hurt, A LOT.”

You turn on your saw…<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“SHUT UP! SHUT YOUR GODDAMN SCREAMING YOU BITCH! I’M TRYING TO CONCENTRATE!” you yell at the woman strapped to the table.

Normally you don’t mind the screaming, indeed it can even bring a smile to your face, but right now you’re trying to write a love poem to your sister and it’s very difficult to focus when someone’s screaming for help. You have no idea why either, it should be painfully obvious to her by now that nobody’s going to come in to play white knight.

“Alright I can’t take this anymore. Some people are so inconsiderate!” you say taking your scalpel and turning on your camcorder on the tripod. “Subject number: 483, proceeding to dissect vocal cords.”

With a couple of quick flicks of your wrist and cuts with your scalpel and it’s done. No more screaming. As you sew her throat back up, you giggle a bit since your patient looks a little funny attempting to scream, but nothing coming out. You remember back in the old days you didn’t have such skill and you resorted to cutting out their tongues. Very messy! But medical school paid off eventually. Sometimes you can forgive ol’ Mom for pushing you into becoming a doctor, when she wasn’t beating you with a ballpeen hammer that is.

Now back to the matter at hand, your love poem to your beautiful sister. Your anniversary is coming up and Hallmark just doesn’t make cards for this occasion. Ah, just thinking about her gives you a big pink boner. You begin to grab yourself in a naughty way.

DING DONG!

Fuck! There’s the doorbell! It’s probably those fucking Mormons again!
> You ignore it; you forgot where you placed the vagina anyway!
You can’t let anything distract you from your task at hand. You let the doorbell ring and whoever it is goes away eventually.

“Okay, let’s see, what rhymes with disembowel?” you think. You continue to write with a focus that’s often only unleashed when you’re immersed in your murderous activities or fucking sis. Actually it’s amazing how often those two can overlap sometimes.

You remember one time you and sis were in the car on top Lover’s Point, with nobody else around looking at the moon and stars. You two were getting hot and heavy with the kissing, you felt up her tits, she grabbed your dick and she was just putting her luscious lips on your sperm syringe when this FUCKING BUM came knocking on the window begging for fucking change! Man, were you fucking PISSED! You couldn’t think of anything else except doing this piece of shit scum lots of bodily harm. You got out of the car and the first thing you did was throw the shitbum to the ground and started smashing his face into the pavement! His whimpers of mercy meant nothing to you. You then beat his nutsack into a bloody mush to match his face! When you were sure he wasn’t breathing anymore, only then did you look around to see your sister standing nearby leaning against the car, playing with her clit the whole time you were beating this piece of shit to death. God that was a fucking major turn on! You immediately bent her over and fucked her good and hard on the hood of your car and didn’t stop until you (and her) were fucking spent.

Ah good times…

DING DONG!

FUCK! There’s the doorbell AGAIN! You can’t resist this time, you HAVE to answer it and take care of fucking business. You grab an axe and head upstairs. When you answer the door you’re met by 2 young men in white shirts and black ties.

Fucking Mormons…
> You chop them up right now!
You can’t contain your hatred! You can’t stand Mormons, they come to your fucking door, you kill them, and fucking MORE show up! AARRRGH!

Before they can even say, “Do you know the teachings of Joseph Smith?” you swing your axe and split the skull of one of them, causing a spray of blood to gush from his head and fall to the ground! As the other turns to run, you push him forward causing him to lose his balance and trip down the stairs, breaking his neck…but not killing him. A gruesome display of bone just barely sticking out of the flesh makes you laugh.

“I can’t feel my legs! I can’t feel my arms!” the Mormon screams.
“No shit, your neck’s broken, bitch!” you say and carefully carry him in the house and lay him on the sofa. Pity he can’t feel pain anymore below his neck, but you’ve got plans to do experiments. You drag the other one with the axe in his head in the house and close the door.
“For God’s sake kill me and put me out of my misery!” he screams.
“I thought you guys were against assisted suicide.” you say.
“That’s Catholics!”
“Oh yeah that’s right. I had a couple of those a few days ago. They were begging for death too, after I removed their intestines through their assholes. You know I told them that I would end the agony with a quick death if they renounced God. And guess what? They did. Funny how easy people throw away what they believe in when under terrible pain. Hmmm I wonder if you’d do the same…”
“You…monster! God will punish you for your inhumanity!”
“Perhaps…but not today. Now how to get you to feel pain, after you went and broke your neck? Ah! I got it! Now don’t you go anywhere!”
> You go get some fish hooks from the basement
You run down to the basement and grab some fish hooks, before you leave, you check on your other patient who is now unconscious. You take time out to admire your previous snip and sew work. When you get back upstairs you find that your sister is home surveying your work.

Uh oh, you just realized you didn’t finish your poem to her.
> You continue your experiment
Well if you’re in trouble, you’re in trouble, might as well continue what you’re doing.

“Hey baby! How are you?” you say getting ready to put the fish hooks into the man’s eyelids.
“I’m very tired and I had a hard day.” Sis replies
“Yeah, I know the feeling, I was working on a poem for you, and THESE fucktards, interrupted me.”
“Hm, so you didn’t finish it?”
“No, but I almost did, I’ll give it to you tomorrow…”
“AAAAAAAAAGH! NO! STOP!” the man screams.
“Just as well, I’m a little too tired to appreciate it right now anyway, but I want it finished by tomorrow!”
“Oh you got my word on that baby!” you say and jam the hooks in the lower lids which results in more screaming.
“Okay well I’m going to bed. Remember to eat something; I know you can get really focused when you do this sort of thing.”
“Will do sis.” You say as she kisses you on the cheek and goes upstairs.

As you continue to torture the shit out of your religious patient, you think how lucky you are to have such an understanding woman. You just thought of how to finish up your poem, you’ll comment on her accepting nature.

“AAAGH! NO STOP! PLEASE! THE PAIN IS UNBEARABLE!”

Yes, you certainly are a lucky lucky man you think.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You run down to the basement and grab some fish hooks, before you leave, you check on your other patient who is now unconscious. You take time out to admire your previous snip and sew work. When you get back upstairs you find that your sister is home surveying your work.

Uh oh, you just realized you didn’t finish your poem to her.
> You end your experiment
If sis thinks you’ve been fucking around all day, she gonna be pissed, you quickly go over to the Mormon and finish breaking his neck by twisting it just a little more. Unfortunately she already thinks that.

“So I take it, this is what you’ve been doing all day?” sis asks.
“I HAD a poem written out for you and then these dicksnots showed up and distracted me!”
“I don’t want to hear it! Look, I’m tired and had a hard day. The only reason why I’m not fuming right now is because like I said I’m tired, and you didn’t make a big fucking mess for me to clean up. Not that I’d be doing it anyway, in fact I trust that you’ll be cleaning all these corpses up RIGHT?”
“Of course dear.”
“Good. Now I’m going to bed and when I wake up, I want that poem finished. AND don’t even think you’re getting anything tonight, you come sniffing around and I can think of interesting things to use those fish hooks you got.” She says and gives your balls a slight squeeze to emphasize her point. After you wince and nod, she then kisses you, biting down on your lip, drawing blood and goes upstairs.

As you start to drag the two bodies down into the basement, you still feel the ache in your scrotum and your lip is still bleeding and you realize how love can really hurt sometimes.

“But it’s a really good hurt.” You say to yourself, licking the blood from your lips.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You can’t contain your hatred! You can’t stand Mormons, they come to your fucking door, you kill them, and fucking MORE show up! AARRRGH!

Before they can even say, “Do you know the teachings of Joseph Smith?” you swing your axe and split the skull of one of them, causing a spray of blood to gush from his head and fall to the ground! As the other turns to run, you push him forward causing him to lose his balance and trip down the stairs, breaking his neck…but not killing him. A gruesome display of bone just barely sticking out of the flesh makes you laugh.

“I can’t feel my legs! I can’t feel my arms!” the Mormon screams.
“No shit, your neck’s broken, bitch!” you say and carefully carry him in the house and lay him on the sofa. Pity he can’t feel pain anymore below his neck, but you’ve got plans to do experiments. You drag the other one with the axe in his head in the house and close the door.
“For God’s sake kill me and put me out of my misery!” he screams.
“I thought you guys were against assisted suicide.” you say.
“That’s Catholics!”
“Oh yeah that’s right. I had a couple of those a few days ago. They were begging for death too, after I removed their intestines through their assholes. You know I told them that I would end the agony with a quick death if they renounced God. And guess what? They did. Funny how easy people throw away what they believe in when under terrible pain. Hmmm I wonder if you’d do the same…”
“You…monster! God will punish you for your inhumanity!”
“Perhaps…but not today. Now how to get you to feel pain, after you went and broke your neck? Ah! I got it! Now don’t you go anywhere!”
> You get a lighter from the kitchen
You grab a lighter from the kitchen and return.
“Here, have some fire Scarecrow.” You say dryly and apply a flame to his cheek causing a suitable scream and smell of burning flesh.

You continue to apply flames to his face until it’s a burnt and blackened mess of tissue. He’s still alive, but just barely. You’re a little disappointed he hasn’t renounce his faith yet, but the smell of burnt flesh is making you hungry.
> You continue to make him beg
“SAY IT! RENOUNCE GOD YOU PIECE OF FUCK!” you say angrily, but your ranting doesn’t do any good, he just groans pathetically at this point and in your raving you accidently light his hair on fire which then spreads to the couch!

“SHIT!” you say and run into the kitchen and quickly fill a pot with water and throw it on the burning couch and body. Just in time for sis to come in and see.

You don’t even get to speak.

“You stupid fucker! What the hell are you doing? I come home from a hard day’s work and I find you nearly setting the house on fire? Ugh, it stinks too. Get all this shit outta here NOW! I don’t want any excuses or to hear anything from you! Just do it! I fucking swear you’re a goddamn child! And sex is fucking out of the question so just put that out of your mind right now!” Your sister then storms upstairs.

Fucked up big time, your experiment failed and sis got pissed at you. You take the bodies down into the basement, and then drag the couch out to the curb for the garbage collectors to pick up.

You make a note in your research journal to never use fire as a means of persuasion again.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab a lighter from the kitchen and return.
“Here, have some fire Scarecrow.” You say dryly and apply a flame to his cheek causing a suitable scream and smell of burning flesh.

You continue to apply flames to his face until it’s a burnt and blackened mess of tissue. He’s still alive, but just barely. You’re a little disappointed he hasn’t renounce his faith yet, but the smell of burnt flesh is making you hungry.
> You kill him and cook him up proper
You’re getting bored anyway, you decide to end this experiment and give his neck a twist to finally kill him. You then take him to the kitchen and start preparing him for dinner. Sis just happens to walk in at this point. You take advantage of the situation, since you realize you never finished the poem.

“Oh hi dear! How was your day?”
“Ugh. I don’t want to talk about it. Is that dinner?”
“Yeah, I would’ve had it done sooner, but you know how it is. Sorry babe.”
“Well it smells good.”
“He’s a Mormon, they generally take care of their bodies, no toxic substances to worry about, might have to add some spices though, they can be a little bland.”
“Well, I know you know how to cook, just keep it warm for me, I’m very tired and I’m going to sleep.”
“Will do sis.” You say as she kisses you and heads upstairs.

As you pull out the entrails and put them in a pot, you suddenly think up something that rhymes with “disembowel” for your poem you were trying to finish earlier.

“Blood soaked towel!” you say. “Man, I’m a doctor, a cook AND a fucking poet.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You can’t let anything distract you from your task at hand. You let the doorbell ring and whoever it is goes away eventually.

“Okay, let’s see, what rhymes with disembowel?” you think. You continue to write with a focus that’s often only unleashed when you’re immersed in your murderous activities or fucking sis. Actually it’s amazing how often those two can overlap sometimes.

You remember one time you and sis were in the car on top Lover’s Point, with nobody else around looking at the moon and stars. You two were getting hot and heavy with the kissing, you felt up her tits, she grabbed your dick and she was just putting her luscious lips on your sperm syringe when this FUCKING BUM came knocking on the window begging for fucking change! Man, were you fucking PISSED! You couldn’t think of anything else except doing this piece of shit scum lots of bodily harm. You got out of the car and the first thing you did was throw the shitbum to the ground and started smashing his face into the pavement! His whimpers of mercy meant nothing to you. You then beat his nutsack into a bloody mush to match his face! When you were sure he wasn’t breathing anymore, only then did you look around to see your sister standing nearby leaning against the car, playing with her clit the whole time you were beating this piece of shit to death. God that was a fucking major turn on! You immediately bent her over and fucked her good and hard on the hood of your car and didn’t stop until you (and her) were fucking spent.

Ah good times…

DING DONG!

FUCK! There’s the doorbell AGAIN! You can’t resist this time, you HAVE to answer it and take care of fucking business. You grab an axe and head upstairs. When you answer the door you’re met by 2 young men in white shirts and black ties.

Fucking Mormons…
> You bide your time and invite them in
You toss the axe behind the door, before they realize you even were carrying one.

“Do you know the teachings of Joseph Smith?” one asks
“Why no. No I don’t, how about you come in and tell me all about it?” you say with a smile.

As they come inside you guide them over to sit on the couch and insist on getting them something to drink,

“We really don’t require anything.”
“But I insist!” you say a little intimidatingly.
“Erm…okay I guess milk or water would be fine.”
“Great! I’ll be right back!” you say and head to the kitchen.

You sure wish they drank something a lot darker, because its gonna be a bitch trying to mix pills in the shit without it being noticable. You check the fridge and fortunately sis remembered to get milk, you can work with that somewhat. You take some pills out of your pockets and mix it in the milk good, then you return and urge them to drink.

“Mm, this milk tastes…different.”
“Yeah, its goat’s milk, so what were you saying about Joseph Smith?”

The two Mormon don’t get to bore you with the details with their faith for too long before they begin to feel drowsy. You take advantage.

“Ah, so the pills are working, nope nope don’t try to get up, you’ll never make it to the door.”
“Wha…what have you done?”
“Isn’t it obvious? I drugged you! Hey where the hell do you think you’re going?! No you don’t!”

You grab the one staggering to the doorway and trip him up. While he attempts to get off the floor you kick him in the face, and take the axe by the door and chop his fucking feet off! Then you clot the stumps with a hot poker from the fireplace to stop the bleeding. He screams and then passes out from a combination of the drugs and the pain. The other one has also passed out.

Now you decide what to do with them.
> You take them downstairs as new patients
You drag them both downstairs and strap them to the remaining tables, and then you check on your other patient who is now unconscious. As you’re admiring your previous snip and cut work. The other patients are waking up.

“Ah, you’re up. Good, now you can find out just in how much shit you’re in. Anyway I have two of you and I only really need one to conduct my research. I’m going to give one of you the chance for release if you do something for me.”
“What do you want of us?” one asks.
“Well I’ve always had a particular distain for you religious types. I’m a man of science after all. So I take great pleasure in proving belief is fleeting and under the right circumstances ANY belief can be destroyed, I don’t care how strong. It’s amazing how just a little pain and fear can cause this. I’ve done this with many different faiths. Strangely Catholics seem to flip the easiest, but I’m sure you’d rather not hear about my work so I’ll get to the point. My proposal is the first one to renounce his faith and God; I will release him from the ordeal of excruciating pain which I will inflict on the other.”
“You are mad if you think we’d do that! We are strong in our faith!”
“Are you sure? Because when I turn the bonesaw on and start lopping off your fingers one at a time, you’ll probably be changing your tune and it’ll be too late then.”
“Do your worst! God will protect us!”
“I’ll do it! I renounce God and my faith in the Mormon church!” the one with no feet shouts.
“JACOB! You weakling! You have to stay strong in the face of evil!” the other shouts.
You smile and load up a hypodermic with some sort of heavy duty tranquilizer.
“I’m sorry! I can’t do it! He’s already taken my feet off! I’ll do anything to get out of here!”
“Who said anything about letting you out of here?” you ask rhetorically. “I said I would release you from the pain.”
“Wha…”
“I’m gonna keep you doped up silly and alive, while I extract your organs and sell them on the black market! What? You think I do this purely for fun? I gotta make a living you know and next to Buddhists you Mormons keep your bodies pretty pure leaving your organs usually in excellent condition. Besides where the fuck were you gonna run to? I chopped off your fucking feet you dumb bastard! Nighty night!” you then inject him and his face goes from realized terror to asleep within seconds.

You then hear your sis come in upstairs. Shit you were having so much fun; you didn’t finish your poem!
> You quickly finish it and run upstairs
You scramble for the paper you had your poem on and just write some half assed and seems to rhyme well. Then you run upstairs.

“Hi baby, how was your day?”
“Ugh, I don’t want to talk about it…why is the milk left out?”
“Uh, well some people came over an they wanted milk and I guess I forgot to put it away, after I drugged them and dragged them into the basement. Sorry.”
“Y’know I hope you haven’t been fucking around all day, I don’t expect much from you, but it IS our anniversary and…”
“I didn’t forget! Here, see? I wrote a poem for you!” you say and hand it to her.

Your sister reads it quickly and smiles a bit, but you only JUST got yourself out of doghouse. You can tell she expected more when she gets to the end of your poem. (Which you’d just slapped together)

“Hmm, well I’m going to sleep, I’ve had a hard day and I’m very tired. Don’t expect anything tonight.”
“Well I have a lot of work to do downstairs anyway, I got some cash cows down there that could bring in a lot of money, and then I can buy that necklace you wanted.”

This seems to please your sister a bit as it shows you’re making an effort. She kisses you and then goes upstairs where upon you head back downstairs to your patients

“Damn, it appears I won’t get to do that research I wanted, I gotta buy my sister an expensive gift to make up for today and I’ll need to sell both of your organs. Guess you get to live for a little while longer.”
“You’re a psychopath! And while I’m unconscious I’ll be praying to God in my dreams for punishment to be brutal.”
“Unconscious? Who said I’m going to render you unconscious? You still never renounced your faith. I’ll be keeping you fully awake while I extract your organs; I think I’ll start with one of your kidneys.”

You grab a scalpel and carve into the soft flesh, and the screams begin to commence.

“PLEASE GOD MAKE IT STOP!”

“Hmm, he doesn’t seem to be listening, maybe he doesn’t care about you. Guess you should’ve renounced him.” You say calmly and cutting deeper.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You drag them both downstairs and strap them to the remaining tables, and then you check on your other patient who is now unconscious. As you’re admiring your previous snip and cut work. The other patients are waking up.

“Ah, you’re up. Good, now you can find out just in how much shit you’re in. Anyway I have two of you and I only really need one to conduct my research. I’m going to give one of you the chance for release if you do something for me.”
“What do you want of us?” one asks.
“Well I’ve always had a particular distain for you religious types. I’m a man of science after all. So I take great pleasure in proving belief is fleeting and under the right circumstances ANY belief can be destroyed, I don’t care how strong. It’s amazing how just a little pain and fear can cause this. I’ve done this with many different faiths. Strangely Catholics seem to flip the easiest, but I’m sure you’d rather not hear about my work so I’ll get to the point. My proposal is the first one to renounce his faith and God; I will release him from the ordeal of excruciating pain which I will inflict on the other.”
“You are mad if you think we’d do that! We are strong in our faith!”
“Are you sure? Because when I turn the bonesaw on and start lopping off your fingers one at a time, you’ll probably be changing your tune and it’ll be too late then.”
“Do your worst! God will protect us!”
“I’ll do it! I renounce God and my faith in the Mormon church!” the one with no feet shouts.
“JACOB! You weakling! You have to stay strong in the face of evil!” the other shouts.
You smile and load up a hypodermic with some sort of heavy duty tranquilizer.
“I’m sorry! I can’t do it! He’s already taken my feet off! I’ll do anything to get out of here!”
“Who said anything about letting you out of here?” you ask rhetorically. “I said I would release you from the pain.”
“Wha…”
“I’m gonna keep you doped up silly and alive, while I extract your organs and sell them on the black market! What? You think I do this purely for fun? I gotta make a living you know and next to Buddhists you Mormons keep your bodies pretty pure leaving your organs usually in excellent condition. Besides where the fuck were you gonna run to? I chopped off your fucking feet you dumb bastard! Nighty night!” you then inject him and his face goes from realized terror to asleep within seconds.

You then hear your sis come in upstairs. Shit you were having so much fun; you didn’t finish your poem!
> You continue your work
You’re too focused on making this sorry sack of shit beg for mercy and to renounce his faith. You start by shoving saxophone reeds under his fingernails! When he refuses to give in, you start putting straight pins into his ball sack! Unsurprisingly, all this screaming soon causes your sister to come downstairs.

“Hey! Didn’t you hear me come in?” she asks.
“Uh yeah, hi honey.”
“Don’t fucking hi honey me! It’s obvious you’ve been doing nothing, but fucking around all day, but you didn’t even take the time to at least acknowledge me and ask how my day was? You inconsiderate bastard! Y’know I don’t expect much from you, but shit, I at least expect you to put in the fucking effort! Fuck, this is pointless. I’m too tired, and I’m going to bed. And while I know you seem to be REALLY engrossed in your research to even care, don’t expect to be fucking me anytime soon, because you’ve fucking pissed me off severely!”

Your sister storms upstairs and you hear a door slam. You stab your scalpel deep in the thigh of your patient in anger.

“You see what the fuck you did?! You got me in fucking trouble! If you fuckers hadn’t come around, I wouldn’t have gotten distracted! She’s fucking pissed at me and probably won’t speak to me in weeks! Do you know how much it hurts being separated from someone or something you love? I’m gonna make sure you feel the same fucking pain I feel right now. What I’ve done so far is nothing compared to what I’m gonna do!”

You begin to do a series of tortures that would be too long to list here, but needless to say, he feels more pain than you do and definitely more than he could’ve ever imagined.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You toss the axe behind the door, before they realize you even were carrying one.

“Do you know the teachings of Joseph Smith?” one asks
“Why no. No I don’t, how about you come in and tell me all about it?” you say with a smile.

As they come inside you guide them over to sit on the couch and insist on getting them something to drink,

“We really don’t require anything.”
“But I insist!” you say a little intimidatingly.
“Erm…okay I guess milk or water would be fine.”
“Great! I’ll be right back!” you say and head to the kitchen.

You sure wish they drank something a lot darker, because its gonna be a bitch trying to mix pills in the shit without it being noticable. You check the fridge and fortunately sis remembered to get milk, you can work with that somewhat. You take some pills out of your pockets and mix it in the milk good, then you return and urge them to drink.

“Mm, this milk tastes…different.”
“Yeah, its goat’s milk, so what were you saying about Joseph Smith?”

The two Mormon don’t get to bore you with the details with their faith for too long before they begin to feel drowsy. You take advantage.

“Ah, so the pills are working, nope nope don’t try to get up, you’ll never make it to the door.”
“Wha…what have you done?”
“Isn’t it obvious? I drugged you! Hey where the hell do you think you’re going?! No you don’t!”

You grab the one staggering to the doorway and trip him up. While he attempts to get off the floor you kick him in the face, and take the axe by the door and chop his fucking feet off! Then you clot the stumps with a hot poker from the fireplace to stop the bleeding. He screams and then passes out from a combination of the drugs and the pain. The other one has also passed out.

Now you decide what to do with them.
> You do something else
You have a cunning plan! You quickly tie the two Mormons up in some dinning room chairs and then head downstairs to get your other patient, who is now unconscious. You untie her and carry her upstairs and tie her to yet another chair beside the Mormons. Finally you go upstairs to the attic where you’ve got another patient tied up. A young runaway you picked up hitchhiking along side the road. She’s wide awake though.

“Come on girlie, I got plans for you.” You say and drag her downstairs and put her in the last chair. Due to all the movement and some slaps to the face, now ALL your patients are awake and rightfully afraid. You like that fear.

“Wha…? What are you going to do?” one of the Mormons asks.
“Silence!” you say and punch him in the face with some spiked knuckles, breaking some teeth and putting some gashes in his face. “Now then, it is my sister and my anniversary today, and I want to do something special. So what I’ve planned is for all of you, is to sing happy anniversary when she gets home. Okay, now let’s try it, uh…I don’t know your names…okay you’re Girlie, you’re Gashface, you’re Stumpy and you’re Voiceless. Damn, I forgot you won’t be able to sing seeing as I cut your vocal cords…alright fuck it, just mouth the words. Okay go!”

All your patients are too frightened to do anything, they don’t comply, well at least not until you slice off a nipple from Girlie!

“NOW FUCKING SING GODDAMMIT! Don’t make me command you again! And Voiceless I wanna see you mouthing the words, causing if you ain’t puttin’ in the same effort as them, I’m gonna make you sightless as well!” you shout.

As they all begin caterwauling “Happy Anniversary” you work on you poem.

“And I would burn a baby in its crib and eat the crispy brat, just for a hint of your love…goddamn I’m a fucking genius!” you say finishing up the last line. You look outside and see your sister drive up. You quickly get prepared.

“Alright shut the fuck up! Here she comes! Do exactly what I said and your death will be a lot quicker. Piss me off and you’ll be learning a whole new meaning of agony.”

As soon as sis steps in the door, your choir of the tortured begins to sing (Well three of them anyway) and you read your poem to her as they sing. Your sister is VERY touched by this grand display of love.

“Oh baby! You’re so thoughtful!” she exclaims and hugs and kisses you, while you squeeze her supple ass.
“Oh shit, I wanna fuck you you so bad right now, my dick is about to detach itself from my body and just live in your fucking pussy for about a week!” you say.
“Ohhh, you’re so specific. Well I’m ready if you are, but I think you need to take care of them first, you know I’m shy and I don’t like crowds.”
> You kill 'em quick and get to fucking!
You take your scalpel out and approach your patients.

“Well you’re in luck! You all did well and get a quick death! You can be first Nipple Girl!” you then slash her throat open causing an arterial spray of blood to drench you. You then do the same for Gashface, Stumpy and Voiceless. By the time you’re done, you’re covered in blood, but your sister rather likes that. You then proceed to fuck your sister on the blood covered floor, (Which only makes the licking portion of the sex even hotter for you two) until some other bodily fluids are released.

Afterwards, your sister goes to wash up and go to bed, while you realize you have to get another patient seeing as you killed all your current ones.

But it was worth it, anything for love.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You have a cunning plan! You quickly tie the two Mormons up in some dinning room chairs and then head downstairs to get your other patient, who is now unconscious. You untie her and carry her upstairs and tie her to yet another chair beside the Mormons. Finally you go upstairs to the attic where you’ve got another patient tied up. A young runaway you picked up hitchhiking along side the road. She’s wide awake though.

“Come on girlie, I got plans for you.” You say and drag her downstairs and put her in the last chair. Due to all the movement and some slaps to the face, now ALL your patients are awake and rightfully afraid. You like that fear.

“Wha…? What are you going to do?” one of the Mormons asks.
“Silence!” you say and punch him in the face with some spiked knuckles, breaking some teeth and putting some gashes in his face. “Now then, it is my sister and my anniversary today, and I want to do something special. So what I’ve planned is for all of you, is to sing happy anniversary when she gets home. Okay, now let’s try it, uh…I don’t know your names…okay you’re Girlie, you’re Gashface, you’re Stumpy and you’re Voiceless. Damn, I forgot you won’t be able to sing seeing as I cut your vocal cords…alright fuck it, just mouth the words. Okay go!”

All your patients are too frightened to do anything, they don’t comply, well at least not until you slice off a nipple from Girlie!

“NOW FUCKING SING GODDAMMIT! Don’t make me command you again! And Voiceless I wanna see you mouthing the words, causing if you ain’t puttin’ in the same effort as them, I’m gonna make you sightless as well!” you shout.

As they all begin caterwauling “Happy Anniversary” you work on you poem.

“And I would burn a baby in its crib and eat the crispy brat, just for a hint of your love…goddamn I’m a fucking genius!” you say finishing up the last line. You look outside and see your sister drive up. You quickly get prepared.

“Alright shut the fuck up! Here she comes! Do exactly what I said and your death will be a lot quicker. Piss me off and you’ll be learning a whole new meaning of agony.”

As soon as sis steps in the door, your choir of the tortured begins to sing (Well three of them anyway) and you read your poem to her as they sing. Your sister is VERY touched by this grand display of love.

“Oh baby! You’re so thoughtful!” she exclaims and hugs and kisses you, while you squeeze her supple ass.
“Oh shit, I wanna fuck you you so bad right now, my dick is about to detach itself from my body and just live in your fucking pussy for about a week!” you say.
“Ohhh, you’re so specific. Well I’m ready if you are, but I think you need to take care of them first, you know I’m shy and I don’t like crowds.”
> You say you want you and her to kill them together
Your sister has no words. She’s beyond touched. Never have you ever asked her to share in a kill. She always assumed it was something you liked doing by yourself, that’s why she always would leave you to it. This truly is a momentous occasion! You give her a scalpel and motion her over to Nipple Girl while you go over to Gashface.

“Now baby, you just put the blade across her neck like so and…” you then quickly run your own blade across Gashface’s neck and the blood comes flowing from it like a gushing river. “See! It’s very easy! Now you try it!”

Sis does so, and she doesn’t quite kill her subject instantly on the first try, but that hardly matters, in fact you like it even more when sis slashes her throat again this time killing her.
“Yay! I did it! Whoo, this is fun!” she says as blood sprays on her.

You smile at this remark and you and sis take care of Stumpy and Voiceless in the same manner. Never before have you felt such a close bond with her, the way she uses the scalpel it’s almost like an extension of her hand. You don’t know why you never thought of this before. You look at each other and your hearts beat as one, while your patients’ beat no more. You then make mad passionate love on the blood soaked floor, amidst the death and gore.

When you two are finally finished, you sleep and lie in the blood holding each other, like you’ve both just been born from your mother’s polluted womb. It’s so serene, so peaceful, even the voices in your head have silenced for a moment.

This is truly paradise.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You’re watching porn at home, in teenage bliss,
When some fool starts texting—oh, it’s your Sis.
“I can’t drive right now, come and get me,” she says
Sometimes, you really hate that fat stupid lez.

Christmas party with friends, she’d be safe, she swore.
But her friends might as well be two dollar whores.
And so you play the hero, when she gets lit.
Sucks, but now you gotta deal with this shit.

Resigned, you grab keys, slam the door of the car,
Check address and sigh; this place is pretty far.
A manse in the woods, sounds like a bad movie.
Yet there you must go, to rescue that floozie.
> You shortly...
More texts arrive, as the road enters the trees,
“Blake, things are getting kind of weird, hurry please.”
“Most of my friends seem to be sick or in pain,”
“But don’t call the cops, we’ve had lots of cocaine.”
> You (Great.)
Well here you are! This old mansion is creepy.
Katie better be real sorry and weepy.
No one cares to answer, when you ring the bell.
So you just let yourself in. Might as well.
> You (Go in.)
This place, for a party, it’s oddly quiet?
Though they sure trashed the place; looks like a riot.
Yet you see no one around, where’d they all go?
There’s two places to search, up high or down low.
> You search upstairs.
Ascending the stairs, they creak and they shiver.
If you break your neck, you’ll never forgive her.
Stench up here recalls wet dog, stains on the floor,
Just past the landing, something bangs at a door.
> You (Open?)
“Katie?” you ask, giving the brass knob a turn.
Just a bit too hasty, a fact you soon learn.
Your motives were good. Well, goodish, at least,
But the last thing seen are the teeth of a beast.
> You {RIP}

> You restart.
You’re watching porn at home, in teenage bliss,
When some fool starts texting—oh, it’s your Sis.
“I can’t drive right now, come and get me,” she says
Sometimes, you really hate that fat stupid lez.

Christmas party with friends, she’d be safe, she swore.
But her friends might as well be two dollar whores.
And so you play the hero, when she gets lit.
Sucks, but now you gotta deal with this shit.

Resigned, you grab keys, slam the door of the car,
Check address and sigh; this place is pretty far.
A manse in the woods, sounds like a bad movie.
Yet there you must go, to rescue that floozie.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Ascending the stairs, they creak and they shiver.
If you break your neck, you’ll never forgive her.
Stench up here recalls wet dog, stains on the floor,
Just past the landing, something bangs at a door.
> You (Wait.)
The door shakes, it rattles, but doesn't quite roll,
A growl, and then, unearthly howls pierce your soul.
Something angry, heavy and large bangs against,
To back slowly away, seems good common sense.
> You (Open?)
Wow. Just Wow. Stupid must be genetic.
The screams that follow are quite pathetic.
Matted fur, red eyes, white fangs in dark muzzle,
Scatters your flesh like a jigsaw puzzle.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The door shakes, it rattles, but doesn't quite roll,
A growl, and then, unearthly howls pierce your soul.
Something angry, heavy and large bangs against,
To back slowly away, seems good common sense.
> You (Nope!)
A wise choice, but it already has your scent,
Smashing door to splinters, the beast’s red eyes glint.
Twisted mockery of canine, teeth like knives.
Nothing to do now but run for your life.
> You (Run down the hall.)
Sprinting away, like a little girl you shriek,
Monster dashing behind in a furious streak,
Dead end up ahead. Oh no! Guess you’re fucked!
But wait, there’s a window, maybe you can jump!
> You (Jump!)
The window is open, how lucky you are!
You roll off the roof, and then fall pretty far.
Thankfully the beast fears heights or something.
You stumble to your car, give the cops a ring.
> You (Later.)
Of course, no one believes a word you say,
And Katie is never seen past that day.
Her friends, gone too--at first the cops blame you,
Then change their tune, say there’s nothing they can do.

The government moves in, shuts down the whole site.
The suits pay a visit to your house, one night.
Have you sign papers, “Everything is fine!”
“It was all a delusion, just too much wine.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Sprinting away, like a little girl you shriek,
Monster dashing behind in a furious streak,
Dead end up ahead. Oh no! Guess you’re fucked!
But wait, there’s a window, maybe you can jump!
> You (Nah.)
Um. Okay. Not exactly sure of your plan,
But turn and face that monster, macho man.
Before you decide to fight or pray, you fall.
By doggy reduced to red slurry on wall.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A wise choice, but it already has your scent,
Smashing door to splinters, the beast’s red eyes glint.
Twisted mockery of canine, teeth like knives.
Nothing to do now but run for your life.
> You (Run into nearest room.)
Thinking fast, you pick a door and duck inside,
Beast growls without, you didn’t exactly hide.
But there must be some way to give it the slip,
Or your flesh and bones it surely will rip.
> You (Dumbwaiter.)
You think you saw this in a movie once,
So you lower yourself down, instead of lunch.
Now you’re on the first floor kitchen, but wait...
A strange girl is here with a zombie-like gait.

The girl turns to face you, blood on her mouth.
Just who the FUCK has she been eating out?
This girl is freaking you out, should you run?
Or is it time for your smoothest moves, my son?
> You (Smooth moves.)
“M’lady,” you start, but she seems unimpressed,
In your best fedora, if only you’d dressed.
But turns out she’s all over you anyway,
And then you died. What more is there to say?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You think you saw this in a movie once,
So you lower yourself down, instead of lunch.
Now you’re on the first floor kitchen, but wait...
A strange girl is here with a zombie-like gait.

The girl turns to face you, blood on her mouth.
Just who the FUCK has she been eating out?
This girl is freaking you out, should you run?
Or is it time for your smoothest moves, my son?
> You (Run.)
You turn and dart down the hall, run past Kate...
Wait, what? Back up. Is this delusion or fate?
Something different about the way she walks,
Glinting in her eyes, oddness when she talks.

Be great to go home, but you're not sure of this.
"Katie? Is that you?" You squint suspicious.
She giggles, “It’s me! And thanks for the ride.”
But you can’t help but have certain doubts inside...
> You (Let's not question this!)
Well, “Don’t look a gift sister in the mouth.”
As a wise man once said. You think it was Proust?
Or maybe it wasn’t. You don’t really care.
You’re taking “Kate” outside, into the night air.
> You (To be fair...)
You know something is off. Her eyes are too bright.
The truth is, you were scared shitless that night.
Wander the evil house some more? Fuck that!
Now technically, everything is wrapped up pat.

And it’s all good, you like your new sister.
Just ignore that sunlight makes her skin blister.
‘Sides, this Kate doesn’t drink, not liquor at least.
And you sleep fine, with cross blessed by a priest.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You turn and dart down the hall, run past Kate...
Wait, what? Back up. Is this delusion or fate?
Something different about the way she walks,
Glinting in her eyes, oddness when she talks.

Be great to go home, but you're not sure of this.
"Katie? Is that you?" You squint suspicious.
She giggles, “It’s me! And thanks for the ride.”
But you can’t help but have certain doubts inside...
> You (Begone, foul witch!)
“Just what the fuck is going on here?” you ask.
“Blake, don’t be silly!” ‘Kate’ has a strange laugh.
“Brother dear, let’s leave this place, forget this night.”
Now you know something’s up, Kat’s NEVER this nice.

“Tell me if you’re fake, I swear I won’t be mad.”
‘Kate’ shrugs a bit, even looks a little sad.
“I was trying to help,” she says with a purr,
“Your sister’s downstairs, but you’ll never find her.”

Then bright flash of light, and black cat runs away,
Probably to shit somewhere, then sleep all day.
But hey, ‘downstairs’, good idea no doubt,
Still hear snarling above, best to get out.
> You (Search downstairs.)
Descending the stairs, they creak when you walk.
It’s dark down here, but you’re too manly to balk.
“Anybody there? Your lights aren’t working.”
You helpfully call to anything lurking.

Lights flare to life, candles on skulls that glare,
Ooh, scary. You get it. You don’t fucking care.
Here’s a spooky pentagram scratched on the floor,
Why not just put ‘Satanists’ on the front door?
> You (Search.)
Shackles on a table and...is that blood real?
That’s incredibly unhygienic, you feel.
Whatever, find Katie, get out of here quick.
These people are into some really weird shit.

Next room, you find a book on a pedestal,
You touch it--the sensation regrettable.
Questionable leather stitched to the cover,
Rust-red runes, aura of wrong does hover.
> You (Read it?)
You can’t quite make sense of the writing at first,
Till the text resolves into blasphemous verse.
Strange, writhing runes brand your flesh, start to glow.
Not quite sure, but you THINK you just sold your soul.

Now it ALL makes sense, you finally see clear,
Just claw out your eyes, and stab out your ears.
Man was not meant to witness abyssal planes,
Let all that dark knowledge leak out with your brains.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Shackles on a table and...is that blood real?
That’s incredibly unhygienic, you feel.
Whatever, find Katie, get out of here quick.
These people are into some really weird shit.

Next room, you find a book on a pedestal,
You touch it--the sensation regrettable.
Questionable leather stitched to the cover,
Rust-red runes, aura of wrong does hover.
> You (Ignore.)
Yeah, this ain’t Skyrim, no mid-dungeon reading,
Just locate your sister, and get to leaving.
Finding Kate, easier said than done, of course.
It’s a maze down here, you yell till you’re hoarse.

No signal for texting to learn what the fuck,
It’s all down to you, your wits and your luck.
One hallway slopes downward, one ends at wall blank,
Footprints and a draft, a hidden door, you think.
> You (Look for door.)
So this entrance, it’s got to be here, let’s see...
If you were a secret door, where would you be?
Then...aha! You’ve got it! A loose brick clicks.
This batshit house can’t fool you with its tricks.
> You enter
Come out on a balcony, take in the sights.
Below, a bizarre scene, it just ain’t right.
Dull red glow, eerie voices chanting.
Around a portal, robed figures dancing.

To a tattooed man, they seem to give credit,
Not a bad set up, if you can get it.
Prisoners, forced to bow to the man in charge,
Sis easy to recognize, she is...quite large.

Well! Time to free Kate, and be the big hero.
But, truth, you’ve never felt more like a zero.
You haven’t the slightest clue what to do.
Regardless, right now, it’s all up to you!
> You (Search for weapon.)
Searching the ledge for things stabby or shooty,
You stumble across unexpected booty.
Two strong, independent women, locked in cells,
How convenient, right there’s the key on a shelf.

“I’m Layne,” says the raven-haired beaut with red lips,
“I’ll kill that tattooed fuck and cut off his dick.”
“Don’t believe a word she says!” the other cries.
She’s a blonde, mommish type, big tits and blue eyes.

She shows you a badge. “I’m Linda, detective.”
“Layne is one of them, don’t trust her a second.”
Layne rolls her eyes. “I’m a vampire,” she claims.
“Ready to show these cultists a world of pain.”

You’re sure they both have backstories compelling,
Pathos to fill a novel best selling.
But to be distracted now, could death equal,
Save chatting up NPCs for the sequel.

So, who to choose? It’s quite the dilemma.
Officer MILF or the foxy killa?
Who can help the most, who can be trusted?
Make up your mind, before the lock’s rusted.
> You (Linda)
“Thanks! Now follow me, I know just what to do!”
Few bad guys around, but this chick knows kung fu.
She leads you to a secret weapon stash.
Boxes of ammo and shotguns that blast.

To mow cultists down you’re now fully equipped,
You take up positions, and let ‘er rip!
They seem surprised when you aim for their middles,
Rather upset, when with bullets they’re riddled.

Now, wonder what Linda’s up to over there?
Blows a hole in Tattoo’s chest, beyond repair.
Grabs a book from his side, begins to intone,
Some weird Latin shit, you don’t even know.

She steps toward the portal; it crackles with light.
“I always wanted to be Queen of the Night!
And Blake? By the way? You’re a gullible fuck.”
A wave and a laugh and she’s gone. Just your luck.
> You (So that happened.)
The ground rumbles, the walls tremble, the floor shakes.
(And other phrases to describe earthquakes.)
“Blake! What the hell! Hurry and undo this lock!”
Oh right. Katie, your sis. You almost forgot.
> You (Hero time!)
The cell key unlocks her chains, imagine that!
Someone Up Above must want to end this path.
The building’s still shaking, it’s time to bail!
The stairs make Kat wheeze like a dying whale.

Bursting out the front door, you did it, you’re free!
Well done! You win! A hero you’ll always be.
Make haste for the car, peel out in the drive.
Mansion sinks to Hell behind you, what a dive.

Kat is sorry, she picked such a bad party,
Her thanks are profuse, her gratitude hearty.
But ten minutes later, Katie is snoring.
Bitch forgets the whole thing, by the morning.
> You (End)
Unbelievable! Blake didn’t die.
Here, have a well-earned slice of pie.



(By the way, this is the best ending you’ll get,
Dodged a dozen much worse, you’re good at this shit.)

(Another aside, congrats, you unraveled,
the absolute longest pathway to travel.)<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Searching the ledge for things stabby or shooty,
You stumble across unexpected booty.
Two strong, independent women, locked in cells,
How convenient, right there’s the key on a shelf.

“I’m Layne,” says the raven-haired beaut with red lips,
“I’ll kill that tattooed fuck and cut off his dick.”
“Don’t believe a word she says!” the other cries.
She’s a blonde, mommish type, big tits and blue eyes.

She shows you a badge. “I’m Linda, detective.”
“Layne is one of them, don’t trust her a second.”
Layne rolls her eyes. “I’m a vampire,” she claims.
“Ready to show these cultists a world of pain.”

You’re sure they both have backstories compelling,
Pathos to fill a novel best selling.
But to be distracted now, could death equal,
Save chatting up NPCs for the sequel.

So, who to choose? It’s quite the dilemma.
Officer MILF or the foxy killa?
Who can help the most, who can be trusted?
Make up your mind, before the lock’s rusted.
> You (Layne)
“Good choice. Now wait outside a moment, please.”
Reasonable request. You feel quite at ease.
There comes to your ear a sound like bones snapping,
Layne steps out, informs you Linda is napping.

“I’ll kill the cultists, stay beside me, don’t slip.”
Seems you’ve been downgraded to inept sidekick.
But vampire, sure. You let her do what she does,
And a guard is soon missing most of his blood.

When you reach the portal she really cuts loose,
Goes after Tattoo with no quarter or truce.
Fight’s pretty cool, they’re all flipping and shit,
You avoid cultists, try not to get hit.

Then...whoops! Layne gets skewered, though she’s not mortal,
Strong enough still, drags his ass through the portal.
They both disappear in a flash of bright light,
Ground starts to rumble, better call it a night.
> You (Moving on.)
Cultists are freaking out or whatever,
You go for Kat, try to keep it together.
“Blake! Get me out of here, this party’s the worst!
“No shit Sis, let’s go, ‘fore we leave in a hearse.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Searching the ledge for things stabby or shooty,
You stumble across unexpected booty.
Two strong, independent women, locked in cells,
How convenient, right there’s the key on a shelf.

“I’m Layne,” says the raven-haired beaut with red lips,
“I’ll kill that tattooed fuck and cut off his dick.”
“Don’t believe a word she says!” the other cries.
She’s a blonde, mommish type, big tits and blue eyes.

She shows you a badge. “I’m Linda, detective.”
“Layne is one of them, don’t trust her a second.”
Layne rolls her eyes. “I’m a vampire,” she claims.
“Ready to show these cultists a world of pain.”

You’re sure they both have backstories compelling,
Pathos to fill a novel best selling.
But to be distracted now, could death equal,
Save chatting up NPCs for the sequel.

So, who to choose? It’s quite the dilemma.
Officer MILF or the foxy killa?
Who can help the most, who can be trusted?
Make up your mind, before the lock’s rusted.
> You (Both?)
Vaguely you hope this will end in a threesome,
But the ladies alas, just won’t see reason.
“Bloodsucker!” “Witch!” then both fall to fighting.
The ruckus draws in the guards like lightning.

Dashing out of a side door, bravely you run,
So much for help, now you’re back to square one.
But you suppose, while attention’s diverted,
You’ll free Kate, ‘fore cultists get perverted.
> You (Stealth mode.)
Low to the ground, action theme blaring in head,
Aren’t you precious. Just try not to wind up dead.
You can’t shake the feeling you look like a dweeb,
But soon you spot the distraction you need.


A pooch on a leash, like the pupper upstairs,
Looks raring to go, find someone to tear.
Unpredictable yeah, it’s taking a chance,
But he’d be just the thing to crash this dance.
> You (Unleash?)
In a moment you’re showered in bloody rain,
Fuckin dog cleans house like a hurricane.
You free Katie and friends, tell them to run,
Then oops, your foot slips, it looks like you’re done.
> You (Ack.)
Hit the ground hard, get up in a hurry,
Pooch runnin’ towards you in a crimson flurry,
You dodge to the left, but should’ve gone right,
Knocked into the portal, it erupts with light.

Where you wind up, no one ever can say.
House up and vanishes, by dawn of day.
Katie feels real bad, for what has been done,
Decides to become a fat lesbian nun.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Low to the ground, action theme blaring in head,
Aren’t you precious. Just try not to wind up dead.
You can’t shake the feeling you look like a dweeb,
But soon you spot the distraction you need.


A pooch on a leash, like the pupper upstairs,
Looks raring to go, find someone to tear.
Unpredictable yeah, it’s taking a chance,
But he’d be just the thing to crash this dance.
> You (Never mind. Just...throw a rock or something?)
On second thought, it’s simpler to throw a rock.
Don’t need some crazy mutt to bite off your cock.
You find one, pitch it, but the cultists act wrong.
They don’t all swarm over there in a throng.

Worrisome how they now search for you.
Games were wrong. Not a stealthy thing to do.
Though now you wish you’d found a savepoint,
As these nutters grab you, your bones to disjoint.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Yeah, this ain’t Skyrim, no mid-dungeon reading,
Just locate your sister, and get to leaving.
Finding Kate, easier said than done, of course.
It’s a maze down here, you yell till you’re hoarse.

No signal for texting to learn what the fuck,
It’s all down to you, your wits and your luck.
One hallway slopes downward, one ends at wall blank,
Footprints and a draft, a hidden door, you think.
> You (Downward.)
Soft curtains of cobwebs, brush against hand,
Water drips, wet fetid air, hard to stand.
Uneasy feeling in pit of your stomach,
Then a sight ahead makes your heart plummet.

Massive chamber, webbed bodies, dangle in air,
Some rotting, some fresh, with fixed glassy stares.
Now THIS, this is bullshit. You cannot deal.
Turn back? Go on? You’ll piss yourself for real.
> You (Go on.)
Wow, great idea! Keep digging in deeper,
This surely can’t lead to date with the Reaper.
In fact, Ol’ Grim, he’s beaten to the prize.
By chitinous mandibles, rows of green eyes.

Skittering down the wall, on too many legs,
What happens next involves breakfast, and eggs.
Really I’d rather not go into detail,
Spiders are scary, and sanity frail.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Soft curtains of cobwebs, brush against hand,
Water drips, wet fetid air, hard to stand.
Uneasy feeling in pit of your stomach,
Then a sight ahead makes your heart plummet.

Massive chamber, webbed bodies, dangle in air,
Some rotting, some fresh, with fixed glassy stares.
Now THIS, this is bullshit. You cannot deal.
Turn back? Go on? You’ll piss yourself for real.
> You (Turn back.)
Yes. Let's leave, never think of this place again.
Now where's that secret door, how do you get in??
Then...aha! You’ve got it! A loose brick clicks.
This batshit house can’t fool you with its tricks.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Thinking fast, you pick a door and duck inside,
Beast growls without, you didn’t exactly hide.
But there must be some way to give it the slip,
Or your flesh and bones it surely will rip.
> You (Search side rooms.)
Forgotten trinkets, cobwebbed shelves, layered dust,
Plethora of knickknacks, abandoned to rust.
In the last room, door slams, locks with a snikt,
A tall man stand there, he looks pretty ticked.
> You ("Hello?")
“A trespasser, I see. This displeases me.”
You start to stammer questions about Katie,
But...this man, so hot, you forget what to say.
So sexy, so pale, and you’re not even gay!

You stare awhile and feel quite mesmerized,
There’s just a certain...something, in his eyes.
“Go stand in the corner till I want a snack.
No mortal shall interrupt my fucking nap.”

This all seems quite reasonable, and while
He climbs in his coffin you can’t help but smile.
(Seems Katie is not getting saved after all,
Malleable Blakie is now some vampire’s thrall.)<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A wise choice, but it already has your scent,
Smashing door to splinters, the beast’s red eyes glint.
Twisted mockery of canine, teeth like knives.
Nothing to do now but run for your life.
> You (Run back down the stairs.)
Fleeing down old, steep stairs is tough for a man,
Four legs are better, so much for this plan.
Before halfway down, you’re savaged by hound,
Dead, quite dead, before you tumble to ground.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>This place, for a party, it’s oddly quiet?
Though they sure trashed the place; looks like a riot.
Yet you see no one around, where’d they all go?
There’s two places to search, up high or down low.
> You search downstairs.
Descending the stairs, they creak when you walk.
It’s dark down here, but you’re too manly to balk.
“Anybody there? Your lights aren’t working.”
You helpfully call to anything lurking.

Light flickers on, candles on skulls that glower.
These must be eco-freaks, saving their power.
You spy a pentagram scratched on the floor,
Christmas now, so why the Halloween decor?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>They came at night, through the streets of all the cities, worldwide. The world population dropped 40% the first few nights, before the humans figured it out. They were Hunters, and they prowled the earth at night. As the sun rose, they would scurry off to what whatever hole in the ground they occupied. Heaven forbid you came across one, or your death would soon follow.


They weren't hunting for food, though. It took even longer for the humans to learn this. Their true motive wasn't clear, but one thing was: they were spreading. A man would go outside after dark, just to pee or investigate a noise. Then, you'd hear the clicking, the rustling of leaves on trees and bushes, and the man would be taken, scooped right up off the ground. Seemingly vanished, the man would return, several nights later, to the very door of his home. But he would be different.


Your neighborhood banded together. Lights were put up around the neighborhood edges. The Hunters didn't like the light too much, and it was easier to see their dark bodies against the light. Old Christmas lights, oil lamps, even flashlights were used to watch the woods carefully for movement. Families stayed in their homes, and those who were old enough to defend would watch over the elderly and kids. You were in charge of a group of girls, two houses over. Their mother was taken in the beginning, before humans learned.


Life went on as normal during the day. School and jobs functioned, society was alive and well. You went to the store to buy food for your family, as well as the girls. You maintained your job as a truck driver, transporting packages between warehouses and pickup locations. The only difference was that sometimes, people would stop showing up. A teacher wouldn't come to class, a regular customer to a restaurant would stop coming, and everyone just knew.


The Hunters seemed to only want humans. All attempts to bait them with dead meat and food failed, and all the animals were unharmed, despite having nowhere to hide at night. They only wanted people for some reason. Whenever they took someone, the person would come back later, in a new form.


You saw it firsthand. One night, you were in the kitchen, doing the previous day's chores. You couldn't sleep because you were on guard duty. You saw movement out of the corner of your eye, through a window. You looked up to see a figure walking down the neighborhood's entry road. It was far too small to be a Hunter, and as it stepped into the light, you realized it was Franklin Wright, owner of the house across from yours, taken just two days ago.


He slowly made his way over to his house, and you just watched. At first, he looked normal. You thought for a moment that he had actually survived, and was coming back home. You ran over to your front door and cracked it open. Frank heard it and turned around. 


Frank stared at you with empty, glazed eyes. His pupils were so dilated that you could hardly tell his eyes weren't completely black. His face was dead, his expression grim. His lower jaw hung uselessly below his head, so his mouth was hanging open. Once the shock of seeing his face so dead dissipated, you were overcome with an instinct to close the door.


Frank lowered down on all fours, like a dog. He used his feet to launch himself forward, galloping toward your house. You slammed the door shut and locked it, leaning against it with all your weight, praying that he wouldn't bust right through it. You heard Frank's hands slapping against the asphalt as he barreled towards your door, then a sickening thud as he slammed headfirst into it. 


The sound was like a melon being smashed with a hammer. You were almost afraid to open the door. Eventually, you just went upstairs and looked down from the guest bedroom window. Frank's headless body was lying motionless on your welcome mat. The remains of his head were splattered on the door, and the ground surrounding his body. You could make out a caved-in skull still attached to Frank's neck.


The noise attracted the attention of your neighbors. Your phone immediately blew up with calls from everyone, wondering what the noise was. You told everyone to stay inside, and relayed what you had just seen as lightly as you could, leaving out the more gruesome details. After everyone understood what happened, they were much more careful. Several families boarded their windows, afraid the taken would come back to plow through the weak points. 


As time went on, it happened less. Less people were taken, and so less people came back to haunt the living. You didn't know what happened to those who came back, or why they did. From your experience with Frank, you didn't want to know. It was important to stay up to date on the Hunters and how they hunted, but you didn't want to lose your humanity for the sake of staying alive.


Eventually, the Hunters became dissatisfied. The humans had understood their patterns and now barely any viable hosts were easily taken. Nobody was outside anymore, they were all hidden in their concrete fortresses. So, one night (coincidentally another night where you were awake and on guard duty), the Hunters tried something new.


You were reading a book, you don't remember which one. Most of the details are blurred, but you remember this: you had a feeling of comfort and safety in that house, reading that book, a feeling of comfort you would never get back. 


You heard a scream pierce the air, and recognized it immediately as one of the girls you were watching. You leapt up, and raced for the front door. As you stepped outside, your stomach dropped into your shoes. One of the Hunters had thrown itself into the front window of the girls' house. Before you could think about it, you started sprinting for the window. 


You jumped inside to see the youngest girl, Elizabeth, crying under a table. There was broken glass everywhere, but she didn't look hurt. You couldn't worry about her yet, as there were two more girls and a monster in the house.


You ran upstairs, yelling the girls' names. You heard a scream from the downstairs bathroom, and nearly fell down the stairs trying to get there. Your heart was pounding, you were sweating, and between the monster's growls and the girls' crying and screaming, it was a rush and a blur. You bounded into the bathroom, just in time to see a Hunter looming over one of the girls.


You'd never seen one before. You didn't see the one that took Frank, and they mostly stayed away from the neighborhood. Sure, you heard stories from people who had seen them, but this was worse than anything you could have imagined. The beast was tall and lanky, with arms and legs like wiry hoses that connected to a clump of flesh. On that clump of flesh sat a large head, with a jaw that opened wide, revealing several rows of teeth. It was black as coal, save for the deep red of its claws, three at the end of each appendage.


In the face of death, all you could do was stop and stare. It opened its mouth and howled. You had heard howls before, but only from a distance. Up close, it was loud, piercing, and painful. You stumbled backwards, and the monster shot forward. You were held by your arms in its claws as it sprinted for the front window. You fought like bloody hell to escape, but the Hunter only tightened its grip. It jumped through the front window and ran for the trees, with you in tow.


At this point, you were still very much awake. You could hear the others yelling for you, but they couldn't do anything. You felt tree branches graze you as the Hunter practically flew over the ground, running away from the neighborhood. Eventually, it was satisfied with its location. Somewhere in the darkness, in the coldest, most dead part of the night, it dropped you on the ground and delivered a bite to your neck. In any normal circumstances, you would have died. The Hunter's teeth severed multiple arteries and tore a mouthful of flesh from your neck.


But these weren't normal circumstances. The Hunter bounded off, leaving you on the ground. Your face was twisted with pain, and you were unable to move. Blood poured from your neck until there was nothing left in you. After a few minutes of agony, you faded out, assuming you were dying. But when you woke up, the pain was gone. You couldn't feel your neck anymore. You moved your arm to try to pick yourself up, only to find that you couldn't feel that, either. 


You were light as a feather and couldn't feel a thing. For a split second, you were in a state of total bliss. Then, you were snapped back into the world by a new pain, somehow worse than the neck wound. It was a pain in your stomach, a hunger unlike anything you'd felt before. You knew immediately what you hungered for. You needed blood to fill your body again. You needed human blood to save yourself.


You were strangely aware of everything in motion around you, as if your senses were heightened. You were painfully aware of the pit in your stomach. You tried to remain sane and keep your thoughts under your control, but soon a very primal impulse took over, telling you one thing:


Find food.
> You hunger
You smacked your lips and clicked your tongue. Your mouth was bone dry. You looked around for something to eat, but there was nothing. You stepped forward, and your foot landed in a puddle of your own blood. You looked down to find that the ground where you fell had collected a small reservoir of blood.


Suddenly, your instinct brought you to your knees. You scooped up some of your own blood with both hands and poured it into your mouth. The taste was bitter and metallic, but you liked it. You scooped more blood into your mouth, and drank until there was nothing left. The ground was bone-dry, and you searched around for any more blood, and found nothing. Your blood did little to satisfy you, and you jumped to the next possible source: other people. You didn't know how long you were unconscious, but it was still dark out, so you could  hunt.


As you slowly began to move forward, your joints felt tired and achy, like you'd just finished running a marathon. You felt heavy, as though you were struggling to support the weight of your own body. As you shambled in the direction of your home, your primal urges died out, and common sense came back. You at least had control over your thoughts again.


You'd switched sides. You realized that. Rather than protecting your family and living a human life, your purpose was now to eat until you were full, which you had a feeling wouldn't happen for awhile. The pit in your stomach was large and painful, and you doubted that if you ate everyone in the neighborhood that it would satisfy you.


Suddenly, another thought struck you: the Hunters didn't eat their prey. Presumably, you were the product of whatever they wanted, and you hadn't been eaten. So why were you hungry? You slowly began to realize how little you understood the creatures that plagued the earth. They couldn't just be here to wipe humans off the planet, otherwise they wouldn't be so respectful of the houses and boundaries that humans built. If the Hunters wanted to, they could easily tear through the houses' walls and take whatever they wanted.


Then, another thought emerged: you just witnessed a Hunter jump through a window, something you'd never heard of. Were they learning? The thought sent chills up your spine, but thinking made you hungry. It was harder to produce coherent thoughts now, and they came slowly, one at a time.


Before long, you ended up at the edge of your neighborhood. You gazed out at the rows of houses still illuminated by all kinds of lights. Your eyes began to widen and you tensed up at the knowledge of nearby food. But then, another thought permeated your consciousness. You weren't sure you wanted this. Every instinct told you to go out and eat your friends and family, the ones you were just protecting not too long ago. You fought the feeling and tried to maintain rational thought. 


Another thought floated to the surface of your brain: you could protect them. You could use your new state to keep them safe. If you survived having a piece of your neck ripped out, you could survive against invading Hunters. If only you could find another way to sustain yourself, you wouldn't fall victim to whatever the Hunter did to you. You wouldn't become a mindless killer like the rest. You would just have to fight the onset of madness.


A woman stepped out of her house, onto the road. Immediately, you dropped to your hands and knees. As much as you wanted to be a hero, you were hungry. An unsuspecting meal sat right in front of you. You'd have no problem overpowering her.
> You be A Hero
You bit your lip as hard as you could, and stood up. You wouldn't succumb to the beasts and their wishes. You could live a life of control, even if it meant pain. You were born a human, and you intended to live out your life as one. You stepped forward into the light. You opened your mouth to speak, but a long groan came out instead.


The woman turned to see you, and her face went white. She ran back into the house screaming bloody murder. You covered your own mouth with your hand, forgetting that you were still a monster on the outside. You needed to communicate that you weren't going to hurt anyone, and fast.


You approached the house slowly, hands raised in surrender, trying to think of ways to look friendly. As you came towards the front door, you caught a glimpse of yourself in the windshield of the family's car. Your face was pale, your eyes blank. There were bags under your eyes, and your cheeks were covered in wrinkles. The most noticeable feature, however, was the gaping hole in your neck from the bite. Your spine was exposed, and blood vessels hung like dead worms from your head.


You started to shamble away, and heard the front door burst open. The woman's husband came out wielding a snow shovel. He pointed it threateningly at you, and began to march forward. You put your hands up, palms out in surrender, hoping the man would notice. Just as he loomed close, he froze. 


Slowly and carefully, he leaned in. He was scanning your face with his eyes. You tried to force a smile, but it probably didn't look that way. The man took on a more curious tone, and asked you a few questions. You couldn't respond much further than head shakes, but you cooperated as much as you could. The man eventually stepped back in shock, and dropped the snow shovel. He was understanding you. You breathed a sigh of relief.


Suddenly, a gunshot pierced the silence. You were immediately plunged into a world of darkness as your lifeless body toppled over. The man with the snow shovel stepped back again, this time in horror. He looked over to see the source of the bullet. It was a woman who lived next door, and who apparently had a handgun. She disconnected your spinal cord in one shot, loosening your head from your shoulders. 
> You reset Game
They came at night, through the streets of all the cities, worldwide. The world population dropped 40% the first few nights, before the humans figured it out. They were Hunters, and they prowled the earth at night. As the sun rose, they would scurry off to what whatever hole in the ground they occupied. Heaven forbid you came across one, or your death would soon follow.


They weren't hunting for food, though. It took even longer for the humans to learn this. Their true motive wasn't clear, but one thing was: they were spreading. A man would go outside after dark, just to pee or investigate a noise. Then, you'd hear the clicking, the rustling of leaves on trees and bushes, and the man would be taken, scooped right up off the ground. Seemingly vanished, the man would return, several nights later, to the very door of his home. But he would be different.


Your neighborhood banded together. Lights were put up around the neighborhood edges. The Hunters didn't like the light too much, and it was easier to see their dark bodies against the light. Old Christmas lights, oil lamps, even flashlights were used to watch the woods carefully for movement. Families stayed in their homes, and those who were old enough to defend would watch over the elderly and kids. You were in charge of a group of girls, two houses over. Their mother was taken in the beginning, before humans learned.


Life went on as normal during the day. School and jobs functioned, society was alive and well. You went to the store to buy food for your family, as well as the girls. You maintained your job as a truck driver, transporting packages between warehouses and pickup locations. The only difference was that sometimes, people would stop showing up. A teacher wouldn't come to class, a regular customer to a restaurant would stop coming, and everyone just knew.


The Hunters seemed to only want humans. All attempts to bait them with dead meat and food failed, and all the animals were unharmed, despite having nowhere to hide at night. They only wanted people for some reason. Whenever they took someone, the person would come back later, in a new form.


You saw it firsthand. One night, you were in the kitchen, doing the previous day's chores. You couldn't sleep because you were on guard duty. You saw movement out of the corner of your eye, through a window. You looked up to see a figure walking down the neighborhood's entry road. It was far too small to be a Hunter, and as it stepped into the light, you realized it was Franklin Wright, owner of the house across from yours, taken just two days ago.


He slowly made his way over to his house, and you just watched. At first, he looked normal. You thought for a moment that he had actually survived, and was coming back home. You ran over to your front door and cracked it open. Frank heard it and turned around. 


Frank stared at you with empty, glazed eyes. His pupils were so dilated that you could hardly tell his eyes weren't completely black. His face was dead, his expression grim. His lower jaw hung uselessly below his head, so his mouth was hanging open. Once the shock of seeing his face so dead dissipated, you were overcome with an instinct to close the door.


Frank lowered down on all fours, like a dog. He used his feet to launch himself forward, galloping toward your house. You slammed the door shut and locked it, leaning against it with all your weight, praying that he wouldn't bust right through it. You heard Frank's hands slapping against the asphalt as he barreled towards your door, then a sickening thud as he slammed headfirst into it. 


The sound was like a melon being smashed with a hammer. You were almost afraid to open the door. Eventually, you just went upstairs and looked down from the guest bedroom window. Frank's headless body was lying motionless on your welcome mat. The remains of his head were splattered on the door, and the ground surrounding his body. You could make out a caved-in skull still attached to Frank's neck.


The noise attracted the attention of your neighbors. Your phone immediately blew up with calls from everyone, wondering what the noise was. You told everyone to stay inside, and relayed what you had just seen as lightly as you could, leaving out the more gruesome details. After everyone understood what happened, they were much more careful. Several families boarded their windows, afraid the taken would come back to plow through the weak points. 


As time went on, it happened less. Less people were taken, and so less people came back to haunt the living. You didn't know what happened to those who came back, or why they did. From your experience with Frank, you didn't want to know. It was important to stay up to date on the Hunters and how they hunted, but you didn't want to lose your humanity for the sake of staying alive.


Eventually, the Hunters became dissatisfied. The humans had understood their patterns and now barely any viable hosts were easily taken. Nobody was outside anymore, they were all hidden in their concrete fortresses. So, one night (coincidentally another night where you were awake and on guard duty), the Hunters tried something new.


You were reading a book, you don't remember which one. Most of the details are blurred, but you remember this: you had a feeling of comfort and safety in that house, reading that book, a feeling of comfort you would never get back. 


You heard a scream pierce the air, and recognized it immediately as one of the girls you were watching. You leapt up, and raced for the front door. As you stepped outside, your stomach dropped into your shoes. One of the Hunters had thrown itself into the front window of the girls' house. Before you could think about it, you started sprinting for the window. 


You jumped inside to see the youngest girl, Elizabeth, crying under a table. There was broken glass everywhere, but she didn't look hurt. You couldn't worry about her yet, as there were two more girls and a monster in the house.


You ran upstairs, yelling the girls' names. You heard a scream from the downstairs bathroom, and nearly fell down the stairs trying to get there. Your heart was pounding, you were sweating, and between the monster's growls and the girls' crying and screaming, it was a rush and a blur. You bounded into the bathroom, just in time to see a Hunter looming over one of the girls.


You'd never seen one before. You didn't see the one that took Frank, and they mostly stayed away from the neighborhood. Sure, you heard stories from people who had seen them, but this was worse than anything you could have imagined. The beast was tall and lanky, with arms and legs like wiry hoses that connected to a clump of flesh. On that clump of flesh sat a large head, with a jaw that opened wide, revealing several rows of teeth. It was black as coal, save for the deep red of its claws, three at the end of each appendage.


In the face of death, all you could do was stop and stare. It opened its mouth and howled. You had heard howls before, but only from a distance. Up close, it was loud, piercing, and painful. You stumbled backwards, and the monster shot forward. You were held by your arms in its claws as it sprinted for the front window. You fought like bloody hell to escape, but the Hunter only tightened its grip. It jumped through the front window and ran for the trees, with you in tow.


At this point, you were still very much awake. You could hear the others yelling for you, but they couldn't do anything. You felt tree branches graze you as the Hunter practically flew over the ground, running away from the neighborhood. Eventually, it was satisfied with its location. Somewhere in the darkness, in the coldest, most dead part of the night, it dropped you on the ground and delivered a bite to your neck. In any normal circumstances, you would have died. The Hunter's teeth severed multiple arteries and tore a mouthful of flesh from your neck.


But these weren't normal circumstances. The Hunter bounded off, leaving you on the ground. Your face was twisted with pain, and you were unable to move. Blood poured from your neck until there was nothing left in you. After a few minutes of agony, you faded out, assuming you were dying. But when you woke up, the pain was gone. You couldn't feel your neck anymore. You moved your arm to try to pick yourself up, only to find that you couldn't feel that, either. 


You were light as a feather and couldn't feel a thing. For a split second, you were in a state of total bliss. Then, you were snapped back into the world by a new pain, somehow worse than the neck wound. It was a pain in your stomach, a hunger unlike anything you'd felt before. You knew immediately what you hungered for. You needed blood to fill your body again. You needed human blood to save yourself.


You were strangely aware of everything in motion around you, as if your senses were heightened. You were painfully aware of the pit in your stomach. You tried to remain sane and keep your thoughts under your control, but soon a very primal impulse took over, telling you one thing:


Find food.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You smacked your lips and clicked your tongue. Your mouth was bone dry. You looked around for something to eat, but there was nothing. You stepped forward, and your foot landed in a puddle of your own blood. You looked down to find that the ground where you fell had collected a small reservoir of blood.


Suddenly, your instinct brought you to your knees. You scooped up some of your own blood with both hands and poured it into your mouth. The taste was bitter and metallic, but you liked it. You scooped more blood into your mouth, and drank until there was nothing left. The ground was bone-dry, and you searched around for any more blood, and found nothing. Your blood did little to satisfy you, and you jumped to the next possible source: other people. You didn't know how long you were unconscious, but it was still dark out, so you could  hunt.


As you slowly began to move forward, your joints felt tired and achy, like you'd just finished running a marathon. You felt heavy, as though you were struggling to support the weight of your own body. As you shambled in the direction of your home, your primal urges died out, and common sense came back. You at least had control over your thoughts again.


You'd switched sides. You realized that. Rather than protecting your family and living a human life, your purpose was now to eat until you were full, which you had a feeling wouldn't happen for awhile. The pit in your stomach was large and painful, and you doubted that if you ate everyone in the neighborhood that it would satisfy you.


Suddenly, another thought struck you: the Hunters didn't eat their prey. Presumably, you were the product of whatever they wanted, and you hadn't been eaten. So why were you hungry? You slowly began to realize how little you understood the creatures that plagued the earth. They couldn't just be here to wipe humans off the planet, otherwise they wouldn't be so respectful of the houses and boundaries that humans built. If the Hunters wanted to, they could easily tear through the houses' walls and take whatever they wanted.


Then, another thought emerged: you just witnessed a Hunter jump through a window, something you'd never heard of. Were they learning? The thought sent chills up your spine, but thinking made you hungry. It was harder to produce coherent thoughts now, and they came slowly, one at a time.


Before long, you ended up at the edge of your neighborhood. You gazed out at the rows of houses still illuminated by all kinds of lights. Your eyes began to widen and you tensed up at the knowledge of nearby food. But then, another thought permeated your consciousness. You weren't sure you wanted this. Every instinct told you to go out and eat your friends and family, the ones you were just protecting not too long ago. You fought the feeling and tried to maintain rational thought. 


Another thought floated to the surface of your brain: you could protect them. You could use your new state to keep them safe. If you survived having a piece of your neck ripped out, you could survive against invading Hunters. If only you could find another way to sustain yourself, you wouldn't fall victim to whatever the Hunter did to you. You wouldn't become a mindless killer like the rest. You would just have to fight the onset of madness.


A woman stepped out of her house, onto the road. Immediately, you dropped to your hands and knees. As much as you wanted to be a hero, you were hungry. An unsuspecting meal sat right in front of you. You'd have no problem overpowering her.
> You feed Yourself
As much as you loved your family, you weren't like them anymore. You were hungry. You promised yourself you would at least try to fight it off later, but for now, you needed blood. The increasing promise of food made you salivate, and brought some feeling back to your body. You felt stronger now.


You sprung to your feet and ran for the woman. It wasn't until you almost had her that you realized you had no idea how to drink blood. The thought was slow to emerge, slower than your impulses. You seized her and threw her over your shoulder, and turned to bolt for the woods. As you took off, you could hear the woman's husband behind you, calling for help.


You ignored the cries and ran into the woods, deeper into the darkness. Eventually, your energy started to drain. You dropped the woman and held her to the ground. You studied her, looking for an optimum spot to draw blood. You settled on her neck, and bit down hard. Your teeth were still dull and flat, so it took some effort to tear the skin. Once you passed the muscle tissue, blood began to spurt from the wound.


You drank as much as you could. The woman flailed and struggled at first, and then slowly relaxed. Within a few minutes, there was nothing left. You wiped your mouth on your sleeve, satisfied. You weren't full, far from it, but this first official meal had helped tremendously. You studied the woman's lifeless body, wondering if it would come back to life like you did. 


It didn't take long for your rational thought to come back over the rush of the hunt, and the full weight of what you just did crashed onto you. You knew this woman. You knew her husband, her kid, and you just killed her. As you searched your mind for hate and guilt, you were surprised to find almost none. You understood what you'd done, but you didn't care. You looked at your own hands, now stained with blood, and wondered if you could even consider being human any longer.


You sat in the darkness for awhile, before hunger made you rise again. Your quiet, timid voice of reason was being drowned out by your instinct to hunt, but the reason was still there. You had to eat, but you couldn't bring yourself to kill again. Could you?
> You of Course
Just a short time ago, you were human, just like the woman you just drank the blood of. And yet, you felt no sorrow or guilt. You looked at your hands again, and at the woman's body. Perhaps it was the natural order. You had failed as a human. The Hunter took you, and made you into a monster. Perhaps that was how it was supposed to be. It was the natural order of things. Your job before was to fight the Hunters, but now? Food. Food was your only constant thought, your only focus. The sun was still nowhere in sight, and your neighborhood was a stone's throw away.


Leaving your humanity on the ground next to the woman's body, you walked back to your neighborhood. Surprisingly, nobody had gone after the woman. When you got to the treeline and looked in on the neighborhood, you could see that more guards had been posted, with guns. Through a window in the house of the woman you ate, you can see her husband crying, being consoled by your wife.


Your wife.


The edges of your vision blurred with anger. It was natural this time, a natural transition into hunting mode. You sprinted up to the house and flung yourself through the window. You didn't know whether you wanted to attack the man or your wife, but you didn't have to make the choice. Your wife left the room quickly, while the man stumbled over, caught off guard by your entrance. You beat the man to the door and slammed it shut.


The man's eyes, puffy and wet with tears, were now bulged open. He was quaking in fear. You swiftly pushed him over, ripped his throat open, and began to drink. The man put up more fight than the woman, but was still as powerful as a beached tuna fish. You drank his blood until there was nothing left in him, and then wiped your mouth on your sleeve again. You left his body in the room and jumped back out the window. Once outside, you could see that the remaining guards were just entering the house through its front door.


You disappeared into the woods, much stronger now. With every meal you felt more in control, stronger than before. While you doubted you could keep coming back to your own neighborhood without being caught and killed, you still needed more food. The immense amount of blood you had just consumed felt like nothing more than a single graham cracker, whetting your appetite. You needed another feeding ground, so you set off, away from your neighborhood.


Pretty soon, sunlight began to flood the air, illuminating the world around you. You hadn't been thinking about the sun at all since your second kill, and for a brief moment you worried it would kill you. After a few seconds, nothing happened. You weren't sure what you were expecting, but the sunlight seemed to have no effect on you at all. It made you slightly curious as to why the Hunters hid during the day, but the thought quickly died. You didn't care. You were hungry.


As the sun grew higher in the sky, you kept traveling through the woods for a long time, even passing a road at one point. You were focused entirely on finding more humans, so your pupils dilated when you heard voices. You raced to the origin of the sound to find that it was a neighborhood. Its inhabitants were just waking up, apparently checking to see if anyone had been taken. 


They were standing in a group, a huge mass of humans, all talking to each other. They were unfocused, thinking they were safe since the sun was up. You licked your lips and lowered yourself among the brush to hide. Your hunger was fierce now, but even in your primal state you knew you couldn't just start tearing through the mob. There were too many people, and you didn't want to get killed.


You sat and waited for awhile. The humans finished their meeting and split up, returning to their homes. They were all getting ready for their normal days, kids getting dressed for school and adults dressing for work. It was strange watching the humans perform the very same dull routines you had once been a part of, but you were free now. It was almost amusing, seeing them monotonously prepare for the day. 


It was entertaining, sure, but your appetite only grew. You became impatient, wishing one of them would come outside to water their plants or something, or leave their kids alone inside. The humans dawdled, hugging each other and saying goodbye. You mocked them from inside your head, urging them to give you an opening.
> You wait Your Turn
Your impulse was practically pulling you towards the nearest window, but you fought the feeling back. You needed to wait for the right moment, to avoid being interrupted during your feast. You sat in the brush and counted the number of windows on the nearby houses.


Mercifully, the family of the nearest house went their separate ways, with the children presumably walking to school, and the man getting in his car and driving off to work. A lone woman remained in the house, folding laundry. Your mouth began to water as you crept over to the outer wall of the house. You sat underneath a window, hidden from the human's view.


Pretty soon, the human came outside carrying garden supplies. She began to fill a watering can from a hose mounted on the side of the house. Her back was turned to you, and she was on her hands and knees. You swiftly crossed the backyard and grabbed her by the throat, tearing it open with your fingernails. She could barely scream before you had emptied her of blood.


Your arms and legs were tingling from the kill. You knew that you needed to take every life from this neighborhood before you could even think about going anywhere else. Although you needed it to live, you had developed a drug-like tolerance to murder, and this was only....your second kill? Third? It didn't matter. Your searches for empathy or any feeling at all towards your victims kept coming up empty, so you stopped looking.


You moved to the next house, where a human was sitting outside on his front porch, alone. You stayed behind a row of bushes lining the front yard, then vaulted over the railing and sunk your teeth into the man's neck. Once again, you were too quick for him to make a peep. You drank him dry, and entered the house through the unlocked front door.


When you stepped inside, another human approached you, expecting that her husband had just come back. Upon seeing you, she screamed and ran back into the kitchen. The noise alerted the humans outside, and they came running to the woman's aid. They saw the dead man, they saw you, the horrid creature you had become, and it fueled their anger.


Reacting quickly to protect your own life, you bounded up the stairs. You blindly darted down hallways and into rooms. Eventually, you found a walk-in closet. You stepped inside and closed the door after you, hiding among the racks of coats. You could hear commotion from downstairs as the humans came running to find you. Of course, they failed. They searched around the house and outside, and found no trace of you. 


You were eager to kill the woman downstairs, and so urged the other humans to leave so you could have your meal. You could hear them downstairs, apologizing to the woman and grieving. You were tuning them out when a piece of conversation caught your ear. It was one human vocalizing confusion over how you had hunted during the day. The humans had known daytime to be safe. Now, they were unsure, and as frightened as ever.


The humans agreed to meet up and talk about it later. Then, one by one, they left the house. You could hear the sounds of the woman crying softly to herself. You sighed in relief, and made your way out of the closet. You raced downstairs to find the woman still in the kitchen. There was no thrill element in killing this time, just a very calculated bite to the throat, and you drank her blood.


After that was done, your hunger seemed to be growing. You were no longer in control of yourself, your lust for blood was. You opened the front door and looked outside to see if anybody was nearby. Suddenly, a fierce and powerful pain erupted across your face and arm, causing you to pull back into the house. The burn was intense, and you struggled not to cry out and reveal your location. You looked at the front door in bewilderment, wondering what had just happened.


After a few minutes, the sharp pain subsided into dull agony, and you were able to move again. You slowly opened the door, trying to see what had caused the pain. You had initially thought it was a spray of some kind, like mace, but the true culprit became clear when sunlight fell on your face and the burning was reignited. You stepped back inside, this time knowing to close the door.


They stayed inside because the sun burned. That was why. The realization came after the pain had vanished once more, and you knew you were in trouble. You couldn't leave the house or you'd likely be burned alive. That meant if another group of humans came in, you'd have to hide until they left. But, more importantly, you couldn't eat anymore unless lone humans came into the house. You were stuck. There was nothing more to do about the situation but wait until nightfall.
> You darkness
The humans left the house alone for the remainder of the day, allowing you to remain undisturbed, hiding in an upstairs room. The wait for the sun to set was agonizingly slow, and when the sunlight finally disappeared, you were all too eager to leave the house out the back door, ready to hunt again.


The humans had already barricaded themselves in their houses. Doors were locked, windows were barricaded, and lights coming from upstairs windows told you that they were still awake, watching for signs of danger. You stayed away from the streetlights, waiting from the darkness for a chance to feed. At some point, someone would have to come outside or slip up somehow, and you were ready for it.


Your hunger became worse as the night dragged on, fueled by previous kills and lusting for more blood. There weren't any humans in sight, but there were still lights on in the houses, keeping you at bay. You would have to get creative. Approaching the next inhabited house, you circled the building looking for entry points. The humans seemed to have learned quickly, as every grate and window was sealed perfectly. You could hear voices by pressing your ear against the house's walls, the humans milling uselessly around inside, denying you the right to feed.


Suddenly, a noise from behind caused you to turn around and face the trees behind you. Your eyes scanned the dark woods for threats, but you couldn't see anything. You stared for another few seconds, until a large outline began to appear right in front of you. A Hunter had found the neighborhood. It silently approached the the back of the house, and you immediately moved to aid it. 


You could almost tell the Hunter's intentions, like you were reading its mind. You were undoubtedly linked to them somehow, and the connection just kept growing stronger. You could read it perfectly; the Hunter intended to forcefully enter the home through a window, and was searching for a weak barricade. 


The Hunter moved slowly, swaying back and forth like a lone flower in a breeze. Then, it suddenly snapped into action, having made a selection. You could see the Hunter's attack before it happened, and bounded for the weak window. The Hunter's claws tore the glass and boards like paper, leaving a gaping hole in the wall for you to climb through. The Hunter followed closely after, slipping its slender body through the gap.


Once inside, you could tell the humans were on the second floor, as furniture had been piled up on the stairs. You hardly considered three chairs an obstacle, and climbed over them quickly. The Hunter followed you slowly, almost as if it was letting you take the lead. It loomed closely behind you as you raced up the stairs. Once at the top, you were able to hear the humans making noise in one of the rooms.


You beat the Hunter into the room and attacked the nearest human, which happened to be a young woman. She barely resisted at all, and you easily overpowered her. A bigger human wielding some sort of sharp blade stepped forward to stab you, but the Hunter picked the human up before he could do anything. You drank the blood of the woman while the Hunter carried the other human downstairs and outside.


After the hunt's adrenaline wore off, you realized you and the Hunter had worked together in a sort of weird way. You could both sense each other's next move and act accordingly, and you were able to take down a couple by working together. You couldn't remember ever seeing this as a human, but that didn't matter. The Hunters were evolving, and with it you gained new abilities and an even stronger thirst for blood.


You could feel the Hunter bounding away with the terrified human in its jaws. The Hunter's simplistic mind was focused on the anticipation of a fresh kill, and you got to watch it play out from inside the house. Eventually, the connection faded as the Hunter moved further away. It was satisfied with its hunt, but you weren't. There were still live bodies in the neighborhood.


Eventually, you realized you needed to get out of the house before the other humans showed up. You ran down the stairs and escaped out the window in time to see a group forming on the front porch. You disappeared into the woods and waited for the excitement to die down. It took about an hour for the mob to disperse, but nobody went back into their homes. Instead, they stayed on the roads, holding their weapons defensively.


They were getting smarter. You wouldn't be able to steamroll this neighborhood like you hoped. You needed a plan... or backup. You closed your eyes and tried to focus your mind on getting the attention of anything nearby. It didn't seem to work. You opened your eyes again and studied the mob, looking for a stray or a weak point you could use to attack again.


Suddenly, a loud crashing noise caused the whole mob of humans to turn in your direction. They saw you, and began to advance. Fear shot through your body, and you panicked. You ran back into the house you had just attacked, hiding behind a wall. In the moment it took you to realize what had made the crashing sound, the Hunter had already burst through the trees.


It worked. The Hunter heard your call, and was now effortlessly slashing at the horde of humans. You came back outside, and your senses were overwhelmed at the smell of blood soaking the road and grass. You picked up the bodies the Hunter left in its wake and drank what was left of them. After the rest of the humans had run for the hills, five were dead. You drank their blood and left them out on the road.


You weren't sure if you needed to dismiss the Hunter or something, but it didn't wait for you. It had done its job. It bounded off into the woods, and you wondered if it was the same one that helped you attack the house. You turned back towards the neighborhood and saw the ocean of gore that covered the road. It brought you joy to see this many dead humans, and even more joy when you realized the others were running off into the woods alone, barely armed. They wouldn't last long.


At some point during that night, the cogs of rational thought stopped moving in your brain. You didn't hesitate to kill anymore, and there was no humanity left in you at all. You joined the increasing army of humans turned to slaves, hunting for the Hunters. Within months, the increasing intellect and problem-solving of the Hunters allowed them to kill half the earth's population.


The best part was that you played a very important role. Taken humans began to attack in groups, flushing out groups of humans into the waiting jaws of the Hunters. Soon, the last bastions of humanity were committing mass suicides to avoid being reanimated. The Hunters' job was done, the planet had been repurposed. As humanity disappeared from the face of the earth, you and your undead brothers and sisters wandered empty streets.


The good news was that you had done well. Days on end of relentlessly chasing humans had proven entertaining and fruitful. The bad news was, it was too effective. No humans meant no human blood, and you began to starve. Animal blood was a sorry substitute for the real thing, and soon you ran out of energy. You stopped short and collapsed on the ground. Whatever was left of your former self was gone, this time for good.


EXTINCTION ENDING<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Just a short time ago, you were human, just like the woman you just drank the blood of. And yet, you felt no sorrow or guilt. You looked at your hands again, and at the woman's body. Perhaps it was the natural order. You had failed as a human. The Hunter took you, and made you into a monster. Perhaps that was how it was supposed to be. It was the natural order of things. Your job before was to fight the Hunters, but now? Food. Food was your only constant thought, your only focus. The sun was still nowhere in sight, and your neighborhood was a stone's throw away.


Leaving your humanity on the ground next to the woman's body, you walked back to your neighborhood. Surprisingly, nobody had gone after the woman. When you got to the treeline and looked in on the neighborhood, you could see that more guards had been posted, with guns. Through a window in the house of the woman you ate, you can see her husband crying, being consoled by your wife.


Your wife.


The edges of your vision blurred with anger. It was natural this time, a natural transition into hunting mode. You sprinted up to the house and flung yourself through the window. You didn't know whether you wanted to attack the man or your wife, but you didn't have to make the choice. Your wife left the room quickly, while the man stumbled over, caught off guard by your entrance. You beat the man to the door and slammed it shut.


The man's eyes, puffy and wet with tears, were now bulged open. He was quaking in fear. You swiftly pushed him over, ripped his throat open, and began to drink. The man put up more fight than the woman, but was still as powerful as a beached tuna fish. You drank his blood until there was nothing left in him, and then wiped your mouth on your sleeve again. You left his body in the room and jumped back out the window. Once outside, you could see that the remaining guards were just entering the house through its front door.


You disappeared into the woods, much stronger now. With every meal you felt more in control, stronger than before. While you doubted you could keep coming back to your own neighborhood without being caught and killed, you still needed more food. The immense amount of blood you had just consumed felt like nothing more than a single graham cracker, whetting your appetite. You needed another feeding ground, so you set off, away from your neighborhood.


Pretty soon, sunlight began to flood the air, illuminating the world around you. You hadn't been thinking about the sun at all since your second kill, and for a brief moment you worried it would kill you. After a few seconds, nothing happened. You weren't sure what you were expecting, but the sunlight seemed to have no effect on you at all. It made you slightly curious as to why the Hunters hid during the day, but the thought quickly died. You didn't care. You were hungry.


As the sun grew higher in the sky, you kept traveling through the woods for a long time, even passing a road at one point. You were focused entirely on finding more humans, so your pupils dilated when you heard voices. You raced to the origin of the sound to find that it was a neighborhood. Its inhabitants were just waking up, apparently checking to see if anyone had been taken. 


They were standing in a group, a huge mass of humans, all talking to each other. They were unfocused, thinking they were safe since the sun was up. You licked your lips and lowered yourself among the brush to hide. Your hunger was fierce now, but even in your primal state you knew you couldn't just start tearing through the mob. There were too many people, and you didn't want to get killed.


You sat and waited for awhile. The humans finished their meeting and split up, returning to their homes. They were all getting ready for their normal days, kids getting dressed for school and adults dressing for work. It was strange watching the humans perform the very same dull routines you had once been a part of, but you were free now. It was almost amusing, seeing them monotonously prepare for the day. 


It was entertaining, sure, but your appetite only grew. You became impatient, wishing one of them would come outside to water their plants or something, or leave their kids alone inside. The humans dawdled, hugging each other and saying goodbye. You mocked them from inside your head, urging them to give you an opening.
> You hunt Now
After another few seconds watching the humans sit there in their homes, you couldn't wait any longer. You gave control to your hunger, and your hunger sent you barreling towards the house at top speed. You flew through the window and into a kitchen, where a human was halfway through making a salad.


The human screamed in fear, but the sound was dull to you. The thought of food was your drive now. You tore her throat open, and began to drink from the steam of blood that sprayed onto the floor. Moments later, your meal was disturbed by another human entering the kitchen. Summoned by the screams of your latest victim, this human had brought a small knife along.


You immediately rose, facing the human. He defensively held up his folding knife, gripping it with both hands. He looked terrified of you. Your hunger deemed him not a threat, so you stepped forward and slapped the knife from his hand, before incapacitating him and dropping him on the ground. You wanted to finish the kill you'd started first.


After you were satisfied, you stood, facing the front door. From what you knew, there were two other humans, probably children, in the house. They wouldn't be a danger and likely didn't hold enough blood to be worth the hunt,, so you disregarded them. You made your way to the front door and looked out the window. The area was still teeming with humans, blissfully unaware that two had died. You watched from the safety of the house, waiting for another opening to kill.


Your focus was so solely on the window and the humans on the outside, so much so that you didn't notice the human child watching you from the top of the stairs. He had an aluminum baseball bat gripped tightly in his hands. He crept down the stairs, as intently focused on you as you were on the window.


You had never had trouble hunting, because your opponent was always right in front of you. No human had ever so much as grazed you, making it easy to kill. You had gotten overconfident, not knowing how it felt to take a hit. When the human child raised the bat over his head and brought it down directly on the back of your skull, nothing could have prepared you for the violent waves of pain that invaded your body. Your face went forward into the glass, shattering the window.


The human child's swing was painful, sure, but it came nowhere near crippling you. You fought the dizziness off and struck the small human off his feet. The baseball bat skittered away, leaving your next victim helpless. You got off the floor and stood to your full height again, towering over the frightened child. You approached him slowly, relishing in the fear you caused.


Sadly, not even a baseball bat was enough for you to learn your lesson. Your focus was solely on the human child, and not on the crowd of humans that had been alerted to the sound of a broken window. Your focus was not on the human holding the hunting rifle, not on the human with her handgun pointed directly at your throat, not on the human with the golf club who was silently sneaking up on you from behind, but on the weak human child. Of course, the weak human child was no longer afraid, because there was no threat anymore. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As much as you loved your family, you weren't like them anymore. You were hungry. You promised yourself you would at least try to fight it off later, but for now, you needed blood. The increasing promise of food made you salivate, and brought some feeling back to your body. You felt stronger now.


You sprung to your feet and ran for the woman. It wasn't until you almost had her that you realized you had no idea how to drink blood. The thought was slow to emerge, slower than your impulses. You seized her and threw her over your shoulder, and turned to bolt for the woods. As you took off, you could hear the woman's husband behind you, calling for help.


You ignored the cries and ran into the woods, deeper into the darkness. Eventually, your energy started to drain. You dropped the woman and held her to the ground. You studied her, looking for an optimum spot to draw blood. You settled on her neck, and bit down hard. Your teeth were still dull and flat, so it took some effort to tear the skin. Once you passed the muscle tissue, blood began to spurt from the wound.


You drank as much as you could. The woman flailed and struggled at first, and then slowly relaxed. Within a few minutes, there was nothing left. You wiped your mouth on your sleeve, satisfied. You weren't full, far from it, but this first official meal had helped tremendously. You studied the woman's lifeless body, wondering if it would come back to life like you did. 


It didn't take long for your rational thought to come back over the rush of the hunt, and the full weight of what you just did crashed onto you. You knew this woman. You knew her husband, her kid, and you just killed her. As you searched your mind for hate and guilt, you were surprised to find almost none. You understood what you'd done, but you didn't care. You looked at your own hands, now stained with blood, and wondered if you could even consider being human any longer.


You sat in the darkness for awhile, before hunger made you rise again. Your quiet, timid voice of reason was being drowned out by your instinct to hunt, but the reason was still there. You had to eat, but you couldn't bring yourself to kill again. Could you?
> You of Course Not
As you stared down at the lifeless body of the woman you had just murdered, you sensed a moral switch being flipped somewhere inside you. As desperate as you were to keep feeding, you knew that if you kept killing humans, you would only help the Hunters. The doubt you previously had about them wanting to rid the earth of humans was fading. So, you made an executive decision: no more killing, for as long as you could. If it came down to survival, you would seek out lonely, suicidal humans. No more harm to anyone, if you could help it.


You couldn't really put the body in a better place, so you left it behind and started off in the opposite direction of your neighborhood. The sun was starting to peek over the horizon, reminding you that the Hunters usually hid from the sun. It was another mystery, since you weren't sure if the sun harmed them, or they just didn't like the light, but you didn't want to stick around to see if you would start melting. You picked up the pace to a light jog, your weightless limbs floating through the air like paper.


Eventually, you came upon a road. You didn't recognize it, and there were no buildings in sight. On the bright side, there weren't any cars on the road, so you were safe from human eyes. You considered following the road to see where it lead, but there was no telling what it would be, and stumbling onto a group of humans in your current state would definitely turn out bad for someone, most likely the humans. You decided to cross the road and keep moving in your current direction.


The sun was now higher in the sky, bathing you in light. You couldn't feel the warmth of the sun anymore, a painful reminder of what you'd lost of your humanity. But, your skin wasn't peeling like old paint, and you weren't turned to dust, so at the very least you could keep searching for somewhere to stay. You kept pondering why the Hunters would avoid sunlight, and eventually chalked it up to darkness being easier to hide and sneak around in. Being in the woods with no human activity in sight, you didn't quite have to worry.


Finally, your journey ended at another neighborhood. You stopped well before you were close enough for anyone to see. Not that anyone was around. The sun was up, but still low, so not many people had woken up for the day, and those who had were still in their houses, perhaps afraid of stragglers. You watched from the woods for awhile, trying to think of a way to get through the neighborhood without being seen.


As you sat there, people started coming out of their houses. The first one was a man with a bell. He shook it in the air, letting it ring loudly. He announced that it was safe once again, and a few other people emerged from their houses. It was interesting to see how other communities dealt with safety in action, but the sight of all those humans made you hungry, not to mention the fact that they thought it was safe. You would have no trouble charging up, taking out the man with the bell...


No. You refused, and dismissed the thought away. You couldn't waste valuable brainpower on thoughts like that. You looked away from the group of humans, who were now performing a sort of roll call, checking to see if anyone was taken. Your wandering eyes settled on a cellar door in the ground, a few feet away from the back door of the nearest house. You considered climbing down there to hide from the sun and wait until night, but it was risky. There was no telling what was down there, or if the humans frequented their cellar. You could sit and wait to see, but you didn't want to spend too much time exposed.


Your slow wit was still mulling over the pros and cons when a flicker of movement brought you back to the group of humans. They were all looking directly at you. You tensed up and crouched down, waiting for a cry or for them to charge at you. They only stood there, watching you. you couldn't tell if they could even see you, as there was no discernible expressions on any faces. The group stayed together, and watched you.


You sat unmoving for another few minutes. The group had seemingly dismissed you as an oddly-shaped plant, because they were splitting off and heading back to their homes. It was safe to go back to the cellar, if you dared. There was also a tingling feeling that the humans weren't staring at you for no reason. Perhaps they had seen you, and were just ignoring you?But that would be stupid. Surely they knew how dangerous you were, a beast knowing only hunger and violence. You began to entertain the idea of revealing yourself in the open, just to see how'd they'd react. You watched the inhabitants of one of the houses pile into a car and drive off, and looked at the cellar door a final time.
> You reveal Yourself
The humans had mostly scattered from the road. Only a few remained, still deep in discussion. Keeping your eyes firmly locked on them, you slowly stood up out of the brush, very obviously visible. Almost immediately, the human facing you froze, making eye contact with you. The other humans turned, saw you, and began to split up.


The humans began to yell commands at anyone who would listen, causing commotion. Slightly fearful, you hunched over. A group of them collected on the sidewalk several yards in front of you, armed with all manner of weapons. They stared you down defensively, apparently waiting for you make a move. You immediately regretted your decision, but there was no turning back now. You raised your hands up above your head, keeping eye contact with the mob.


For a few moments, nobody made a move. Then one of the humans, wielding a handgun, slowly stepped forward. The barrel of the gun was trained on your chest. The human stared coldly at you, inching forward little by little. You could sense that he was going to shoot you, and your cloudy mind raced to find way to indicate that you were still good.


As the human kept moving forward, you instinctively stepped backward. The human stopped abruptly, and so did you. One of the humans further back in the group yelled at him, asking what he was waiting for, to hurry up and shoot you. You stared into the human's eyes, and shook your head. The human's eyes widened, and he tilted his gun so that it was pointed at the ground.


An argument erupted among the humans over whether to shoot you. The words were hard to follow, but nobody was aiming anything at you, so you didn't move, trying not to provoke anyone. Finally, the same human who had pointed his gun at you approached, unarmed. As moved closer to you, he slowed down and hesitated. The other humans in the group were trying to call him back, but didn't dare get close to you.


Your mouth began to water, and you tensed up. The element of danger was gone, and there was a human standing right there, defenseless. Your stomach howled like a thunderstorm as you tried to suppress the urge to pounce. The human continued to get closer. The pain in your gut got worse and worse, until you couldn't handle it anymore. You stepped back and put your hands out in front of you, trying to warn the human to stay back.


The movement was small and quick, but it was more than enough. A gunshot rang out, and an invisible force threw you backwards. You could see the large bullet hole through your left shoulder, and feel the tatters of your shirt brushing your skin where the bullet tore through. The approaching human leapt back.


You faltered, but didn't feel much pain from the impact. After you regained your balance, you looked over at the mob. The shooter was a short, fat woman clutching a shotgun in her hands. She kept the gun pointed at you. She told you to go away, and called you a monster. You stepped back again, and the human shook her gun at you.


You stood motionless, and so did the humans. Again, nobody dared move. You felt something sinking in your chest, as if your very organs were sliding down onto your stomach. Suddenly, you stumbled forward as the pain in your stomach became a white-hot piercing feeling. You fell forward, and another shot flew through you.


You landed on your back, and quickly looked for where the bullet struck you. You saw a large hole in your left knee. Your leg was folded on itself, with bits of bone were visible. You looked up at the human with the shotgun, who was now approaching you. Fearing for your life, you scrambled to get up, only to find that with your new bullet wound, it was near impossible. You couldn't right yourself, and eventually gave up, rolling onto your back.


The woman placed the shotgun barrel on your forehead, with her finger wrapped around the trigger. As a last-ditch effort to save yourself, you slapped the shotgun out of the way. The woman pulled the trigger again, but too late. The bullet blasted the ground next to you, showering the side of your face with dirt. Angry, the woman tossed the gun aside, and resorted to more violent means.


She brought her foot up and stomped on your neck, crushing your esophagus. Not that you needed it. The woman stomped again and again on your face and neck, eventually cracking and breaking your jawbone. You couldn't feel any pain, but it was far too late to get up. Eventually, your skull gave way and your brain was crushed, putting you out of it.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As you stared down at the lifeless body of the woman you had just murdered, you sensed a moral switch being flipped somewhere inside you. As desperate as you were to keep feeding, you knew that if you kept killing humans, you would only help the Hunters. The doubt you previously had about them wanting to rid the earth of humans was fading. So, you made an executive decision: no more killing, for as long as you could. If it came down to survival, you would seek out lonely, suicidal humans. No more harm to anyone, if you could help it.


You couldn't really put the body in a better place, so you left it behind and started off in the opposite direction of your neighborhood. The sun was starting to peek over the horizon, reminding you that the Hunters usually hid from the sun. It was another mystery, since you weren't sure if the sun harmed them, or they just didn't like the light, but you didn't want to stick around to see if you would start melting. You picked up the pace to a light jog, your weightless limbs floating through the air like paper.


Eventually, you came upon a road. You didn't recognize it, and there were no buildings in sight. On the bright side, there weren't any cars on the road, so you were safe from human eyes. You considered following the road to see where it lead, but there was no telling what it would be, and stumbling onto a group of humans in your current state would definitely turn out bad for someone, most likely the humans. You decided to cross the road and keep moving in your current direction.


The sun was now higher in the sky, bathing you in light. You couldn't feel the warmth of the sun anymore, a painful reminder of what you'd lost of your humanity. But, your skin wasn't peeling like old paint, and you weren't turned to dust, so at the very least you could keep searching for somewhere to stay. You kept pondering why the Hunters would avoid sunlight, and eventually chalked it up to darkness being easier to hide and sneak around in. Being in the woods with no human activity in sight, you didn't quite have to worry.


Finally, your journey ended at another neighborhood. You stopped well before you were close enough for anyone to see. Not that anyone was around. The sun was up, but still low, so not many people had woken up for the day, and those who had were still in their houses, perhaps afraid of stragglers. You watched from the woods for awhile, trying to think of a way to get through the neighborhood without being seen.


As you sat there, people started coming out of their houses. The first one was a man with a bell. He shook it in the air, letting it ring loudly. He announced that it was safe once again, and a few other people emerged from their houses. It was interesting to see how other communities dealt with safety in action, but the sight of all those humans made you hungry, not to mention the fact that they thought it was safe. You would have no trouble charging up, taking out the man with the bell...


No. You refused, and dismissed the thought away. You couldn't waste valuable brainpower on thoughts like that. You looked away from the group of humans, who were now performing a sort of roll call, checking to see if anyone was taken. Your wandering eyes settled on a cellar door in the ground, a few feet away from the back door of the nearest house. You considered climbing down there to hide from the sun and wait until night, but it was risky. There was no telling what was down there, or if the humans frequented their cellar. You could sit and wait to see, but you didn't want to spend too much time exposed.


Your slow wit was still mulling over the pros and cons when a flicker of movement brought you back to the group of humans. They were all looking directly at you. You tensed up and crouched down, waiting for a cry or for them to charge at you. They only stood there, watching you. you couldn't tell if they could even see you, as there was no discernible expressions on any faces. The group stayed together, and watched you.


You sat unmoving for another few minutes. The group had seemingly dismissed you as an oddly-shaped plant, because they were splitting off and heading back to their homes. It was safe to go back to the cellar, if you dared. There was also a tingling feeling that the humans weren't staring at you for no reason. Perhaps they had seen you, and were just ignoring you?But that would be stupid. Surely they knew how dangerous you were, a beast knowing only hunger and violence. You began to entertain the idea of revealing yourself in the open, just to see how'd they'd react. You watched the inhabitants of one of the houses pile into a car and drive off, and looked at the cellar door a final time.
> You hide In The Cellar
You glanced out at the road one last time, just to make sure nobody was watching. For the most part, you were in the clear. The residents of the cellar house were all inside, and there weren't any windows overlooking the backyard, where the cellar was. You shifted your weight to your legs, and began crawling over to the cellar doors, taking great care to stay behind the brush.


You made your way over to the cellar doors, a few feet away from the house and a few inches above the ground. The doors were unlocked, and swung open easily. Behind the doors was a cement staircase, leading down to a small room. Taking care to quietly close the door behind you, you crept down the stairs. 


When you reached the bottom, you found that the room was full of food. The walls were lined with metal shelves stacked high with jars of fruit, each with a tape label. There were peaches, apples, pears, and cantaloupe, enough to feed a family for a long time. You wondered why the humans had left the food down there. Considering the new circumstances of the world, you would have probably taken the food upstairs to prevent someone from stealing it.


As you scanned the shelves, your eyes connected the food with the pain in your stomach, making you hungry. You knew that peaches were no substitute for human blood, and it was almost torture to sit and stare at the walls of useless food. As you stood in the cellar, a thought bubbled to the surface, and you decided that it wouldn't hurt to at least try the food, just to see.


You grabbed a jar of peaches and tried to unscrew the lid, only to find that it was sealed. You looked around for a can opener or some implement to open the jar with, but there was nothing. At this point, you were convinced that you needed the peach juice to keep going. The hunger pangs were unbearable now that you were holding food in your hand. It didn't matter that it was people food.


In a moment of weakness, you slammed the lid of the peach jar against one of the metal shelves. The top half of the jar shattered, leaving you with glass and peach slime on the floor, and a half full glass of juice and peach bits. You immediately threw your head back and guzzled the peach juice mixed with broken glass. The bits of glass didn't hurt of course, but the taste wasn't superb.


The peach juice did little to tame the fire in your stomach, but it wasn't bad. You emptied the glass into your mouth, and the sweet peaches only made you crave more. Maybe if you ate everything, every jar of peaches, every jar of cinnamon apples, it could at least stall you. You grabbed another jar and, more conscious of the noise factor, tried to quietly tap it against the cement stairs, until the lid popped off. This jar opened cleanly, allowing you to chug the contents of the jar unhindered.


After three more jars of peaches, your hunger was diminished just a little bit. It was still painful, but you could feel an effect. The incentive of finally taming your hunger, even for a little bit, made you empty an entire shelf of peach jars. The rest of the world melted away as you fell into a rhythm. Grab a peach jar, crack the top, clear the glass if it was necessary, and slurp down the peaches. 


Soon, you were surrounded by shattered peach jars, an entire shelf was empty, and you still weren't full. Satisfying yourself now seemed like an unattainable goal. You could get started, but never come close, let alone rid yourself of the hunger. You decided to save the rest of the food for later. As you stepped away from the shelves, you became aware of your situation again. You were lucky nobody had walked in on you, otherwise you'd have gotten killed.


You debated leaving the cellar and going back to traveling, but a trove of food like this was hard to pass by. You had no means to carry the jars with you, and you weren't about to break into a house in search of a bag. You climbed the cement stairs again and propped the door open with one hand. You saw the sun, high in the sky. It was about midday.


Then your skin started to burn. It was an itchy, burning pain that made you recoil. The cellar door slammed shut as you stepped back and looked at your arms. Your pale, faded skin was now a dull red, as though you'd gotten a sunburn. You looked up at the cellar doors. The sun. You couldn't go out in the sun anymore. 


You were trapped in the cellar until nightfall, so you sat among the glass jars, trying to think of a way to pass the time. You scooped some peach bits off the ground and rubbed them on your skin to see if it would help, but it only seemed to make the pain worse. You had to fan your arm with your hand, stopping every so often to switch to the other one. As you sat and fanned your arms and stared at the wall, you had another thought.


A few hours ago, you were walking in the sunlight like it was nothing. Just then, a few seconds in the sun had burned you badly. You were starting to change, losing touch with your humanity. The Hunters and the taken probably did get fried by the sun, which was why they disappeared during the day. You were turning into one of them. You'd had your day of grace. Now it was starting.


You were angry, mostly at yourself. Your memory of being human was fuzzy, but you knew this: it was your fault you had been taken and bitten by that Hunter. You let it happen. Now you were going to turn into a soulless husk, just like the forgotten wanderers who roamed the streets at night.


You lay down on the floor among the broken glass, waiting until it was dark enough for you to emerge from the cellar. It felt like you spent days in the cellar, checking the doors every so often, only to find that it was still hot and sunny. When the sun finally set and it was safe to go outside again, you exited the cellar slowly, still careful not to alert any humans to your presence.


As soon as you got a safe distance away from the house, you broke into a run. You didn't know where you were going or why. Maybe you hoped you would stumble upon an answer, a way to go back. Maybe you were trying to run from the hunger in your stomach. Maybe you were just going insane. You ran, and ran, and kept running, until you ran into a Hunter.


You stopped short, just a few feet away from it. It was the same color as the night, its blurry outline hard to spot. It was long and slender, just like the one that attacked you. You hid in the brush and watched it, still fearful it would attack you, which was silly. You were part of its team. You and the Hunter were one and the same. Its long, slow stride was almost rhythmic. It raised a long, leathery leg and cleared a few feet in one stride, slowly moving forward. It almost seemed docile.


Eventually, after watching it saunter around for awhile, you rose up from your hiding place and called to it. You weren't sure if you were expecting a response, but you didn't get one. The Hunter turned its deformed head in your direction, and, for a brief moment, you held eye contact. Then, the Hunter deemed you unworthy of wasting energy on, and turned away. You watched it move away from you.


A few moments passed, and you realized you were following it. You felt drawn to the creature, as though it was a friend you had known for a long time. It took long strides, passing quickly and quietly through the woods, and you just walked behind it, crunching leaves and snapping twigs. Some faint echo in your head warned you that this was a bad thing, that your instinct was to follow the creature, and that you had to fight it. The thought was quickly snuffed.


You lost track of how long you were following the creature, but you were suddenly lifted back into semi-consciousness when the creature stopped. it lowered itself and took on a defensive posture. You looked up, past the creature, to find that it had led you to an apartment building. The forest you stood in was encroaching on the apartment's back wall, the perfect cover to break into the building.


The Hunter began to move forward. The motion would have been terrifying, watching it crawl across the ground with alarming speed and in total silence, but you weren't afraid. You went to follow it like a lost puppy. The Hunter crawled all the way up to the back door of the apartment building. Slightly more aware, you noticed the windows had been boarded up. The door, however, was still free of obstructions. The humans trusted that the hinges could survive an impact.


You knew the metal door would stand no chance. The Hunter would tear through it and find the nearest human to take away. Suddenly, at this turning point, the small voice in your brain became very loud, telling you to stop the Hunter. You were right behind it after all, and it didn't seem to care about you. You didn't know if you'd be able to turn the beast away, or injure it to the point that it couldn't hurt anyone, but it was worth a try, right?
> You grab the Creature's Hind Leg
At that moment, the drive to keep fighting the Hunter's domination of the human race was reignited inside you, if only briefly. You grabbed the creature's right leg with both hands, as tightly as you could, and pulled backwards. The Hunter didn't expect it, and it slid backwards. It tried to create traction by hooking its claws to the concrete ground in front of the door, but this only created a horrible scratching noise.


The creature howled in anger and kicked you in the chest, sending you flying backwards. You landed in the brush a few feet away, but your work had been done. The sound of the Hunter's claws on the concrete  had woken up the apartment's inhabitants. Flashlight beams shone from the windows above, illuminating the Hunter. It howled, and fled as quickly as it could, once again paying no attention to you.


A human emerged from the back door with a flashlight, and scanned the woods. You were already down and lying in a pile of leaves, and apparently the human didn't see you. Once the human decided it was safe, the flashlight beam disappeared, as did all the others. The door was locked, and you could hear scuffling sounds as something big and heavy was pushed against the door.


When it was safe again, you rose, and patted your chest. The kick didn't break any bones, and you were still upright. After you knew you were safe, a new emotion took hold of you, one you didn't know still existed: pride. You saved people. You saved an entire building of people from the jaws of a wicked beast. 


The feeling of happiness didn't last long, but the thought didn't leave your brain. You looked up at the apartment building, then at the woods where the Hunter had fled. You decided to stay by the apartment building, just in case something else came in the night. You searched around for a place to hide from the sun when it rose, and eventually came to rest in the building next door to the apartment.


It looked abandoned, and there certainly weren't any people inside, so you stayed in, and explored. From what you could gather, the building used to be something along the lines of a nursing home, but it was stripped bare. No posters or photos, not very much furniture remained. You were curious about what happened, but the thought didn't survive long.


You idly watched the apartment building from a window in the nursing home until you saw another figure approaching. Too small to be a Hunter, you knew immediately it was another taken. Another former human. You left the nursing home, and looked up at the sky. Sunlight couldn't have been more than a few hours away.


The pale-faced ex-human approached the apartment's boarded-up front window and began to push against the glass. You could only stare at the thing as it awkwardly tested the glass, trying to find a hole or weak point. You called out to the thing quietly. It ignored you and kept leaning against the glass. You wondered if would be best to leave the thing be, until a spiderweb crack appeared on the window.


The glass was thick and secured by wooden boards, but the thing was eventually going to get in. Several emotions fought for control of your next move. Part of you wanted to save the apartment again. Make a noise and alert them. Another part of you wanted to stay neutral. Stopping the Hunter was different, because a Hunter had killed you, and you held a grudge. A Hunter was a massive, gangly beast. This was just another person, like you. 
> You alert The Humans
You watched the taken human push against the window again, slowly deepening the crack in the glass. You knew what had to be done, even though you didn't like it. You roared out, a primal roar from deep in your hungry gut. Then you disappeared back into the nursing home. Immediately, faces appeared in the apartment's window's looking for the source of the noise. They quickly found the intruder, and dispatched someone to kill it. You sat away from the window, refusing to watch the taken human die. 


You kept careful watch over the apartment for the rest of the night, although you probably didn't need to. The humans were much more alert after two attacks, and guarded the damaged window heavily until sunlight dominated the world again. They went back inside, knowing it was safe. You didn't have the forethought to find somewhere else to go before sunrise, so you were trapped in the nursing home. You didn't mind, though. It was a large building.


You wandered through the nursing home, now illuminated with sunlight, careful to avoid the streams of light coming from the windows. The place was relatively small, and the rooms that previously held patients were now stripped bare, save for a few random drains and pipes. The main thought that occupied your brain was curiosity as to why the place was so empty. Abandoned buildings were understandable, even if that was a bit much. Maybe keeping the elderly alive now was too costly. But removing every piece of furniture? It seemed excessive.


You pushed opened the wooden doors to every room, scanning the empty floor, not entirely sure what you were looking for, if anything. You certainly weren't expecting to find a frantic message scrawled on the floor of one the rooms. You passed it before because it was dark, but now you could see faint scratchings in the floor, done by some sharp tool. You had to step into the room and lean down to read it. It said, 'chlorine kills the demons.'


A chill ran down your spine. From the looks of the message, whoever had written it was in a hurry, as if something was pursuing them. The message was clear, and yet you didn't understand it. 'Chlorine kills the demons'. It couldn't be that simple. It made no sense. The Hunters had wandered the earth for months now, and not once had they come in contact with chlorine? Even on accident? For that matter, who found out that was their weakness, and how?


The revelation was a sensory overload for you. Your faint whisper of an existence, wondering what on earth you would do with your rotting corpse, suddenly had the tools to dismantle the creatures. Well, that was an exaggeration. But this new potential weapon could prove useful. You wanted to try it first, just to confirm it worked, before trying to save a town full of people with a bucket of chemicals.


When hearing chlorine, your first thought was swimming pools. Most domestic pools were full of chlorine. Would pushing a Hunter into a pool make it melt? The idea seemed foreign and impossible, and at the same time worth a shot. The next most common chlorine source would be soaps and disinfectant. You'd need a hardware store.


As you carefully approached a window to check how long it was until sundown, you found your animalistic urge to hunt being awakened. The fruit jars weren't holding up anymore, and you were hungry. Your stomach growled at the knowledge of a building full of food just next door, but you distracted yourself by deciding how to find and transport chlorine. The sun hovered just barely over the horizon, it couldn't have been more than an hour until sundown.


Your vacant mind churning with new knowledge, you sat under the window and watched the light until it disappeared, and the world wore a cloak of darkness. You found yourself moving at alarming speed, leaving the nursing home behind and bounding down the road. You searched signs and buildings, hoping you would see an ad for a Home Depot, or something similar.


The first source you came across was a neighborhood with a large swimming pool near the entrance. It seemed abandoned, with all the houses' front doors wide open. At first your brain tingled with confusion, but the feeling quickly turned to horror when you noticed that all the windows were shattered, and the road was soaked in crimson.


The trails all lead to a forested area west of the neighborhood. You followed the blood trails as best you could, although you couldn't tell if hunger or fear was driving you. You hoped that the humans had just fled the neighborhood, but with each passing step that possibility shrank. Finally, you came upon the sight you knew you would have to face -- a messy pile of human bodies, all with severe bite marks on the bodies. 


Just as your initial wave of shock subsided, a new crashed into you as you realized how many Hunters would have to be involved with this attack. Was each human attacked by one Hunter, or did a few Hunters make forward and back trips? The former implied that the Hunters were becoming pack animals, a thought too terrifying to keep feeding. 


As your fear and shock disappeared, your hunger was the next to take control, and you dropped to your knees over the nearest corpse, sucking the remaining blood from the tissue like a slice of orange. The humans lost blood fast, but you still got more than a full meal of blood from the corpses. You weren't proud of what you did, but it was a temporary solution that stopped you from harming the living. After you drank, you started back towards the neighborhood to retrieve the pool water.


You arrived back at the neighborhood in time to see another Hunter standing in the middle of the road by itself. It seemed almost dormant, and eerily calm. It was looking at the road, and apart from the slight movement of its arms due to breathing, it was still as a statue. You approached slowly, not wanting to wake it up. You slowly made your way towards it until you were standing right in front of it. It paid no attention to you. 


The swimming pool wasn't too far away. You had to go up the road a bit further and make a right turn, and there was the pool of death. The only obstacle was moving the behemoth over to it. You were slightly afraid to just push it or grab its skeletal hand, so you tried making a noise. You clapped, and the creature raised its head. It saw you, and leaned in to examine you. Upon realizing you were already dead, it brushed you aside and began to mill in place.


You knew there weren't many options, so you fought your fear response and took the monster by its elongated wrist. It didn't take much notice. You slowly began to march in the direction of the pool, with the Hunter in tow. It clearly didn't want to follow you, but you pulled on its arm until it spun around, and began to walk in your direction. You guided it in the direction of the pool, and it wasn't until you were halfway there that you realized the humor in your situation. You were like a small child dragging its mother through the toy store. 


Eventually, you were at the pool's edge. The Hunter didn't seem too afraid of the water, and had stopped resisting you. You sat there, holding the hand of a murderous beast, on the edge of a recreational swimming pool. Drawing in a breath, you pulled the monster in the direction of the water. It pulled back, and used its claws to latch onto the ground.


This was going to be difficult. You released the monster's hand and went behind it. You pushed firmly on its back, forcing it forward. It stopped just short and let out a short howl as if to protest. You pushed its legs one final time and sent it careening into the water. Immediately on impact, you heard a horrible hissing noise, like grease on a stove. It was a sizzle, accompanied by pained screams from the Hunter. It scrambled to escape the pool like a dog out of a bathtub, and eventually pulled itself out of the water.


The Hunter's skin was falling off its frame in large chunks. The creature was literally melting before you, its organic matter crumbling. The Hunter staggered forward, then collapsed into a heap of biomass. Seeing its bare skull and bones was a little unsettling, but you couldn't care less. It had worked. The chlorine in the pool water was lethal.


 
> A New Weapon
There was a small building next to the pool labeled 'maintenance'. The door was closed but not locked, so you could easily get in. There was only one room inside, and it consisted of multiple shelves stacked with all manner of pool-cleaning supplies. You read some of the bottles, looking for chlorine as an ingredient, but didn't find much. You figured you could still use the soap containers to store pool water, so you took them anyway, along with a metal bucket in the back corner.


You emptied the bottles of soap, took all the containers outside, and filled them with pool water. When you were done, you had thirteen bottles and one bucket of Hunter poison. The job had taken a long time, but it was still hours before the sun would rise again. You had time to test the effectiveness of your arsenal. The only issue was transport. Water was heavy, and so was a big metal bucket. You needed a way to carry the bottles with you.


Without proper materials, the best you could do was a makeshift bag made from the pool net. You made a mental note to find a duffel bag soon, and packed as many bottles as would fit in the net, minus the bucket. You left it behind because it had no top, and would probably be more hindering than helpful. You took the net bag and left the neighborhood, keeping a safe distance away from the pile of Hunter bones.


With no clear destination in mind, you started off in a new direction. You had never actually seen a Hunter during the day, and didn't know where they hid, or if they had homes. The closest you could get was to find a group of humans, where a Hunter was likely to attack. Neighborhoods were your best bet, and you were in a residential area, so the odds were hopefully in your favor.


You passed two more neighborhoods, both of them secure. There were humans in the houses, and the streets were safely lit. No sign of any Hunters. You sighed. Of course it would be difficult now. They were everywhere when you didn't want to see them, but seeking one out was apparently impossible. You kept walking down the side of the road, intently watching the darkness for moving silhouettes.


Another few hours passed, and the moon was sinking lower into the sky. You feared you'd have to wait another day before searching again. You were ready to admit defeat and start searching for a hiding place when you heard a scream, followed shortly by a grating scratching noise coming from the road ahead. You tensed up and started sprinting down the road towards the noise.


A young, female human was sitting in the driver's seat of a car parked on the side of the road, near the entrance to another neighborhood. At first, the car seemed to be violently shaking for no reason, but then you saw the faint outline of a Hunter sitting on the car's roof. The human screamed, and the Hunter dragged its claws across the windshield, repeating the grating noise you heard. This was a perfect opportunity.


You dropped the net bag and grabbed the first bottle you could find. It was a decent size, probably enough to at least scare away the Hunter. You ran for the car, praying the Hunter wouldn't tear the car in half before you got there. As you got closer, the human saw you through the windshield. Her eyes widened, but she was speechless. You made eye contact with her and held a finger to your lips, instructing her to stay silent.


The Hunter was pulling at the passenger side door now, trying to rip it off.  You feverishly screwed the cap off the bottle of pool water and moved in closer. You could see the Hunter perfectly now, its jaw slick with saliva. The human watched in confusion as you dumped the bottle of water onto the Hunter's arm.


The water made contact with the Hunter's skin and immediately created a loud sizzling noise. The Hunter roared, and swung its arm down at the car. The window shattered, and the human screamed again. The Hunter adjusted itself and reached a claw down into the car. You quickly started splashing the water onto the Hunter's face and arm, burning it badly. 


The Hunter was enraged now. It yanked its arm back out of the car, and you could see tears and bubbles in the skin. The Hunter swung a claw at you, pushing you backwards and knocking the bottle out of your hands. It screeched again, and launched off the roof of the car into the woods. You righted yourself and watched the creature disappear into the night. Picking the bottle up off the ground, you inspected it for damage. Unfortunately, it seemed the Hunter had slashed it in half.


The human girl was in shock, unable to move. She stared at you with her mouth open, not knowing how to react. You stepped forward to address her, but she cowered back into her seat. You caught a glimpse of yourself in the rearview mirror, a pair of cloudy, sunken eyes looking back at you. Your skin was bone-white, and your jaw was clearly visible underneath, a painful reminder of the difference between you and the human in front of you.


Deciding there was no way to communicate with her safely, you turned back to pick up your net of chlorine water. You'd lost a bottle, but there was enough left that you could keep going. The pool you had collected from was miles away now, and you wished you had taken more. There was no telling when the next source would pop up.


You heard the car door open behind you, and the human stepped out.  She was watching you intently, but the fear was gone from her eyes. She slowly moved toward the neighborhood, and it occurred to you that no other humans had come to help her, despite her screams. You wondered if she was an outcast, and that was why she slept at the entrance of the neighborhood, rather than inside it.


She moved into the neighborhood, eventually looking away from you to find her way. You stood still and let her leave, until she stopped and turned back around. It was almost as if she was beckoning you to follow. You took an uneasy step forward, and she nodded. You walked slowly towards her, and she turned to continue walking into the neighborhood. You stared to find your footing with more confidence now that you knew she wasn't afraid.


She led you down to the far reaches of the neighborhood, past rows of empty houses. They were all as vacant as the neighborhood that had been attacked, and you wondered if something similar had happened here. The air was quiet, except for the light padding of your feet on the road and the human's ahead of yours. You walked all the way down a road until you reached a lone house bordering the woods. A makeshift fence had been built around the property, sheltering it from the forest. One look and you could tell it wouldn't stop a Hunter at all, but perhaps it was for taken humans. Like you.


Another human opened the front door of the house. Upon seeing you, he ran outside, ready to kill you. The younger human raised her hands to stop him, and explained what had happened. As she told the story, the man watched you with a look of fear, then shock, then remorse, then acceptance. He had deemed you safe.


The young female was the one to invite you inside, the man didn't seem too keen on allowing you in. But, you had saved a life. That was enough. Once inside, you dumped your net of bottles onto a table. The man looked at you in confusion, not understanding. The female didn't make the connection either. You couldn't speak, so you looked around the room to find something to write with.


You found a sharpie in a drawer, and approached the wall. You took off the cap and began drawing a diagram. The man stepped forward to stop you at first, but stepped back when he read what you wrote. You drew a crude picture of a Hunter, then crossed it out. You drew a picture of a bucket, labeled it 'chlorine', and showed it pouring onto the Hunter as best you could. You finished the drawing by aggressively scribbling out the Hunter.


The man stared at what you had drawn for a moment, then looked at you. He held up one of your bottles with a quizzical look. You nodded. He looked at you, then at your drawing, then back at you. He set the bottle down, and gestured for you to follow him. He took you into a basement, where he had a rubber hose hung on a wall.


 
> You war
The two humans lived in the neighborhood alone, their neighbors either leaving or dying. This meant you had everything in the other houses at your disposal. The man had a workshop in his basement, and besides the hose he had tools to build a weapon of sorts, a powerful liquid cannon to attack the Hunters.


Your job was to search the neighborhood for more chlorine. You broke into windows and searched shelves, reading fine print and ingredients labels for anything and everything that contained chlorine. You gathered them all on the road in front of the humans' house, totaling over thirty bottles when you finished the first street. 


Soon, the sun came up. You were safely hidden inside the house, away from all the windows. Your massive collection of chlorine sat on the road, waiting for the next night. Down in the basement, the machine was nearing completion. The man had made some modifications to a power washer and attached the rubber hose to the nozzle. He carried it upstairs and showed it to you. When you saw it, a small fire lit in your eyes.


A different kind of hunger fueled you now, a feeling you could only call revenge. You walked by the humans many times, not once feeling the urge to attack. Your focus of hunger and hate was not on any human, but on your killers. The world's killers. The Hunters. You don't remember how long it had been since they were here. You couldn't remember a time before them. What you knew now was that it was over. Once the rest of the world caught on, they could fight back, and this nightmare would be over.


You waited impatiently for the sun to go down, busying yourself by playing with the power washer. It had power settings from 1 to 10, and you could only imagine the effect a rocket of acid would have on a Hunter. You hoped it would kill on impact. That would be ideal. But, if you could at least wound them beyond repair, make them fear humans, it would be enough. 


Finally, the sun was lowering in the sky. Retribution was near. Once it was safe, you and the man got to work. A new, bigger holding tank had been welded to the power washer, allowing it to hold more liquid. You dumped bottle after bottle of bleaches and soaps into the container, watching them mix into a brown color. For a moment, you worried about creating an explosion by mixing this many ingredients, but evidently you got lucky, because everything went off without a hitch. 


You stood in the middle of the road, the rubber hose gripped tightly in your hands. Behind you, the humans stood at the controls, ready to power you with chemicals. The sun had long since disappeared, creating the perfect conditions for a test run. You nodded to the man, and he stood up, and let out a long yell. It echoed over the trees, traveling fast and far. 


It didn't take long to hear a response. A faint roar came from not too far away, and you could see trees moving as the Hunter brushed past them. Leaves and twigs crunched under its feet at amazing speeds as it barreled towards you. Finally, the Hunter burst through the treeline just down the road. It saw the humans, and roared loudly, a deafening roar. From all around you, a chorus of roars responded. A slight sense of worry formed in you as you wondered if you had underprepared.


There was no time to think now. The Hunter was galloping towards you. You turned around. The younger human nodded at you, and turned the power washer to setting 5. You turned back just in time to see the Hunter in front of you, ready to strike. You pushed on the nozzle and sent a spray of soap forward. The foamy wave covered the Hunter completely, creating the same sizzling as before. It howled in agony.


Behind you, the human turned the power up to 6. The chlorine spray strengthened, pushing the Hunter backwards. Its skin was flaking away quickly, and the was a visible hole in its body where the spray was strongest. You stepped forward as it moved back, and pretty soon the Hunter was no more. Behind you, the human turned off the nozzle.


You stared in awe at the soapy, foamy pile of bone that the Hunter left behind. You set down the hose and walked up to it. You could see the tattered skin stretched over the cracked bones. You picked up a piece of the skin and held it up to the moonlight. It looked like blackened swiss cheese, wrinkled and tattered beyond repair. After a few seconds, the skin began to fall apart, and dropped out of your hand onto the ground.


Careful not to touch any chlorine yourself, you picked the hose back up. The humans were smiling, and you realized you were too. The plan was a success. From here, it would only be a matter of spreading the word. You had a pair of humans now who could help. You could unite neighborhoods,, and soon there would be an army of humans, all carrying buckets of chlorine to wipe these monsters off the earth. You basked in the aura of power you felt around you. You were strong now, and the Hunters were weak.


Suddenly, a chorus of crashing broke the silence. You could hear several Hunters approaching quickly, screeching and screaming at each other. A look of fear crossed your face, and you looked over at the humans. Instead of fear, they wore expressions of determination and power. The man stepped forward and put a finger on the power setting. You nodded.


Stepping forward, you gripped the hose tightly. As the first Hunter came rushing into view, you took your aim. Behind you, the man turned the power setting up to 10.


REVOLUTION ENDING<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>At that moment, the drive to keep fighting the Hunter's domination of the human race was reignited inside you, if only briefly. You grabbed the creature's right leg with both hands, as tightly as you could, and pulled backwards. The Hunter didn't expect it, and it slid backwards. It tried to create traction by hooking its claws to the concrete ground in front of the door, but this only created a horrible scratching noise.


The creature howled in anger and kicked you in the chest, sending you flying backwards. You landed in the brush a few feet away, but your work had been done. The sound of the Hunter's claws on the concrete  had woken up the apartment's inhabitants. Flashlight beams shone from the windows above, illuminating the Hunter. It howled, and fled as quickly as it could, once again paying no attention to you.


A human emerged from the back door with a flashlight, and scanned the woods. You were already down and lying in a pile of leaves, and apparently the human didn't see you. Once the human decided it was safe, the flashlight beam disappeared, as did all the others. The door was locked, and you could hear scuffling sounds as something big and heavy was pushed against the door.


When it was safe again, you rose, and patted your chest. The kick didn't break any bones, and you were still upright. After you knew you were safe, a new emotion took hold of you, one you didn't know still existed: pride. You saved people. You saved an entire building of people from the jaws of a wicked beast. 


The feeling of happiness didn't last long, but the thought didn't leave your brain. You looked up at the apartment building, then at the woods where the Hunter had fled. You decided to stay by the apartment building, just in case something else came in the night. You searched around for a place to hide from the sun when it rose, and eventually came to rest in the building next door to the apartment.


It looked abandoned, and there certainly weren't any people inside, so you stayed in, and explored. From what you could gather, the building used to be something along the lines of a nursing home, but it was stripped bare. No posters or photos, not very much furniture remained. You were curious about what happened, but the thought didn't survive long.


You idly watched the apartment building from a window in the nursing home until you saw another figure approaching. Too small to be a Hunter, you knew immediately it was another taken. Another former human. You left the nursing home, and looked up at the sky. Sunlight couldn't have been more than a few hours away.


The pale-faced ex-human approached the apartment's boarded-up front window and began to push against the glass. You could only stare at the thing as it awkwardly tested the glass, trying to find a hole or weak point. You called out to the thing quietly. It ignored you and kept leaning against the glass. You wondered if would be best to leave the thing be, until a spiderweb crack appeared on the window.


The glass was thick and secured by wooden boards, but the thing was eventually going to get in. Several emotions fought for control of your next move. Part of you wanted to save the apartment again. Make a noise and alert them. Another part of you wanted to stay neutral. Stopping the Hunter was different, because a Hunter had killed you, and you held a grudge. A Hunter was a massive, gangly beast. This was just another person, like you. 
> You do Nothing
You watched from the window as the taken human slowly but surely made progress in breaking the window. It was about halfway through when in stopped short and tensed up. You could see, even from far away, that it had realized there were humans inside. Its urges took the wheel, and it effortlessly shattered the window and tore through the flimsy wooden defenses.


You remained motionless, knowing inside that you held the taken human's existence over that of the apartment's occupants. You could hear noises inside the building as the monster made its way upstairs, and the feeding frenzy began. The taken human emerged a few minutes later, soaked in blood and moving considerably slower.


The memory of elation that came from stopping the Hunter began to fade out as you watched the corpse amble down the road. Your mind was a pool of uncontrollable thought, unsure of which direction to pull you in. After some time, you eventually steered your thought process back to your original goal: you were on the humans' side. Letting the taken human attack the apartment was different. It didn't count. You couldn't stop another creature with just the same goal as you. Your enemy was the Hunters. The thoughtless killers.


As you began to think about an actual game plan for combating the Hunters, a few options became apparent. Bombing the land wouldn't work, as that would most likely kill humans, too. It also wouldn't necessarily kill all the Hunters. Then you realized you didn't know if explosions would hurt Hunters. Did anything hurt them? You'd never seen a dead Hunter, nor an injured one. Either they were scared off, or they killed. 


The next option was a military force of some kind to sweep the land and eliminate their hiding places. A militia to hunt the Hunters during the day, when they were weakest. You doubted any official armies were still around, like the police or national guard. That left you with two options: gathering regular townspeople, or going in search of a military base or government building. You could at least find some sort of weapon stash or information to aid you.


You sat and played with the ideas in your head, molding them like clay. Eventually, you decided that gathering a makeshift army was your best shot. That would prove difficult, but not as difficult as wandering the earth, hoping to chance upon a military bunker stocked with guns. Yes, that was your plan. You would search around for a way to form an army, and then you could save the world from the Hunters.
> You you're Lying To Yourself
The plan would have to work. After all, there weren't many options for you to try. You had been a human at one point, and never had you heard a whisper of trying to hunt the Hunters. It just wasn't worth it back then. But now, knowing the risk, you could at least try to convince someone. Anyone. Someone would listen.


You began to walk away from the apartment building, knowing full well that the sun would be up soon, and that you were actively walking away from the only inhabitable safe space you would see for awhile. You made an assumption that no humans would be willing to take you in, and the chances of two abandoned buildings within walking distance of each other was slim.


Your mind was fading, and you repeatedly forgot what you were doing or where you were going, only to remember a few seconds later. You knew you were losing consciousness, that the inevitable pull of darkness would soon overcome you, and you did nothing about it. As long as you could save the world, everything would be fine.


You walked until the sun was beginning to peek over the horizon, and then you moved into the woods for the extra cover. By the time the sun had fully risen, your apathy had left you unprepared. You quickly moved into the back door of a nearby building, which happened to be a restaurant. The back door led to the kitchen, where you stood. 


There weren't many places to hide in the kitchen, so you resorted to locking yourself in the walk-in freezer, among boxes of frozen beef patties. The biting cold was little more than a faint tingle on your skin, and there was a small window near the ceiling on the back wall. You sat between two rows of boxes facing the window, patiently waiting for sundown.


You had drifted off at some point, and you were miles away until the sudden noise of the freezer door opening woke you up. You watched a short, fat human wearing white step into the freezer, look around, and then pick up one of the boxes of meat. He inspected it, decided it wasn't useful, and put it back to choose another box. Your brain took several minutes to make the connection that a human was two feet away and unaware of your presence.


Your first thought was hunger, to kill the human. You struggled to diminish that thought, and distracted yourself by thinking about your plan. Maybe this human would be understanding, and you could get him to know you weren't going to hurt him. You were running out of time, as the human had found a satisfactory box and was selecting a package of frozen meat out of it. The only thing stopping you from trying to speak was the fear that he would kill you.
> You get His Attention
If you really wanted to save people, you had to start somewhere. The human was just about to leave you behind, you needed to act quickly. You stood up and stepped out of your hiding place. The human saw you immediately, and dropped the package of meat in fear. 


Your intention was to try to communicate with him, but that wasn't what happened. As you opened your mouth, your hunger took control, and you stepped forward and bit the human's neck. Your teeth effortlessly sliced through the human's skin, and you began to suck his blood. The human yelled in shock and tried to push away, but you were too strong. you kept drinking until there was nothing left, and the man was lifeless on the ground.


After you finished, you looked up to see, through the freezer door's window, a horrified human staring at you with wide eyes. He slammed the freezer door and locked it, trapping you inside. You ran to the door and tried to knock down, but even at full strength you couldn't get it to budge. You watched helplessly through the window as the human scrambled out of the kitchen.


The blinding light coming from the windows of the kitchen told you it was the middle of the day, and you hadn't slept as long as you thought. You were stuck in a room with only one entrance, and there were undoubtedly several humans in the building. A sense of doom began to grip you tightly. Sure enough, a group of humans came back into the kitchen to see you. They all watched in awe at the monster trying to open the freezer door.


It was clear they had no intention of letting you out. All they did was stare at you. This fueled your rage, and you pulled at the handle with all your strength, only to have the handle snap off. You fell backwards, immediately sat up, and looked at the piece of metal in your hand in disbelief. There was definitely no way out now.


You became something of a tourist attraction. Humans came from all over to eat at the restaurant and see one of their evil oppressors locked in a small room. Your rage quickly boiled over, but there was nothing you could do. You screamed and threw boxes of meat and scratched at the walls, only entertaining the humans. 


After a few more days, the cold temperatures started to get to you, and your mobility decreased. Your joints locked up, and your eyes froze in place. It was quite a show for the humans to see you stare at them with wide, bloodshot eyes from the safety of a thick metal door, and all for just five dollars plus purchase of a meal. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The plan would have to work. After all, there weren't many options for you to try. You had been a human at one point, and never had you heard a whisper of trying to hunt the Hunters. It just wasn't worth it back then. But now, knowing the risk, you could at least try to convince someone. Anyone. Someone would listen.


You began to walk away from the apartment building, knowing full well that the sun would be up soon, and that you were actively walking away from the only inhabitable safe space you would see for awhile. You made an assumption that no humans would be willing to take you in, and the chances of two abandoned buildings within walking distance of each other was slim.


Your mind was fading, and you repeatedly forgot what you were doing or where you were going, only to remember a few seconds later. You knew you were losing consciousness, that the inevitable pull of darkness would soon overcome you, and you did nothing about it. As long as you could save the world, everything would be fine.


You walked until the sun was beginning to peek over the horizon, and then you moved into the woods for the extra cover. By the time the sun had fully risen, your apathy had left you unprepared. You quickly moved into the back door of a nearby building, which happened to be a restaurant. The back door led to the kitchen, where you stood. 


There weren't many places to hide in the kitchen, so you resorted to locking yourself in the walk-in freezer, among boxes of frozen beef patties. The biting cold was little more than a faint tingle on your skin, and there was a small window near the ceiling on the back wall. You sat between two rows of boxes facing the window, patiently waiting for sundown.


You had drifted off at some point, and you were miles away until the sudden noise of the freezer door opening woke you up. You watched a short, fat human wearing white step into the freezer, look around, and then pick up one of the boxes of meat. He inspected it, decided it wasn't useful, and put it back to choose another box. Your brain took several minutes to make the connection that a human was two feet away and unaware of your presence.


Your first thought was hunger, to kill the human. You struggled to diminish that thought, and distracted yourself by thinking about your plan. Maybe this human would be understanding, and you could get him to know you weren't going to hurt him. You were running out of time, as the human had found a satisfactory box and was selecting a package of frozen meat out of it. The only thing stopping you from trying to speak was the fear that he would kill you.
> You stay Quiet
Eventually, your fear won out, and you stayed quiet. The human left the room, taking the package of meat with him. You could see through the window that it was still daytime, so you settled back in to rest.


When you woke up next, the sun was going down. You stepped out of your hiding place to see that the freezer door was wide open. A human stood in the kitchen, writing something down on a clipboard. His back was turned to you, and he was intently focused on his task. Your instinct to attack reappeared, and this time it was harder to stop it.


You rushed out of the freezer and vaulted over a row of ovens. The human turned just in time to see you grab him by the shirt collar and bite into his neck. He yelled out, but there was nobody to hear him. You drank his blood, and left him on the floor. Your muscles were twitching from the cold of the freezer and the adrenaline rush, so you stepped outside.


The world was vacant again, no humans in sight. You started traveling down the road in the same direction you had been going the night before. As you walked, you thought about the human you had just killed in the restaurant. At first, you dismissed it as another allowance. It had to happen, how were you supposed to save everyone on an empty stomach?


Somewhere deep in the recesses of your mind, you knew it wasn't an allowance. You had no intention of saving anyone. You had already killed so many, and there was no way to stop. But, it was something to focus on, so you kept feeding yourself that thought. You were a force for good, you just needed a lead. something you could use to fight. Then you'd get serious about saving people.


The night wore on slowly as you walked down the road. You were in the middle of a city block, there were no people around. Just empty stores and shops. You kept walking, not knowing or caring where you were going. Your last fleeting bits of conscious thought  were spent on where you would find you next meal.


Just one more, then you'd get to saving the world.


INSANITY ENDING


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You glanced out at the road one last time, just to make sure nobody was watching. For the most part, you were in the clear. The residents of the cellar house were all inside, and there weren't any windows overlooking the backyard, where the cellar was. You shifted your weight to your legs, and began crawling over to the cellar doors, taking great care to stay behind the brush.


You made your way over to the cellar doors, a few feet away from the house and a few inches above the ground. The doors were unlocked, and swung open easily. Behind the doors was a cement staircase, leading down to a small room. Taking care to quietly close the door behind you, you crept down the stairs. 


When you reached the bottom, you found that the room was full of food. The walls were lined with metal shelves stacked high with jars of fruit, each with a tape label. There were peaches, apples, pears, and cantaloupe, enough to feed a family for a long time. You wondered why the humans had left the food down there. Considering the new circumstances of the world, you would have probably taken the food upstairs to prevent someone from stealing it.


As you scanned the shelves, your eyes connected the food with the pain in your stomach, making you hungry. You knew that peaches were no substitute for human blood, and it was almost torture to sit and stare at the walls of useless food. As you stood in the cellar, a thought bubbled to the surface, and you decided that it wouldn't hurt to at least try the food, just to see.


You grabbed a jar of peaches and tried to unscrew the lid, only to find that it was sealed. You looked around for a can opener or some implement to open the jar with, but there was nothing. At this point, you were convinced that you needed the peach juice to keep going. The hunger pangs were unbearable now that you were holding food in your hand. It didn't matter that it was people food.


In a moment of weakness, you slammed the lid of the peach jar against one of the metal shelves. The top half of the jar shattered, leaving you with glass and peach slime on the floor, and a half full glass of juice and peach bits. You immediately threw your head back and guzzled the peach juice mixed with broken glass. The bits of glass didn't hurt of course, but the taste wasn't superb.


The peach juice did little to tame the fire in your stomach, but it wasn't bad. You emptied the glass into your mouth, and the sweet peaches only made you crave more. Maybe if you ate everything, every jar of peaches, every jar of cinnamon apples, it could at least stall you. You grabbed another jar and, more conscious of the noise factor, tried to quietly tap it against the cement stairs, until the lid popped off. This jar opened cleanly, allowing you to chug the contents of the jar unhindered.


After three more jars of peaches, your hunger was diminished just a little bit. It was still painful, but you could feel an effect. The incentive of finally taming your hunger, even for a little bit, made you empty an entire shelf of peach jars. The rest of the world melted away as you fell into a rhythm. Grab a peach jar, crack the top, clear the glass if it was necessary, and slurp down the peaches. 


Soon, you were surrounded by shattered peach jars, an entire shelf was empty, and you still weren't full. Satisfying yourself now seemed like an unattainable goal. You could get started, but never come close, let alone rid yourself of the hunger. You decided to save the rest of the food for later. As you stepped away from the shelves, you became aware of your situation again. You were lucky nobody had walked in on you, otherwise you'd have gotten killed.


You debated leaving the cellar and going back to traveling, but a trove of food like this was hard to pass by. You had no means to carry the jars with you, and you weren't about to break into a house in search of a bag. You climbed the cement stairs again and propped the door open with one hand. You saw the sun, high in the sky. It was about midday.


Then your skin started to burn. It was an itchy, burning pain that made you recoil. The cellar door slammed shut as you stepped back and looked at your arms. Your pale, faded skin was now a dull red, as though you'd gotten a sunburn. You looked up at the cellar doors. The sun. You couldn't go out in the sun anymore. 


You were trapped in the cellar until nightfall, so you sat among the glass jars, trying to think of a way to pass the time. You scooped some peach bits off the ground and rubbed them on your skin to see if it would help, but it only seemed to make the pain worse. You had to fan your arm with your hand, stopping every so often to switch to the other one. As you sat and fanned your arms and stared at the wall, you had another thought.


A few hours ago, you were walking in the sunlight like it was nothing. Just then, a few seconds in the sun had burned you badly. You were starting to change, losing touch with your humanity. The Hunters and the taken probably did get fried by the sun, which was why they disappeared during the day. You were turning into one of them. You'd had your day of grace. Now it was starting.


You were angry, mostly at yourself. Your memory of being human was fuzzy, but you knew this: it was your fault you had been taken and bitten by that Hunter. You let it happen. Now you were going to turn into a soulless husk, just like the forgotten wanderers who roamed the streets at night.


You lay down on the floor among the broken glass, waiting until it was dark enough for you to emerge from the cellar. It felt like you spent days in the cellar, checking the doors every so often, only to find that it was still hot and sunny. When the sun finally set and it was safe to go outside again, you exited the cellar slowly, still careful not to alert any humans to your presence.


As soon as you got a safe distance away from the house, you broke into a run. You didn't know where you were going or why. Maybe you hoped you would stumble upon an answer, a way to go back. Maybe you were trying to run from the hunger in your stomach. Maybe you were just going insane. You ran, and ran, and kept running, until you ran into a Hunter.


You stopped short, just a few feet away from it. It was the same color as the night, its blurry outline hard to spot. It was long and slender, just like the one that attacked you. You hid in the brush and watched it, still fearful it would attack you, which was silly. You were part of its team. You and the Hunter were one and the same. Its long, slow stride was almost rhythmic. It raised a long, leathery leg and cleared a few feet in one stride, slowly moving forward. It almost seemed docile.


Eventually, after watching it saunter around for awhile, you rose up from your hiding place and called to it. You weren't sure if you were expecting a response, but you didn't get one. The Hunter turned its deformed head in your direction, and, for a brief moment, you held eye contact. Then, the Hunter deemed you unworthy of wasting energy on, and turned away. You watched it move away from you.


A few moments passed, and you realized you were following it. You felt drawn to the creature, as though it was a friend you had known for a long time. It took long strides, passing quickly and quietly through the woods, and you just walked behind it, crunching leaves and snapping twigs. Some faint echo in your head warned you that this was a bad thing, that your instinct was to follow the creature, and that you had to fight it. The thought was quickly snuffed.


You lost track of how long you were following the creature, but you were suddenly lifted back into semi-consciousness when the creature stopped. it lowered itself and took on a defensive posture. You looked up, past the creature, to find that it had led you to an apartment building. The forest you stood in was encroaching on the apartment's back wall, the perfect cover to break into the building.


The Hunter began to move forward. The motion would have been terrifying, watching it crawl across the ground with alarming speed and in total silence, but you weren't afraid. You went to follow it like a lost puppy. The Hunter crawled all the way up to the back door of the apartment building. Slightly more aware, you noticed the windows had been boarded up. The door, however, was still free of obstructions. The humans trusted that the hinges could survive an impact.


You knew the metal door would stand no chance. The Hunter would tear through it and find the nearest human to take away. Suddenly, at this turning point, the small voice in your brain became very loud, telling you to stop the Hunter. You were right behind it after all, and it didn't seem to care about you. You didn't know if you'd be able to turn the beast away, or injure it to the point that it couldn't hurt anyone, but it was worth a try, right?
> You walk Away
The voice in your head urged you to stop the Hunter, to take action. But your legs didn't move.


You stood there, motionless, as the Hunter lunged forward, obliterating the metal door. You stood there, motionless, as the Hunter practically flew out of sight. You heard it rapidly climb a set of stairs, followed by a chorus of howling from both the Hunter and the humans. You sat in front of the folded metal door and waited. The Hunter emerged an instant later with a frightened young woman in its grip. It shot back into the woods like a firework, disappearing into the night.


You stepped back to hide in the brush as a group of humans came running out the door hole. They were yelling a name, presumably the name of the woman. Of course, their efforts were in vain. The calls became less hopeful and more desperate. When they finally subsided, you came out of your hiding place. You stared at the woods until another thought broke the tension.


The Hunter was probably responsible for your inaction. You didn't know how, but following the Hunter, being in its presence...it was almost like a figure of authority. Who were you to try to move the beast as it pursued a victim? A twisted trust in the Hunters began to take root in your mind. This was the way it was, and would be for as long as humans and Hunters coexisted. Saving one life was a worthless risk, a small breath of air compared to all that was likely happening, all the lives lost around you.


Soon, all the thinking about human lives and Hunters reminded you of the hunger in your stomach. You immediately turned towards the empty doorframe in front of you, then turned away, scolding yourself. You had promised yourself you wouldn't go down that path. But then again, what had you just done? By the same logic you just used, one more life wouldn't matter. One more meal to keep your strength up, so you could save the world...


Once you subconsciously gave yourself the green light, it was a small matter. You stepped into the building. A human was just coming off the stairs carrying a bag of garbage. Upon seeing you, he yelped. Ditching the garbage, he made a break for the stairs, not landing a single step before you had him by the shoulder. You killed him and tore his throat open. A fountain of blood soaked your face and clouded your vision, and you lapped it up like a thirsty dog. 


Nobody came to the human's aid. You left his body on the ground, and exited the building. The thrill of the hunt had brought your senses back, and you were more alert. The question now was what to do with yourself. Small things didn't matter, you had decided. You were allowed to kill, only to feed yourself. After all, you needed the strength. The rusted gears of your mind began to slow whir to life once more. If you really did want to stop this, to save what was left of humanity, going around killing Hunters like a discount Batman wasn't going to cut it. You needed a widespread solution.


A few options became apparent. Bombing the land wouldn't work, as that would most likely kill humans, too. It also wouldn't necessarily kill all the Hunters. Then you realized you didn't know if explosions would hurt Hunters. Did anything hurt them? You'd never seen a dead Hunter, nor an injured one. Either they were scared off, or they killed. 


The next option was a military force of some kind to sweep the land and eliminate their hiding places. A militia to hunt the Hunters during the day, when they were weakest. You doubted any official armies were still around, like the police or national guard. That left you with two options: gathering regular townspeople, or going in search of a military base or government building. You could at least find some sort of weapon stash or information to aid you.


You sat and played with the ideas in your head, molding them like clay. Eventually, you decided that gathering a makeshift army was your best shot. That would prove difficult, but not as difficult as wandering the earth, hoping to chance upon a military bunker stocked with guns. Yes, that was your plan. You would search around for a way to form an army, and then you could save the world.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Come on Alex, hurry up!”

You smile at your friend, Sophie, as she struggles with to walk up the cobblestone path with a large bucket and unwieldy mop. She stops and turns back to you, drops the bucket, and puts her hand on her hips. “This is going to be some job,” she frowns, gesturing to the house.

Your eyes sweep over the mansion. At least 20 dark-paned windows stare back at you. At least windows are Sophie’s job, you think. Then sighing, you say to Sophie, “Yeah, I wonder how many square feet of floor I’m going to have to vacuum.” Then you continue to trudge, dragging your favorite vacuum behind you and readjusting the knapsack of cleaning supplies on your shoulder.

You and Sophie are college students who clean houses for extra money. You got into it after a friend offered you guys $20 to clean his apartment after seeing how spotless the two of you kept yours. It’s been quite lucrative, earning enough money for rent and pocket change, and you pretty much get to pick your hours. Customers are plentiful since you placed a free ad in the college paper. People seem to be calling the house all the time. Housewives that need a helping hand, new graduates needing their place cleaned before they move out, even some pretty crazy after-party cleanups. You name it, you and Sophie have cleaned it. Except maybe this…
> You continue....
“This has got to be the biggest house we have ever been called to!” Sophie muses. “Did the guy on the phone…say anything about pay?”

“No,” you say. “But I’m gonna let him know that we’re not doing it for under $300. Maybe even more if the inside is as bad as the outside.” You glance disapprovingly at the overgrown walk and abandoned gardens.

“Yeah, I sure as hell hope he doesn’t think we do yard work too…” Sophie mutters.

The two of you approach the huge double oak paneled doors. Sophie reaches out to use the knocker.. But snaps her hand back….

“Ugh!” she exclaims. Fumbling in her knapsack, she fishes out a Swiffer cloth and removes the layers of cobwebs from the knocker before knocking. The knocker resonates through the porch. “Make that $600, “ she laughs. “I have a bad feeling about this… did we bring enough Swiffers??”

Just then, the door slowly opens. A small face peeks out from the cool darkness. “What do you want?” the pale-faced girl says accusingly.

“We’re the cleaners that were called for, “ Sophie huffs. “This IS 331 Oakmount Drive, right?”

“Yes, oh, yes.” the young woman exclaims breathlessly. “Oh, please do come in. I’m quite sorry.”
> You go into the house...
You and Sophie step into the dimly lit foyer. It doesn’t seem to be incredibly filthy, just a lot of dusting needed. In front of you, a carpeted staircase dwindles up into darkness. To your left, through a small lounge, an elegant dining room is visible. To your right, is a room filled with lovely but ancient looking divans. Beautiful Botticelli like paintings can be seen displayed down the hallway to the left of the staircase, and the antique furniture in the foyer is just exquisite. Whoever lives here has great taste.

You hear Sophie talking and snap back to reality.

“…our own cleaning products. It’s just a matter of personal taste. Now, do you have a list of the tasks that need to be done? We like to go over this, get a tour of the house, and negotiate the fee.”

You notice the girl, obviously a maid, by her plain uniform, doesn’t really look into Sophie’s face. Gee, she must really have a mean boss or just have social issues.

“Well, “ the girl murmurs, “I don’t have that list but I will go get it for you. Please, have a seat in the sitting room and I’ll be right back.”

She ushers you into the room to your right. You and Sophie set down your supplies and sit. The maid flutters out of the room, through the opposite direction that you came into this room.

“BRRRR!!” Sophie shivers and then looks at you. “God, can this house be any colder?” she laughs.

“Well, at least we won’t be dying when we get working. Remember the Kappa Delta Gamma frathouse?? That place was like 100 degrees! I think they cranked up the hea….” You are cut off by an ungodly loud moan coming from the stairs!

“What was that?” Sophie whispers. You slowly turn around in your chair and gaze into the foyer, and up the stairs, and see…nothing. It’s just too dark to see from here.

Sophie grabs your arm. “Ooo, okay. This is getting a little weird. Maybe we should just split. Mrs. Loupee needs us to clean her house anyway…what do you say?”
> You say "You're right Sophie. Let's leave."
“You’re right, Sophie. This is all getting a little too weird. Let’s just leave.” you say.

You gather your belongings and head into the foyer. You reach for the door handle, and pull, but… nothing! You tug at it again. Letting go of the vacuum, you pull with both hands.

“It won’t budge!” you cry to Sophie. Sophie stares in disbelief, mouth agape, and then starts yanking on the second door handle. You both try pushing as well, but no luck.

“Well, this is great,” Sophie snorts, leaning on the door. “So much for our quiet getaway. I guess we have to find that maid and get her to open the door. But which way did she go?”

It’s up to you.
> You look for her through the sitting room.
You head back into the sitting room, with Sophie right behind you. Crossing the room, you cautiously push open the door on the opposite side. It opens into a large living room. The two of you move slowly into the room and look around. There are several couches surrounding a large coffee table. Upon the table is a glass bowl with wilted roses in it.

Sophie eyes the bowl. “Gee, the maid sure isn’t doing her job.”

“Yeah, I’ve been thinking about that, Sophie. If these people have a maid, then why are we here?”

Just then, you hear a noise to your left. You turn sharply and in the doorway is a man. He is very handsome, tall with slicked back black hair. He smiles at the two of you.

“Uh, hi.” Sophie stammers. “We’re, uh, the cleaners that were called. Um, the girl who let us in has been gone for a while so….”

“I’m so sorry. I‘m Mr. Alexander, the owner of the house.” The man’s voice is deep and rich. “Come with me.” He motions for you to follow him through the doorway he is standing by, which appears to lead into a library of some sort.
> You follow him.
Sophie shrugs and the two of you follow Mr. Alexander into the study.

“Please sit,” he says, indicating two leather chairs. The two of you sit and he says, “Please wait just a moment,” and leaves the room, closing the door behind him.

“Wow, hunk city!” Sophie exclaims, grinning. “And he’s rich! This is turning out to be pretty interesting!”

“He is pretty cute,” you agree. “But,” you frown, “If I married him I’d be Alex Alexander…”

“Who’s talking about marrying him? I just wanna…” Sophie stops in mid-sentence as you hear a click. Then you hear a scream!

Jumping up, you grab the doorknob of the door the man just exited. You rattle it but no use! It is locked. “Not again!” you moan. Your eyes spin around the room. There is another door. You head towards it, but Sophie says, “But we don’t know where it leads! Cute guy or not, I’m ready to get out of here. Maybe there is a key for the locked door somewhere in this room.”

What do you do?
> You search for a key.
“Well, let’s try the desk.” You go around to the back of the large pine desk and start opening drawers and rummaging through. Sophie does likewise on the left side of the desk.

Suddenly, Sophie grabs your arm. “Hey, look at this!” she exclaims, shoving a picture in your face.

It is a picture of Mr. Alexander, the man you just met, and a red-headed woman. They are smiling lovingly at each other. “I‘m very sorry for you, Sophie, that he’s married,” you say, “But, we’ve got bigger problems…”

You point at some paneling to the left of the desk. There is a dark red stain pooling up at the bottom edge.

Sophie’s hand flies to her mouth. “Oh, my God! I don’t even want to know…”

You hear the locked door click again, and both your heads snap towards it. The door opens quickly… and standing in the doorway is Mr. Alexander! He looks incredibly angry! The two of you scream and run for the other door…

You tumble through the door into a windowed breakfast room. You and Sophie hurriedly stumble through the iron-wrought chairs and your eyes dart around for which way to go. You can see a garden from here, but there are no doors leading outside. There is also a door to your left, and a door to the far right, but it looks like Mr. Alexander might make it there first. What will you do?
> You go to the left door.
You grab Sophie's hand and rush through the door to the left. You find yourself in a long, windowed hallway. Making a quick left, the two of you veer back into the Botticelli hallway you saw when you first came in. Sophie pulls you behind the door, and you hear Mr. Alexander rush past, and you see him run to the left, towards the sitting room.

But you know you are not safe forever. You cautiously edge out from behind the door. You can see the foyer and front door from here. Sophie runs forward optimistically and tries both doors, but no luck, they are still shut tight. You look around the foyer for options. There's the lounge to the right, and the sitting room to the left, but that's where HE went, so it's out. There's also the staircase, looming up into the dark unknown'.

Hurry! He might come back anytime!
> You dash into the lounge.
You urge Sophie to follow you into the lounge. The two of you huddle in the corner behind the wet bar.

“What is going on?” Sophie hisses to you.

“I don’t know. All I know is, Mr. Alexander isn’t too nice and we’ve gotta get out of here!” you respond.

“No chance this place has a phone, huh?” she asks you.

“Hmm, actually, it probably does. They did call us to come over,” you tell her.

“Man, I wish I’d never taken that call,” she moans.

“No time to worry about what we shouldn’t have done. Let’s just find a working phone and..”

You stop and pull yourself further into the shadows as you hear someone approach. You peek out from behind the wet bar to see the maid pattering past.

She could help you find a phone. But then again, she does live here, and she might try to hurt you. You could just follow her and see where you goes, maybe there is a phone there.

What do you do?
> You follow the maid silently.
As soon as the maid leaves the room, you grab Sophie and the two of you sneak out and softly walk behind her. She walks briskly through the dining room. You watch just from around the edge of the wall until you goes through a swinging door into what you briefly glimpse is a kitchen, and then you follow.

When you push the door into the kitchen, you peek in and see that she is nowhere inside. You and Sophie step cautiously into the kitchen and look around. The kitchen is entirely chrome. The door across the way is still swinging, so you assume she went through there.

You start to follow her, and then you hear her voice in that direction - talking to Mr. Alexander! He sounds very agitated and is questioning her. They seem to be getting closer, so the two of you duck into the nearest door - a pantry.

The two of you squeeze inside the dark room, pulling the door shut behind you. You hold your breath and hope they just move by you.

Sophie squirms next to you and whispers in your ear. “There’s something in here!” she hisses. “I feel something on my leg!”

“Just ignore it,” you whisper back.

“No!” she cries. You feel her hand whiz past your face in the dark and you know what she is doing - reaching for a light switch.

You just can’t stop her in time.

Light floods the tiny room. And you find what was on Sophie’s legs - hundreds of cockroaches. They fly everywhere in abhorrence of the light, fluttering through the air like a swarm of locusts.

“Eaggghhh!” Sophie screams and tries to bat the insects away from her face.

“Oh shi -” you say as the doorknob turns. Mr. Alexander faces the two of you.

There’s nowhere to run, so this is…

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You urge Sophie to follow you into the lounge. The two of you huddle in the corner behind the wet bar.

“What is going on?” Sophie hisses to you.

“I don’t know. All I know is, Mr. Alexander isn’t too nice and we’ve gotta get out of here!” you respond.

“No chance this place has a phone, huh?” she asks you.

“Hmm, actually, it probably does. They did call us to come over,” you tell her.

“Man, I wish I’d never taken that call,” she moans.

“No time to worry about what we shouldn’t have done. Let’s just find a working phone and..”

You stop and pull yourself further into the shadows as you hear someone approach. You peek out from behind the wet bar to see the maid pattering past.

She could help you find a phone. But then again, she does live here, and she might try to hurt you. You could just follow her and see where you goes, maybe there is a phone there.

What do you do?
> You stand up and talk to her.
You rise from behind the wet bar. “Please help us,” you call to the maid. She stops, startled, and turns back to you. She has a frightened look on her face.

“Can you let us out of here?” you ask. “We’d really like to go home, now.”

“No, no, I can’t, “ she murmurs weakly. “The Master would be so angry….”

“Please,” Sophie stands too. “Look, we don’t want anything to do with this place, just let us out and we’ll never bother you again.”

“Um… okay… just follow me.”

Okay, that was a little too easy. Maybe she is trying to trap you.
> You follow her into the foyer.
Eh, what have you got to lose? You follow the maid into the foyer. She fumbles in her pockets for something, then pulls out a large key. She reaches out to unlock the door when -

Mr. Alexander storms into the room. “Oh, Vera, just what are you doing?” he bellows at her.

“I…I…” She stammers and shakes so badly that she drops the key.

“I told you never to interfere when I am harvesting for Mrs. Alexander! I thought you would obey me, but no! This is the last time you disobey!” And with that he seizes her throat and begins to throttle her.

You feel pity for her… but you’ve got yourself to look out for.

What do you do?
> You she did try to help. Return the favor by trying to fight off Mr. Alexander.
Luckily, Sophie must have dropped her knapsack in here earlier. You quickly grope through the bag of cleaning supplies. You find what you are looking for, an industrial size can of generic Lysol.

Grabbing Mr. Alexander by the bicep, you spray him in full force in the eyes with the toxic stuff. It does the trick and he roars loudly in pain, stumbling away from Vera.

You hurriedly stoop and pick up the key, and unlock the door. You, Sophie, and Vera flee out into the very welcome sunshine, running full force down the long hill to your car, parked on the street. The three of you jump in and you start the car as fast as you can.

You go to the police station, and although they are skeptical at first, they believe you after the units sent to the mansion find dozens of bodies. Apparently the Alexanders were involved in some sort of rituals. No one will ever really know what they were because the Alexanders went to the gas chamber without explaining, and though she had extensive therapy, Vera never could speak about it. A room was found filled with charred books, but no one could make sense of them.

It doesn’t really matter, does it? You are just glad to be free. And you won’t be cleaning any more mansions for a long time.

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Eh, what have you got to lose? You follow the maid into the foyer. She fumbles in her pockets for something, then pulls out a large key. She reaches out to unlock the door when -

Mr. Alexander storms into the room. “Oh, Vera, just what are you doing?” he bellows at her.

“I…I…” She stammers and shakes so badly that she drops the key.

“I told you never to interfere when I am harvesting for Mrs. Alexander! I thought you would obey me, but no! This is the last time you disobey!” And with that he seizes her throat and begins to throttle her.

You feel pity for her… but you’ve got yourself to look out for.

What do you do?
> You run for your lives up the staircase.
It’s every man for himself in this crazy place. As long as he’s got her, he can’t get us, you think. You grab Sophie and the two of you flee up the stairs.

At the top of the stairs, you glance around frantically for where to go. It’s pretty dark up here. You can see a light flowing through the door jamb of the room to your left. Might as well go in….

You ease your way into the room, which is a very large bathroom, with beautiful if somewhat worn down furnishings.

Suddenly you can hear someone racing up the stairs. “Quick, through here!” You grab Sophie and head for the other doorway in the bathroom.

The door leads into a very gothic master bedroom. Everything is covered in black and wine colored velvet.

“Uh, oh…” You have made a wrong turn into hell. Seething at you from the corner is presumably Mrs. Alexander. Her red hair flies out like flames as she jumps and you and Sophie, slashing at you with her knife again and again. You and Sophie are too startled to fight back, and you are cut to ribbons.

Well, maybe it’s Karma for leaving Vera to die.

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You rise from behind the wet bar. “Please help us,” you call to the maid. She stops, startled, and turns back to you. She has a frightened look on her face.

“Can you let us out of here?” you ask. “We’d really like to go home, now.”

“No, no, I can’t, “ she murmurs weakly. “The Master would be so angry….”

“Please,” Sophie stands too. “Look, we don’t want anything to do with this place, just let us out and we’ll never bother you again.”

“Um… okay… just follow me.”

Okay, that was a little too easy. Maybe she is trying to trap you.
> You don't trust her. Run the other way.
“She’s probably going to lead us right to him,” you mutter to Sophie. “Let’s go the other way.”

“But…” the maid sputters.

You ignore her and head for the kitchen.

Pushing through the door angrily, you tell Sophie, “We can’t trust anyone in this place, I don’t know what I was doing asking her for help. Look, we’re in a kitchen, let’s find knives, and then we’ll…”

You don’t get a chance to finish that sentence, as instead of you finding a knife, a knife finds you, square in the back. As you bleed to death on the Italian tile floor and watch some red-headed woman butcher your best friend, you wish you had trusted that meek little maid. Maybe you wouldn’t have met -

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab Sophie's hand and rush through the door to the left. You find yourself in a long, windowed hallway. Making a quick left, the two of you veer back into the Botticelli hallway you saw when you first came in. Sophie pulls you behind the door, and you hear Mr. Alexander rush past, and you see him run to the left, towards the sitting room.

But you know you are not safe forever. You cautiously edge out from behind the door. You can see the foyer and front door from here. Sophie runs forward optimistically and tries both doors, but no luck, they are still shut tight. You look around the foyer for options. There's the lounge to the right, and the sitting room to the left, but that's where HE went, so it's out. There's also the staircase, looming up into the dark unknown'.

Hurry! He might come back anytime!
> You hasten up the staircase.
You run full speed up the staircase. Running into pitch blackness, you never realize what it is that barrels into you and sends you tumbling back down the stairs, instantly breaking your neck.

Too bad.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Well, let’s try the desk.” You go around to the back of the large pine desk and start opening drawers and rummaging through. Sophie does likewise on the left side of the desk.

Suddenly, Sophie grabs your arm. “Hey, look at this!” she exclaims, shoving a picture in your face.

It is a picture of Mr. Alexander, the man you just met, and a red-headed woman. They are smiling lovingly at each other. “I‘m very sorry for you, Sophie, that he’s married,” you say, “But, we’ve got bigger problems…”

You point at some paneling to the left of the desk. There is a dark red stain pooling up at the bottom edge.

Sophie’s hand flies to her mouth. “Oh, my God! I don’t even want to know…”

You hear the locked door click again, and both your heads snap towards it. The door opens quickly… and standing in the doorway is Mr. Alexander! He looks incredibly angry! The two of you scream and run for the other door…

You tumble through the door into a windowed breakfast room. You and Sophie hurriedly stumble through the iron-wrought chairs and your eyes dart around for which way to go. You can see a garden from here, but there are no doors leading outside. There is also a door to your left, and a door to the far right, but it looks like Mr. Alexander might make it there first. What will you do?
> You risk it and go to the right door.
You decide to risk it and run for the door on your right.

You duck to the right, hurdling over a beige wicker chair - but not quite clearing it. Your foot catches in the armrest and you fall to the ground with a crash.

“Damn! Owww…” you moan your chest hits the floor with a painful THUD.

You struggle to get to your feet, turning your head just in time to see Sophie fleeing out the left side door - and to feel the cold sting of a hypodermic needle….
> You black out....
You come back to consciousness what seems like centuries later in a damp, foul smelling room. Really foul smelling. It’s like the worst thing you’ve ever smelled. You move your body slowly, because you have a massive headache from whatever knocked you out. Groggy and nauseated, you pull yourself up to figure out where you are.

It seems to be what used to be a bathroom. It’s pretty large for a bathroom. There are two doors, one on each side. You stumble painfully first to one, then the other, but they are both locked.

God, what is that horrible smell? you think. You stagger across the stained white tile floor as if in a trance to the bathtub. The curtain is pulled around it, but you just can’t resist… you pull it back.

“Jesus Christ!” You lurch back violently, your stomach flipping in your stomach. There what used to be a young woman, who has obviously been gutted and dead for quite some time. You yank back the curtain and tumble back to the other side of the bathroom. As you sink to the floor, your shirt rises up.

Looking down, you see purple markings on your stomach. Horrified, you realize they are the same kind of markings your sister had on her when she had to have her appendix removed. But you’re not in a hospital. Is this what happened to the girl in the tub?

I gotta get out of her, NOW, your brain screams. You go for the door on your right and thrash against it with all of your might. You can hear the door breaking on its hinges, but at the same time you hear a noise at the other door.

Decision time.
> You hit as hard as you can and get the hell out of this room.
No time to fool around! You’re getting out of here now. You give the door one last charge and it gives way. You rush through the door and into a bedroom. Gotta get out of here. There is only one door and you run for it. It’s unlocked and you hurdle out into a hallway.
> You run for the right.
You run to the right. Unfortunately, right as you turn, the door across the hall opens and you run smack into an insane looking red headed woman in a black bathrobe. She just smiles at you, grabs you by the hair, and stabs you in the back.

Ouch. Maybe you should have just stayed put and waited for your “surgery”. At least you might have gotten anesthesia before they cut….

Too late for regrets, this is

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No time to fool around! You’re getting out of here now. You give the door one last charge and it gives way. You rush through the door and into a bedroom. Gotta get out of here. There is only one door and you run for it. It’s unlocked and you hurdle out into a hallway.
> You go to the left.
You run for the left. You see many doorways down the hallway, but you’re not stopping yet. When you see a slightly ajar doorway on your left, you duck in and try to hide.

This room seems to be a small bedroom. However, it’s filled with all sorts of strange books. There are also symbols drawn on the wall. You hurry and squeeze yourself behind a dilapidated old bed.

Your heart is racing. Are you going to be found? You wait for what seems like forever, but no one comes.

Right by your foot is a large arcane looking text. Curious, you reach out and flip it open. It fall naturally to a page about ancient fertility ceremonies. You read on. It seems in medieval times, queens who could not bear children would make sacrifices of local young women to the fertility gods. It also goes on to say that eating the reproductive organs of these sacrifices would further enhance fertility.

You shudder with the realization that THIS is what’s going on in this house. Mr. Alexander must really believe this junk will work for his wife.

Well, you are NOT going to be the next sacrifice. You stand yourself up. You look around the room, and see some sort of metal cane leaning up against the door. You grasp it firmly and head out the door. You’re ready to fight back against anyone who thinks they’re gonna cut you up.

You head out into the hallway. There’s no one there. Walking back the way you came, you notice that the staircase leading down is right nearby. In your haste you must not have seen it before. As you put your hand on the barrister and prepare to head down, you notice the room in front of you is glowing through the door jamb.

You still don’t know where Sophie is. They might be holding her captive. You could just go down the stairs and bash your way out of the house… but is Sophie going to be okay?
> You look for Sophie in the glowing room.
You’re not leaving without your best friend. You carefully push open the door.

You’re now in a bathroom, which used to be a really deluxe place, but looks kind of ratty now. You realize the glow is actually coming from the next room.

Walking as quietly as you can, you creep through the bathroom, gripping the cane tightly. You slowly open the door…..

This must be the master bedroom. It’s covered from head to toe in black and wine-colored velvet. The Alexanders must be goth, you think.

You hear a hiss, and turn your head sharply to the right. It’s the woman from the photograph, but she looks pretty crazy now. She’s also got Sophie by the hair with a butcher knife at her throat! Sophie’s eyes are pleading at you.

What do you do?
> You try to reason with the woman.
“Look, lady,” you say. “I don’t know what’s going on here, but we don’t want any part. Now just drop the knife, you don’t want to kill anyone, right?”

Wrong. With anger burning in her eyes she slits Sophie’s throat. Sophie gurgles and falls to the floor.

Oh shit. You messed up. Just then, Mr. Alexander comes in from behind and grabs you, forcing you to drop the cane. While he holds your arms, Mrs. Alexander advances upon you with the knife, still wet with your best friend’s blood.

Well, I guess you’ll be blood sisters now….

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You’re not leaving without your best friend. You carefully push open the door.

You’re now in a bathroom, which used to be a really deluxe place, but looks kind of ratty now. You realize the glow is actually coming from the next room.

Walking as quietly as you can, you creep through the bathroom, gripping the cane tightly. You slowly open the door…..

This must be the master bedroom. It’s covered from head to toe in black and wine-colored velvet. The Alexanders must be goth, you think.

You hear a hiss, and turn your head sharply to the right. It’s the woman from the photograph, but she looks pretty crazy now. She’s also got Sophie by the hair with a butcher knife at her throat! Sophie’s eyes are pleading at you.

What do you do?
> You distract her into moving the knife away from Sophie, and go for the attack.
“Hey lady, I was reading your books, and apparently you’re doing this ritual thing all wrong!” you blurt out at her.

Apparently it worked. Mrs. Alexander cocks her head at your angrily, but at the same time her wrist falls and the knife moves away from Sophie’s throat. You charge forward with the cane and smash her full force across the face. Sophie pulls free as the woman falls in a heap on the floor.

You quickly hug Sophie. “Let’s get out of here!” you cry. The two of you dash through the bathroom and down the stairs. As you hurdle down the stairs, you see the maid standing at the bottom, looking up with a frightened look on her face.

“Let us out of here, NOW!” you scream at her. She nods, shaking violently all the while, and fishes in her pocket for the key. She hands it to you and you unlock the door, and the three of you run to freedom.

Mr. and Mrs. Alexander were arrested and charged with over 30 counts of murder. They had been killing and “harvesting” young women for almost a decade. Mrs. Alexander had had several severely deformed children, which were found living in the house, being treated no better than animals. Apparently they were doing the rituals in an attempt to have a perfect child. A DNA test requested by the court showed the reason - they were half-brother and sister.

Vera (the maid) is currently doing the round of talk shows. She’ll be on Montel this week. The title of the show is “My life in Hell House.”

You and Sophie bought a very nice place in another town with the money you got from doing interviews. You’ll never have to clean another house again.


And that’s a good ending.

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You run for the left. You see many doorways down the hallway, but you’re not stopping yet. When you see a slightly ajar doorway on your left, you duck in and try to hide.

This room seems to be a small bedroom. However, it’s filled with all sorts of strange books. There are also symbols drawn on the wall. You hurry and squeeze yourself behind a dilapidated old bed.

Your heart is racing. Are you going to be found? You wait for what seems like forever, but no one comes.

Right by your foot is a large arcane looking text. Curious, you reach out and flip it open. It fall naturally to a page about ancient fertility ceremonies. You read on. It seems in medieval times, queens who could not bear children would make sacrifices of local young women to the fertility gods. It also goes on to say that eating the reproductive organs of these sacrifices would further enhance fertility.

You shudder with the realization that THIS is what’s going on in this house. Mr. Alexander must really believe this junk will work for his wife.

Well, you are NOT going to be the next sacrifice. You stand yourself up. You look around the room, and see some sort of metal cane leaning up against the door. You grasp it firmly and head out the door. You’re ready to fight back against anyone who thinks they’re gonna cut you up.

You head out into the hallway. There’s no one there. Walking back the way you came, you notice that the staircase leading down is right nearby. In your haste you must not have seen it before. As you put your hand on the barrister and prepare to head down, you notice the room in front of you is glowing through the door jamb.

You still don’t know where Sophie is. They might be holding her captive. You could just go down the stairs and bash your way out of the house… but is Sophie going to be okay?
> You head down the stairs. You'll send help later...
Sophie is a smart girl, you think. I’m sure she can survive long enough for me to come back with the police. Besides, I’ve gotta look out for myself.

You rush down the stairs, and run straight into Mr. Alexander. He greets you with a quick twist of his scalpel.

Maybe you shouldn’t have been so selfish.

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You come back to consciousness what seems like centuries later in a damp, foul smelling room. Really foul smelling. It’s like the worst thing you’ve ever smelled. You move your body slowly, because you have a massive headache from whatever knocked you out. Groggy and nauseated, you pull yourself up to figure out where you are.

It seems to be what used to be a bathroom. It’s pretty large for a bathroom. There are two doors, one on each side. You stumble painfully first to one, then the other, but they are both locked.

God, what is that horrible smell? you think. You stagger across the stained white tile floor as if in a trance to the bathtub. The curtain is pulled around it, but you just can’t resist… you pull it back.

“Jesus Christ!” You lurch back violently, your stomach flipping in your stomach. There what used to be a young woman, who has obviously been gutted and dead for quite some time. You yank back the curtain and tumble back to the other side of the bathroom. As you sink to the floor, your shirt rises up.

Looking down, you see purple markings on your stomach. Horrified, you realize they are the same kind of markings your sister had on her when she had to have her appendix removed. But you’re not in a hospital. Is this what happened to the girl in the tub?

I gotta get out of her, NOW, your brain screams. You go for the door on your right and thrash against it with all of your might. You can hear the door breaking on its hinges, but at the same time you hear a noise at the other door.

Decision time.
> You find a weapon and face whoever is at the other door.
Your eyes sweep the room for a weapon of some sort. The best thing you can find is a plunger behind the toilet. Better than nothing, you think, and grab it.

You arm yourself with the plunger and prepare to face ….

The door swings open…

“Sophie!” you cry.

The two of you hug each other. “I was so worried about you!” she exclaims.

“We’ve gotta get out of here,” you tell her. “There’s another body in here, and I think they plan to do the same to us.”

Sophie grabs your wrist and starts pulling you out of the room, and into a bedroom. As the two of you move, she says, “Yeah, I know. I’ve been looking all over this house for you and I overheard Mr. Alexander talking. Apparently they do some sort of weird rituals to get Mrs. Alexander to have a healthy baby. It has to do with eating organs of young women!”

You shiver as the two of you rush down the hallway. “Oh, yuck!”

Just then, you hear someone on the stairs. You and Sophie rush past the stairs and into a room.

This is some sort of large bonus room. There are stairs going down into a play area of sorts. There are bunkbeds, toys and other things. It appears to be set up for many children, but you don’t see any. This must have something to do with the rituals.

You and Sophie rush down the mini staircase and look for a place to hide.

You scurry behind a bookshelf. Sophie squeezes in next to you.

You hear footsteps, followed by voices. They get louder and come into earshot.

“I don’t really care, Vera! You find those girls and get them to me!” You wince as you hear Mr. Alexander referring to you and Sophie.

The reply is too soft for you to hear, but you hear a scuffling noise and Mr. Alexander hisses, “Or, we could just use you…” You hear Vera whimper back something unintelligible.

The two of them then move away, down the hall. After it has been silent for a few moments, you start to creep out from behind the bookshelf. But as you are feeling your way out, your elbow bumps into a small indentation in the wall. Much to your surprise, the wall opens up into a dark, foul smelling room.

You stumble back, choking on the smell.

Just then, you hear a small voice coming out of the darkness. “Helloooo…” it calls.

What do you do?
> You answer the voice.
“Hello?” you tentatively call back. “Who’s there?”

A small figure lurches out slowly from the shadows. You start, but stay where you are. The figure stops just on the edge of the light, so that you cannot see it fully.

“Have you come to help?” the voice asks. You realize now that this is a child. You are filled with pity.

“Yes, yes, we’ve come to help you!” you answer. “Are you hurt?”

“Yes…” the voice answers. “I’ve been hurt a long time….”

And with that, the child steps into the light. It is horribly deformed, with large cysts on its face and chest. It does not have much hair and its mouth is malformed, twisted into a painful little bow.

You gasp and ….
> You run for the door.
You are disgusted and you run, stumbling over Sophie, to the door. You run as fast as your legs will take you, hurdling down the hallway. Just as you reach the end, a woman steps out from a doorway. You scream and stop! She has red hair and is wearing a black bathrobe, and she doesn’t look friendly. You guess this from the 10-inch butcher knife she is wielding. Her eyes widen in a maniacal way as she advances. You turn on your heels to run in the opposite direction, but standing right behind you is Mr. Alexander, not looking too friendly himself. He grabs you roughly, pinning your arms behind your back.

“How long are you going to run around this house?” he asks tensely. You feel a sharp sting, and then a prolonged burn. Not again… “Did you ever really think you could get away? It’s our house after all…” His voice drifts off into the darkness as you sink into unconsciousness.

But this time you never wake up! No chance to escape this time. Guess you died on the operating table. What a pity.

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Well, let’s try the desk.” You go around to the back of the large pine desk and start opening drawers and rummaging through. Sophie does likewise on the left side of the desk.

Suddenly, Sophie grabs your arm. “Hey, look at this!” she exclaims, shoving a picture in your face.

It is a picture of Mr. Alexander, the man you just met, and a red-headed woman. They are smiling lovingly at each other. “I‘m very sorry for you, Sophie, that he’s married,” you say, “But, we’ve got bigger problems…”

You point at some paneling to the left of the desk. There is a dark red stain pooling up at the bottom edge.

Sophie’s hand flies to her mouth. “Oh, my God! I don’t even want to know…”

You hear the locked door click again, and both your heads snap towards it. The door opens quickly… and standing in the doorway is Mr. Alexander! He looks incredibly angry! The two of you scream and run for the other door…

You tumble through the door into a windowed breakfast room. You and Sophie hurriedly stumble through the iron-wrought chairs and your eyes dart around for which way to go. You can see a garden from here, but there are no doors leading outside. There is also a door to your left, and a door to the far right, but it looks like Mr. Alexander might make it there first. What will you do?
> You grab a chair and break a window.
You seize the nearest iron chair and with all your might, hurl it through the window. Glass flies everywhere, and you cover your face and leap through the window. “Augh!” You graze your arms and legs badly, and blood is streaming everywhere.

You and Sophie run through the garden. Mr. Alexander is not far behind, but all you need to do is get out in the open and scream for help….

You rush past overgrown hedges, dead tomato plants, and withered roses. You are almost to the edge of the garden….

Unfortunately, what looked like an overgrown border is actually a heavy iron fence covered in ivy. You slam into in with full force. You scrabble to climb over it, but it is too late. Mr. Alexander is right there. He grabs your wrist and spins you around. Sophie huddles in terror next to you.

“Girls, girls! Why all the running? You can never escape me. You two have a little appointment with my wife. She‘s hungry again….”

As he smiles cruelly into your face, you know this is

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Sophie shrugs and the two of you follow Mr. Alexander into the study.

“Please sit,” he says, indicating two leather chairs. The two of you sit and he says, “Please wait just a moment,” and leaves the room, closing the door behind him.

“Wow, hunk city!” Sophie exclaims, grinning. “And he’s rich! This is turning out to be pretty interesting!”

“He is pretty cute,” you agree. “But,” you frown, “If I married him I’d be Alex Alexander…”

“Who’s talking about marrying him? I just wanna…” Sophie stops in mid-sentence as you hear a click. Then you hear a scream!

Jumping up, you grab the doorknob of the door the man just exited. You rattle it but no use! It is locked. “Not again!” you moan. Your eyes spin around the room. There is another door. You head towards it, but Sophie says, “But we don’t know where it leads! Cute guy or not, I’m ready to get out of here. Maybe there is a key for the locked door somewhere in this room.”

What do you do?
> A door is a door. Try the second one.
“We’re never gonna find a key,” you hiss at her. “That’s just in books! This is real life, and I don’t care where it leads, as long as it’s outta here!” You grasp the handle and turn it.

“Uh ohh…” Sophie’s voice trails off weakly. “What is it?” you ask impatiently, following her gaze to the ground, where you see.. a dark red substance in a pool by the wall.

“What the…” you wonder and you approach the wall. “Don’t…” Sophie protests feebly. You touch the wall, which to your surprise and amazement, pops open with such force it makes you jump back. And out of the hidden compartment falls a badly mutilated body!

“Urgg… I’m gonna be sick…” Sophie chokes and coughs.

“What the hell is this…??” you wonder out loud.

“Well, I don’t wanna find out. Let’s just get the fuck out of here!” Sophie cries.

Just then, you hear the doorknob of the locked door rattle. You look at each other and then the two of you hurdle through the other door as fast as you can. You rush through a dusty breakfast room and into a hallway.

Rushing down the hallway, you can see up ahead that it branches in 3 directions. To the right is a dark corridor. To the left is a relatively well lit hallway. Straight ahead is an open door, through which you can see a piano. Which way do you choose?
> Down the dark corridor to the right.
Maybe it’s not the best decision to go into this dark, foreboding chamber; but you don’t have much time to think through your decision. You pull Sophie by the wrist off to the right and hurry down the dark passageway.

The walls of the passageway are made of dark stones. The air is damp and cool. You hurry several yards before coming upon a heavy wooden door. You quickly twist the iron handle and go through, letting the door close soundlessly behind you.

The second the door shuts, it is pitch black in the room. You tentatively reach for the door handle, but there is none. The door only opened on the other side, you realize. Your heart sinks into your stomach.

“Oh man, maybe we shouldn’t have come this way…” Sophie whispers to you. You can tell by the tone of her voice that she is very scared.

The two of you feel your way along the room, moving your hands over the cold, slimy walls.

Just then, you hear someone or something moving to your right.
> You move quickly to the left.
You move as fast as you can through the darkness, away from the sound. It’s probably a rat or something worse. Sophie is right behind you as you hurry through the damp dungeon.

You gasp as your foot catches on a loose stone in the floor. You fall heavily, pitching forward into a deep pit. You hit your head and black out.

When you come to, you are still in darkness. Sophie is nowhere to be found. You scramble around the pit, trying to feel for any possibility for escape. There is none.

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Maybe it’s not the best decision to go into this dark, foreboding chamber; but you don’t have much time to think through your decision. You pull Sophie by the wrist off to the right and hurry down the dark passageway.

The walls of the passageway are made of dark stones. The air is damp and cool. You hurry several yards before coming upon a heavy wooden door. You quickly twist the iron handle and go through, letting the door close soundlessly behind you.

The second the door shuts, it is pitch black in the room. You tentatively reach for the door handle, but there is none. The door only opened on the other side, you realize. Your heart sinks into your stomach.

“Oh man, maybe we shouldn’t have come this way…” Sophie whispers to you. You can tell by the tone of her voice that she is very scared.

The two of you feel your way along the room, moving your hands over the cold, slimy walls.

Just then, you hear someone or something moving to your right.
> You investigate the sound.
You cautiously move towards the source of the sound. “Who’s there?!” you ask sharply.

The shuffling sound stops abruptly. You hear a soft gasp. “Oh, thank goodness!” the voice says. The person moves closer. A soft green light suddenly illuminates the figure of a girl about 13 years old, who is squeezing the indiglo light of her wrist watch. She is Asian, with wispy black short hair. Her face looks dirty and haggard.

“I’m Erika,” the girl says. “I’ve been in here for 3 days now. I was called here to pet-sit, but I soon learned that was just a trick. Mr. Alexander nearly killed me, but then his wife said something about me being ’unsuitable’, and then he threw me in here.”

“We’re in a similar situation,” you say, and tell Erika about how you and Sophie came to be where you are.

“I don’t know what’s going on here, but it’s something horrible,” Erika says when you are done. “Listen, I think I found a way out. I’ve been pushing some loose bricks, but I’m pretty exhausted from not eating, so I can’t move them anymore.” Just then her stomach growls loudly, and she smiles weakly.

You and Sophie move to the place she was talking about and start moving bricks. It only takes a few minutes of the two of you lifting to make a big enough hole in the wall. You, Sophie and Erika quickly squeeze through the tunnel. To your relief, it surfaces at a sewer grate out on the road, and the three of you hurry to your car.

You go to the police, and even though at first they are doubtful, they finally believe your wild story and go to the house to investigate. They find it in blazes. The fire department struggles to subdue the flames. The house is eventually completely destroyed. Search crews later find dozens of burned bodies and human remains, and strange occult paraphernalia.

You, Sophie and Erika sell the rights to the story and it is quickly made into a horror movie. You never really understand what really was going on in the mansion, but it doesn’t matter. You are now safe, and a millionaire!

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“We’re never gonna find a key,” you hiss at her. “That’s just in books! This is real life, and I don’t care where it leads, as long as it’s outta here!” You grasp the handle and turn it.

“Uh ohh…” Sophie’s voice trails off weakly. “What is it?” you ask impatiently, following her gaze to the ground, where you see.. a dark red substance in a pool by the wall.

“What the…” you wonder and you approach the wall. “Don’t…” Sophie protests feebly. You touch the wall, which to your surprise and amazement, pops open with such force it makes you jump back. And out of the hidden compartment falls a badly mutilated body!

“Urgg… I’m gonna be sick…” Sophie chokes and coughs.

“What the hell is this…??” you wonder out loud.

“Well, I don’t wanna find out. Let’s just get the fuck out of here!” Sophie cries.

Just then, you hear the doorknob of the locked door rattle. You look at each other and then the two of you hurdle through the other door as fast as you can. You rush through a dusty breakfast room and into a hallway.

Rushing down the hallway, you can see up ahead that it branches in 3 directions. To the right is a dark corridor. To the left is a relatively well lit hallway. Straight ahead is an open door, through which you can see a piano. Which way do you choose?
> You off to the left.
Oh! It's the front hallway. "Dammit!" you shout. "We've already been here!" You're feeling kind of lucky though, and you rush for the front door and snatch at the knob quickly. To your utter amazement, it opens!

You and Sophie run out as fast as you can, all the way down the driveway, and jump into your car. You peel out of the driveway.


When you're a couple miles down the road, your muscles finally relax, and you slump down in the drivers seat with a sigh. "What just happened back there?" you ask, casting your glance over at Sophie.


You tense back up when you see the blood soaking the front of her shirt. It's apparently coming from the huge gash across her throat. Paralyzed with fear, you look in your rearview mirror - and all you see is a glimpse of red hair and a flash of silver knife before your own throat is cut.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“We’re never gonna find a key,” you hiss at her. “That’s just in books! This is real life, and I don’t care where it leads, as long as it’s outta here!” You grasp the handle and turn it.

“Uh ohh…” Sophie’s voice trails off weakly. “What is it?” you ask impatiently, following her gaze to the ground, where you see.. a dark red substance in a pool by the wall.

“What the…” you wonder and you approach the wall. “Don’t…” Sophie protests feebly. You touch the wall, which to your surprise and amazement, pops open with such force it makes you jump back. And out of the hidden compartment falls a badly mutilated body!

“Urgg… I’m gonna be sick…” Sophie chokes and coughs.

“What the hell is this…??” you wonder out loud.

“Well, I don’t wanna find out. Let’s just get the fuck out of here!” Sophie cries.

Just then, you hear the doorknob of the locked door rattle. You look at each other and then the two of you hurdle through the other door as fast as you can. You rush through a dusty breakfast room and into a hallway.

Rushing down the hallway, you can see up ahead that it branches in 3 directions. To the right is a dark corridor. To the left is a relatively well lit hallway. Straight ahead is an open door, through which you can see a piano. Which way do you choose?
> You continue straight into the room.
Uh oh! Too bad you couldn't see the rottweiler sleeping UNDER the piano. Well, you sure got a good look at him when he was ripping your face off.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You head back into the sitting room, with Sophie right behind you. Crossing the room, you cautiously push open the door on the opposite side. It opens into a large living room. The two of you move slowly into the room and look around. There are several couches surrounding a large coffee table. Upon the table is a glass bowl with wilted roses in it.

Sophie eyes the bowl. “Gee, the maid sure isn’t doing her job.”

“Yeah, I’ve been thinking about that, Sophie. If these people have a maid, then why are we here?”

Just then, you hear a noise to your left. You turn sharply and in the doorway is a man. He is very handsome, tall with slicked back black hair. He smiles at the two of you.

“Uh, hi.” Sophie stammers. “We’re, uh, the cleaners that were called. Um, the girl who let us in has been gone for a while so….”

“I’m so sorry. I‘m Mr. Alexander, the owner of the house.” The man’s voice is deep and rich. “Come with me.” He motions for you to follow him through the doorway he is standing by, which appears to lead into a library of some sort.
> You say "I'm sorry, but we'd rather just leave."
“I’m sorry, Mr. Alexander, but we’ve changed our minds.” you say. “We’d really rather not. But the door seems to be locked. Could you please show us the way out?”

Mr. Alexander’s brow furrows into a frown. “Really, I think that’s quite unprofessional, ladies. You agreed to help us.”

Sophie appears to be embarrassed. “No, of course we’re not unprofessional, Mr. Alexander. We’ll do what we came to do. Now could we see the list of tasks?”

Mr. Alexander’s mood sees to have improved. “Yes, of course. Just come with me upstairs.”

You’ve got doubts, but Sophie is right on his heels as he heads out of the room. So you shrug and follow as well.

The three of you head up the stairs. At the top, Mr. Alexander motions for you to go through a door. You and Sophie oblige.

But as soon as you step across the threshold, Mr. Alexander fiercely slams the door.

You hear the lock click. “Damn!” you cry out. “What the hell is going on?”

“I’m sorry Alex!” Sophie whines. “I’m so stupid! I followed him because I was afraid he would give us a bad rep around town! Now I’ve totally screwed us!!”

You’re not really worried about your reputation right now. As your eyes adjust to the seamy yellow light of your prison, you realize you’re not alone.

A red-headed woman in a black bathrobe stands menacingly just a few feet away. She holds a large butcher knife, and she starts to approach.

“Oh my God!” Sophie screams and begins to bang on the door.

You’ve got to do something fast.
> You try to talk to the woman.
“Uh, hey, we don’t want any trouble! There must be some mistake!” you splutter.

Well, she doesn’t seem to care if you want trouble or not. She lunges at you with the knife and deeply grazes your shoulder. Blood spurts everywhere. Sophie is screaming at the top of her lungs. The woman soon silences that with a quick slash to her throat.

Looks like talk got you nowhere. Maybe next time you should fight back.

For now, this is

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“I’m sorry, Mr. Alexander, but we’ve changed our minds.” you say. “We’d really rather not. But the door seems to be locked. Could you please show us the way out?”

Mr. Alexander’s brow furrows into a frown. “Really, I think that’s quite unprofessional, ladies. You agreed to help us.”

Sophie appears to be embarrassed. “No, of course we’re not unprofessional, Mr. Alexander. We’ll do what we came to do. Now could we see the list of tasks?”

Mr. Alexander’s mood sees to have improved. “Yes, of course. Just come with me upstairs.”

You’ve got doubts, but Sophie is right on his heels as he heads out of the room. So you shrug and follow as well.

The three of you head up the stairs. At the top, Mr. Alexander motions for you to go through a door. You and Sophie oblige.

But as soon as you step across the threshold, Mr. Alexander fiercely slams the door.

You hear the lock click. “Damn!” you cry out. “What the hell is going on?”

“I’m sorry Alex!” Sophie whines. “I’m so stupid! I followed him because I was afraid he would give us a bad rep around town! Now I’ve totally screwed us!!”

You’re not really worried about your reputation right now. As your eyes adjust to the seamy yellow light of your prison, you realize you’re not alone.

A red-headed woman in a black bathrobe stands menacingly just a few feet away. She holds a large butcher knife, and she starts to approach.

“Oh my God!” Sophie screams and begins to bang on the door.

You’ve got to do something fast.
> You look for something to fight her off with.
You take a quick look around for a weapon. You grab a candle stick from the dresser and hurl it at the woman. It hits her right in the side of the head and she is momentarily stunned.

You grab Sophie and run for the door on the other side of the room. It’s locked, but you push against it with all your might and it gives way.

You and Sophie hurdle through the next room, which is a foul smelling bathroom. You flee through that and into another bedroom. You exit through the only door and veer off to the right.

Mr. Alexander stops you dead in your tracks, and, well, stops you dead.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“You’re right, Sophie. This is all getting a little too weird. Let’s just leave.” you say.

You gather your belongings and head into the foyer. You reach for the door handle, and pull, but… nothing! You tug at it again. Letting go of the vacuum, you pull with both hands.

“It won’t budge!” you cry to Sophie. Sophie stares in disbelief, mouth agape, and then starts yanking on the second door handle. You both try pushing as well, but no luck.

“Well, this is great,” Sophie snorts, leaning on the door. “So much for our quiet getaway. I guess we have to find that maid and get her to open the door. But which way did she go?”

It’s up to you.
> You look for her through the lounge.
“Um, let’s go through here.” You motion to the left, through a glossy looking lounge with a wet bar.

Sophie follows warily. “Are you sure she went this way?” she asked you, as you tread softly over oriental rugs, and into a lush and tasteful dining room. “I swear I saw her go…”

Just then you hush her. “I hear someone in the next room,” you whisper.

“Why are you whispering?” she whispers back.

“Gosh, I don’t know. I felt kind of weird creeping through this house. Let’s just go ask whoever’s in there if they can unlock the front door.”

You push through the swinging door. It’s a kitchen, dressed up with chrome everything. It’s not very well lit, and the only light is the pale rays streaming through curtains near the sink. And standing in front of that sink, facing away from you, is a woman. She has her red hair pulled back in a loose ponytail, and she is wearing a black bath robe.

“Excuse me,” you clear your throat. “But we’re the cleaners that were hired, and well, I just remembered I left all my vacuum bags at home, so we really need to be going.”

Nothing. The woman is silent. All that can be heard in the room is the soft ping of water dripping into the chrome sink basin.

“Uh, hello…?” Sophie calls. “Excuse me…”

The woman turns around on you sharply.

“Good god!” You choke out. Sophie grips onto your arm. The woman stares menacingly at you, her face a chilling mask of malevolence and rage. She grasps a large butcher knife in her hands, and is almost smiling in an insane way as she advances upon you.

“What the hell?!?!” You and Sophie tear back out of the kitchen the way you came. As you run through the dining room, Sophie asks, terrified “What is going on?”

You reply, breathlessly, “I don’t really know” through the lounge you run, and into the foyer. You jerk frantically on the front door, but it’s still locked!! You glance fearfully over your shoulder to see if you have company coming… but surprisingly, there is no one there.

You look at Sophie. “What should we do? We’re locked in here with some crazy woman!” she sobs.

“Okay, let’s just not panic. We’ll just find a phone, or a sane person, and get the hell out of here,” you tell her.

“What should we do, Alex? Should we…”
> You say "Try going up the stairs?"
“We’re going upstairs,” you tell Sophie. “There’s probably a phone in a bedroom upstairs.”

You head cautiously up the stairs into darkness. Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea. That woman might follow you and corner you. You just try to swallow your fear and keep moving.

You open the first door you see. It’s a bath room.

You look at Sophie. “Better keep moving,” she whispers.

The next door, on the right, is a bedroom of some sorts. You both enter and glance around for a phone. Nothing there. You both exit and go the opposite way down the hall.

There is a door decorated with pictures of balloons and flowers. “Okay, this looks relatively safe. It’s the tamest thing I’ve seen so far.” You enter and look around.

It appears to be a children’s bedroom. The two of you search around for a phone. You are looking in a back corner, when you hear a loud moan through the wall. “Huh?” you say. You touch the wall, and to your surprise it opens like a door. You peek inside in the darkness.

The moan comes again, this time louder. You are startled, but you keep looking inside. As your eyes adjust to the darkness of the crawl space, you see what is moaning. It’s some sort of person, but it is extremely deformed. Its eyes loll at you and it moans again.

Sophie stifles a scream. “What is it?” she cries.

“I don’t know, “ you say. But somehow you are brought to pity for this creature. As you slowly step forward, you notice there are at least two similar creatures in the room. They lay on soiled mattresses, moaning in pain. As you look closer, you realize by their small sizes that they are probably children.

“Good God, how can they be keeping these children like this?” you cry out.

“It’s really none of your damn business-” you hear suddenly from the doorway. You whirl around and it is a tall man with dark hair. You recognize his voice as Mr. Alexander, the owner of the house and man who called you for the job.

“What’s going on here?” Sophie cries. “We were chased up here by some lady with a knife. Look, we just want to leave!”

“I’m afraid it won’t be that easy,” Mr. Alexander says grimly. “You see, my wife needs something you have. You see these… creatures? These are our failures. My wife and I deserve to have a normal baby, not these horrible freaks. So, my wife just needs to perform a little ritual on you to harvest your young energy.”

Sophie is cowering next to you. What do you do?
> You fight off the man.
You fling yourself at the man. There’s no way you’re going down without a fight! You pummel his face.

Unfortunately, Sophie has not joined in this attack. She apparently fled, thinking you’d gone crazy too.

So, Mr. Alexander quickly overpowers you. Maybe it wasn’t a good idea to throw yourself at someone who’s so much bigger than you….

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“We’re going upstairs,” you tell Sophie. “There’s probably a phone in a bedroom upstairs.”

You head cautiously up the stairs into darkness. Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea. That woman might follow you and corner you. You just try to swallow your fear and keep moving.

You open the first door you see. It’s a bath room.

You look at Sophie. “Better keep moving,” she whispers.

The next door, on the right, is a bedroom of some sorts. You both enter and glance around for a phone. Nothing there. You both exit and go the opposite way down the hall.

There is a door decorated with pictures of balloons and flowers. “Okay, this looks relatively safe. It’s the tamest thing I’ve seen so far.” You enter and look around.

It appears to be a children’s bedroom. The two of you search around for a phone. You are looking in a back corner, when you hear a loud moan through the wall. “Huh?” you say. You touch the wall, and to your surprise it opens like a door. You peek inside in the darkness.

The moan comes again, this time louder. You are startled, but you keep looking inside. As your eyes adjust to the darkness of the crawl space, you see what is moaning. It’s some sort of person, but it is extremely deformed. Its eyes loll at you and it moans again.

Sophie stifles a scream. “What is it?” she cries.

“I don’t know, “ you say. But somehow you are brought to pity for this creature. As you slowly step forward, you notice there are at least two similar creatures in the room. They lay on soiled mattresses, moaning in pain. As you look closer, you realize by their small sizes that they are probably children.

“Good God, how can they be keeping these children like this?” you cry out.

“It’s really none of your damn business-” you hear suddenly from the doorway. You whirl around and it is a tall man with dark hair. You recognize his voice as Mr. Alexander, the owner of the house and man who called you for the job.

“What’s going on here?” Sophie cries. “We were chased up here by some lady with a knife. Look, we just want to leave!”

“I’m afraid it won’t be that easy,” Mr. Alexander says grimly. “You see, my wife needs something you have. You see these… creatures? These are our failures. My wife and I deserve to have a normal baby, not these horrible freaks. So, my wife just needs to perform a little ritual on you to harvest your young energy.”

Sophie is cowering next to you. What do you do?
> You look for another exit.
“Not in this lifetime, buddy!” you shout and run the opposite direction, with Sophie close at your heels.

You tumble through a door into a game room of sorts. You exit quickly and find yourself running down a long hallway.

“Okay, these people are extremely bad news!” Sophie yells as you run.

The two of you hurdle around the corner of the hallway, only to find yourself face to face with what must be Mrs. Alexander, the lady in the bathrobe!

She grins at you, her knife gleaming in the pale hall light.

But you are too pumped up after all you have seen. You and Sophie charge right past her. She manages to swipe at you with the knife, cutting your arm deeply, but you keep running as fast as you can. The two of you can see the staircase, and you tumble down as fast as you can.

To your astonishment, the front door is now wide open. The maid is holding it open, staring up at you in surprise, and standing at the door is your friend Jonathan holding a paper bag!

“Hey, I just saw your car and thought I’d bring you some…” he stops in midsentence as he sees the blood gushing from your arm. “What the hell…?”

“No time!” you scream. “Just run!”

You and Sophie run out the door with Jonathan.

The three of you drive to the police station, and though they struggle to understand at first, the police go to the mansion. You later hear than in all their years at the force they had never seen such awful things like what were in that house.

You managed to get out alive, but the memories of those children haunt you. How anyone could treat their children like that, deformed or not, you will never understand. You change your major to pre-med so that you can help children.

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Um, let’s go through here.” You motion to the left, through a glossy looking lounge with a wet bar.

Sophie follows warily. “Are you sure she went this way?” she asked you, as you tread softly over oriental rugs, and into a lush and tasteful dining room. “I swear I saw her go…”

Just then you hush her. “I hear someone in the next room,” you whisper.

“Why are you whispering?” she whispers back.

“Gosh, I don’t know. I felt kind of weird creeping through this house. Let’s just go ask whoever’s in there if they can unlock the front door.”

You push through the swinging door. It’s a kitchen, dressed up with chrome everything. It’s not very well lit, and the only light is the pale rays streaming through curtains near the sink. And standing in front of that sink, facing away from you, is a woman. She has her red hair pulled back in a loose ponytail, and she is wearing a black bath robe.

“Excuse me,” you clear your throat. “But we’re the cleaners that were hired, and well, I just remembered I left all my vacuum bags at home, so we really need to be going.”

Nothing. The woman is silent. All that can be heard in the room is the soft ping of water dripping into the chrome sink basin.

“Uh, hello…?” Sophie calls. “Excuse me…”

The woman turns around on you sharply.

“Good god!” You choke out. Sophie grips onto your arm. The woman stares menacingly at you, her face a chilling mask of malevolence and rage. She grasps a large butcher knife in her hands, and is almost smiling in an insane way as she advances upon you.

“What the hell?!?!” You and Sophie tear back out of the kitchen the way you came. As you run through the dining room, Sophie asks, terrified “What is going on?”

You reply, breathlessly, “I don’t really know” through the lounge you run, and into the foyer. You jerk frantically on the front door, but it’s still locked!! You glance fearfully over your shoulder to see if you have company coming… but surprisingly, there is no one there.

You look at Sophie. “What should we do? We’re locked in here with some crazy woman!” she sobs.

“Okay, let’s just not panic. We’ll just find a phone, or a sane person, and get the hell out of here,” you tell her.

“What should we do, Alex? Should we…”
> You say "Try going into the sitting room?"
“Let’s go back into the sitting room. There’s probably a phone, or the maid might be back,” you tell Sophie.

The two of you walk into the sitting room. You jump as a roll of thunder rips through the room. Looking to your right out the heavily barred windows, you can see it has started to rain. As clouds move over the house, the room slowly darkens.

“Ooh, I don’t like this,” Sophie shivers.

The two of you search around for a phone. You can’t find one, so you and Sophie head into the next room.

You push on the heavy oak swinging door. It moves open with a low groan, and you enter a dim living room. You look over at a low table in the corner, and your eyes fix on the desired object on the desired object - a telephone! You rush over and grab the receiver excitedly. Putting it to your ear, you start to dial - but-

“There’s no dial tone…” you tell Sophie. She looks at you sadly, and tries the phone for herself. “Nothing,” she whimpers.

“Hey, look at this…” you say. There is a small phone book. Filed between the pages are strips of newspaper. You pull one out. It’s a very faded line of “help offered” ads. You read a few which a circled. “Education student seeks part-time nanny position” “We will walk your dog! Call Jane and Katie.”
You pull out another strip. It is personal ads. There are three circled. “SWF, 24, pretty n’ plump, seeks soul mate” “SBF, 22, loves red wine and Scrabble” “SWF, 19, N/S, N/D. I love everything. Let’s meet!” You pull out yet another cutting. This is newer. Your eyes scan down, and you recognize the ad that you and Sophie placed. It is circled in magic marker. Sophie, who has been reading along, says “What do these mean?”

You stand up. “Well, either there’s a lonely guy, who wants a nanny and dog walker, livign here, or something really wrong is going on. I think we sh - “

You stop and whirl around as you hear the door groaning softly. Through the dusty light of the room, you see a tall, well groomed man with black hair. He is smiling at you, his brows knit, and inquiry on his lips.

Sophie stands up hurriedly. “Excuse me - I’m sorry, but we really need to be going and…”

He approaches, a comforting smile on his face. “I’m very sorry,” he says warmly. “I think you might have run into my wife in the kitchen.” You and Sophie look at each other, remembering the knife-wielding maniac. He continues. “She’s been ill lately. I’m sorry she turned on you with the knife. You surprised her while she was cooking. She’s gone back to bed. I promise you she won’t be a problem.” He smiles again, his white teeth sparkling. “I’m sorry, we haven’t been introduced. I’m Mr. Alexander, the owner of the house. You’re Sophie and Alex, right? Pleased to meet you. Let’s just get you the list of tasks ans you can get started.”

You bite your lip. His story is kind of plausible, but you’re still troubled.

What do you do?
> You run!
You see that he left the living room door open. You grab Sophie’s wrist and you run for the door. Mr. Alexander quickly makes his move and grabs the two of you by the collars.

“So, we’re going to play it the hard way, huh?” he hisses into your ear. “Fine. But you’ll wish you cooperated…”

Suddenly he makes a choking noise and lets you go. You make no hesitation, and you dart out the door.

As you and Sophie hurdle through the sitting room and up the staircase, you ask her, “What just happened? Why did he let us go?”

“I kicked him in the nuts,” Sophie replies.

“Oh,” you say. The two of you look for a hiding place upstairs. You see a room that looks like a children’s playroom, so you hurry in there seeking shelter.

You decide to hide behind a large bookshelf. But as you are climbing behind it, you bump into the wall. To your surprise, the paneling opens inward into a dark, foul smelling room.

“What is this?” Sophie asks you.

“Something else weird, I suppose…” you choke, gagging on the smell coming from the room.

Just then, a small voice floats out of the darkness. “hello?”

What do you do?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You and Sophie step into the dimly lit foyer. It doesn’t seem to be incredibly filthy, just a lot of dusting needed. In front of you, a carpeted staircase dwindles up into darkness. To your left, through a small lounge, an elegant dining room is visible. To your right, is a room filled with lovely but ancient looking divans. Beautiful Botticelli like paintings can be seen displayed down the hallway to the left of the staircase, and the antique furniture in the foyer is just exquisite. Whoever lives here has great taste.

You hear Sophie talking and snap back to reality.

“…our own cleaning products. It’s just a matter of personal taste. Now, do you have a list of the tasks that need to be done? We like to go over this, get a tour of the house, and negotiate the fee.”

You notice the girl, obviously a maid, by her plain uniform, doesn’t really look into Sophie’s face. Gee, she must really have a mean boss or just have social issues.

“Well, “ the girl murmurs, “I don’t have that list but I will go get it for you. Please, have a seat in the sitting room and I’ll be right back.”

She ushers you into the room to your right. You and Sophie set down your supplies and sit. The maid flutters out of the room, through the opposite direction that you came into this room.

“BRRRR!!” Sophie shivers and then looks at you. “God, can this house be any colder?” she laughs.

“Well, at least we won’t be dying when we get working. Remember the Kappa Delta Gamma frathouse?? That place was like 100 degrees! I think they cranked up the hea….” You are cut off by an ungodly loud moan coming from the stairs!

“What was that?” Sophie whispers. You slowly turn around in your chair and gaze into the foyer, and up the stairs, and see…nothing. It’s just too dark to see from here.

Sophie grabs your arm. “Ooo, okay. This is getting a little weird. Maybe we should just split. Mrs. Loupee needs us to clean her house anyway…what do you say?”
> You say "No, we need this money. We're staying."
“I know, Sophie, I’m a little freaked out too. But come on, it’s a pretty old house, and old houses make noise sometimes. Besides,” you smile at her, “the huge party we’re going to have with these profits is way gonna be worth it.”

She smiles back, though a little uneasy. “Well, if you say so. Just, where is that girl? We’ve been waiting forever.”

Just then, the door the girl left from slowly opens….

You turn sharply and in the doorway is a man. He is very handsome, tall with slicked back black hair. He smiles at the two of you.

“Uh, hi.” Sophie stammers. “We’re, uh, the cleaners that were called. Um, the girl who let us in has been gone for a while so….”

“I’m so sorry. I‘m Mr. Alexander, the owner of the house.” The man’s voice is deep and rich. “Come with me.” He motions for you to follow him through the doorway he is standing by. The two of you follow him into a living room, and through there into a study.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Damn. You couldn’t get out of visiting your grandparent’s house. You’re not a fan, to say the least, of visiting the old cottage filled with just-as-old people. Ok, that’s mean. Deep down, you love your grandma and grandpa, but seeing them is never like in the movies. Grandma doesn’t bake cookies all day and slip you 20 dollar bills while your parents aren’t looking. Grandpa doesn’t sit in a recliner, playing a game of am I asleep or dead?! No, it’s never like that.

The old cottage is far off from any neighbors, deep in the jungle-like Appalachian rainforest. The northbound highway cuts into a smaller state road, single lane, that leads into the heart of the forest. It’s a sudden shift, entering into the forest. Clear, open air is replaced with a constant layer of gray mist, hanging heavy, not unlike bathroom air after a steamy shower. A single lane invites you in, coaxingly, comfortingly. A single road leads out.

You sit in the backseat of your parent’s RAV 4, headphones in, doing your best to ignore the unfortunate circumstance you found yourself in. To your left, behind the driver’s seat, sits Emma, your little sister. Ha! She couldn’t get out of it either. Being the favorite doesn’t come with unlimited power, although at times it seems that way.

She’s tuned into an intense episode of New Girl on her iPad, eyes glued on the screen, child-like demeanor becoming more “teen” by the day, another word for rebellious. Your parents “love you both equally,” yet somehow that statement doesn’t seem to be true. Give it a couple of years, and see how much they favor their baby girl when she's a full-blown teen. You imagine you’ll come across as goddamn presidential when that happens. You know, like the stories of past US presidents as kids; they’re always so well-behaved, so perfect, little rule-followers unmarked by scandalous behavior.
> You arrive
After a safe, gradual pump of the brakes, your father turns the RAV 4 down a gravel driveway. Calling it a driveway is an understatement. The gravel road runs for several hundred feet, and your father takes care to avoid all the potholes lining the way like uncovered landmines. Each small dip into one of the holes, sends your parent’s heads swaying side-to-side. You move your head from its resting position against the window after one nasty dip results in a minor bump (and laugh from Emma) to your temple.

Untrimmed trees, in desperate need of a good haircut, hang over the driveway, creating a small tunnel and blocking a good amount of sunlight, not that there’s a good amount of sunlight to be blocked. Rain continues to drizzle. The RAV 4 keeps a steady rhythm with its wiper blades. Finally, after a sharp turn, the cottage appears in the distance.

Small and unassuming it sits, resting nicely between two large trees. From this distance, the trunks rise high like football goalposts. Single story, single garage, the beige house is quiet. Its weathered lavender trim is becoming more gray, blending in with the primary house paint. The living room window is split down the center with a large crossbeam, creating a pair of eyes, illuminated with soft yellow light, watching your arrival. It doesn’t say a word as your father sends the RAV 4 into parked position.

“Now be respectful to your grandparents,” your father lectures as you unbuckle your seatbelt. “Help me unload.”

You watch your sister and mother head towards the front door, each head still buried in their book and iPad.

“Why don’t they help?” you ask.

“Because it’s proper for a man to do the lifting,” your father answers. “That’s why God gave you these,” he adds, squeezing your arm.

“Sure thing, Dad.” You roll your eyes in good fun, not unaccustomed to your father’s stereotypical humor.
> You unload
You grab an ice chest from the trunk of the RAV 4 and head towards the front door, which has been conveniently closed by your sister, even though she’s probably well aware you needed it ajar. You set down the chest and reach for the knob. Before your hand touches the metallic knob, the door swings open and you find yourself staring face to face with wrinkled skin and that smell which accompanies anyone over the age of 65. Your grandma, dressed in a gown that would be considered outdated decades ago, reaches over the chest to wrap you in a loose hug.

Awkwardly, you return the favor, having to lean over the parked ice chest and sending your hips back for a counterweight. Warm skin presses against the side of your cheek, closely followed by a wet kiss. Respectfully, you don’t wipe it just yet. It sits there on your cheek like a domesticating brand, one that allures to desmaculation and neuterization. Behind Grandma, Emma gives you a devilish grin, well-aware of the fact you’re not a fan of sloppy wet kisses from old people.

“Hi Grandma. Good to see you,” you say, respectfully.

“Good to see you too, dear. Oh leave that for your father,” she says looking at the ice chest. “He’s looking a bit thin. You already have a lot of muscle built up,” she adds, touching your arm. It’s not hard to see which side of the family she’s from.

You follow her inside to the kitchen and plop yourself down at the dinner table. Aged wallpaper surrounds outdated appliances and furniture like a picture-perfect antique store. Small designs of green and red stripes line the base of the wallpaper. God knows why the designer did that.

“Honey, why don’t you greet your grandpa? Grandma says he’s out back,” your mom says from the head of the table, face still buried in Nicholas Sparks Land.
> Yes
The back door could use some work. It takes a couple of pulls before the thing actually swings open. It’s probably a struggle for Grandma to even open the damn door. Of course that’s assuming she actually leaves the house. Something tells you she mostly stays within the kitchen and living room. The small treadmill placed in the corner of the living room provides good proof to that fact. Outside, you’re greeted with gray sky above an evergreen backdrop.

Grass, long neglected, rises waist-high burying unkempt bushes under its overgrowth. A single path leads towards the shed, which has more in common with a garage than a shed. It’s the size of a two-car, its sides long lost their red paint, leaving behind a barely visible red streak covering its panes of wood. A soft glow from an overhead light, like the ones mechanics use, shines through a crevice left by the cracked-open door. Walking briskly to avoid raindrops, not that you succeed, you arrive at the shed door and peer inside.

Opposite of the door, a backdrop of tools hang on the wall. It looks like a cork board, but instead of posters listing Roommate wanted! No animals allowed! it simply holds aged hammers and different sizes of screwdrivers. You hear scratching inside; whatever Grandpa is doing, it sounds like a file rubbing against rusted metal.

“Grandpa?” you speak into the cracked door.

Nothing.

You slide the door open a few inches further and scoot inside like the upright version of a high jumper, narrowly hitting a pole. You’re hit with a wave of dust, causing an instant sneeze. As sneezes often come in pairs, you patiently wait for the second one. After it passes, you wipe your nose on your sleeve and continue the search. An aged Challenger takes up most of the shed’s inside, losing most of its original yellow paint. Hard top, a 1973 Rallye, you’d find out later.

The scratching grows louder, and you feel the hair on the back of your neck rise. Suddenly, you have a great urge not to be in your grandfather’s shed. Steady raindrops patter on the shed’s roof. Behind you, water drip, drip, drips: a result of cracks in the shed’s roof.

Errrrch!

The scratching grows into a longer, slower resonation.

Errrrrrrrch!

Still, it draws out in length. That does it. Time to return back to the cottage. You whip around, ready to leave the place and run smack into the wall. No, not the wall. Grandpa. His flannel, likely made decades ago, is rolled up at the sleeves exposing a lifetime of forearm muscle built from working with his hands. Like a weight is placed on one shoulder, his torso leans slightly to the left, his right shoulder resting an inch higher than the other. His face is mostly covered in shadow, save for the point of his nose, from the trucker hat pulled low on his head.

“Leave, boy.”

His voice is firm, cracked near the edges, not from ill-intent -- likely the cause of living through years of regular smoking. There’s a solid amount of force behind the voice; it’s not some labored breath slinking from an elderly man’s throat. It’s intentional, and it means business.

Without a word, you take off running. Outside, you sneak a glance back, still moving quickly. Through the crack in the shed door, you see Grandpa staring at you, only enough room for one eye to peer through the slot. The door shuts completely.
> You dinner
A little while later, you’re back at the dinner table surrounded by your immediate family and Grandma. Grandpa still is “out back,” whatever that means. Well, she likely means the shed, but you still don’t know what exactly he’s doing in there. And there’s the fact he definitely didn’t want you poking around there. Fine. Keep your precious outhouse. I’ll reside in the main house, mastuh! According to Grandma, that’s where he spends all of his time.

Ironically, Grandpa arrives shortly after the words leave her mouth. His trucker hat is no longer pulled down low; it rests normally on his head like how an ol’ vet would wear one. He sits down at the head of the table, right next to you.

“Nice of you to join us, Dear,” Grandma speaks, passing a bowl of lightly-toasted rolls.

“Had some business to take care of. How’re doing, kiddos?” Grandpa answers, taking the bowl of rolls, and flashing a toothy smile, one that displays surprisingly good dental work for someone his age. Either that, or they’re dentures. Your guess is the latter.

A moment of silence passes before your mother commands, face un-buried in her novel this time. “Well? Answer him?”

“Good,” you and Emma say, simultaneously, not really sure what else to say.

“Good!” Grandpa answers, taking his knife to a piece of chicken. For the remainder of the dinner, you do your best to input little yes’ and no’s when the circumstance arrives, but honestly, what’s more boring than dinner at your grandparent’s house? You’ve heard the same stories about your dad several times now, and you can only smile, nod, and act surprised so many times. Strategically, you always keep a mouthful of food as an excuse for staying silent.
> You politely listen to a story
You’re only here a short while, and you decide listening to another story on your dad’s childhood wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world. There’s no WiFi here, so that title is already claimed. Having nothing better to do, as horrible as it sounds, you stick around after dinner. Unsurprisingly, Emma leaves to keep her iPad company in the guest room, one that you’re sharing. Surprisingly, your parents don’t stick around either. They follow Grandma into the living room (to take another peek at the “fine” china?), leaving you alone with Gramps at the table.

You both sit, silent, staring straight ahead before you take the initiative. “Are you fixing up that car in the back?”

Grandpa answers. “The ‘73 Rallye? Once upon a time I was. Parts are hard to come by now. She still runs, though. Less beautiful as before.”

Silence returns, to no fault of your own. Typically the way these things go is the older one speaks and you nod and listen.

“Do you have your license yet?” he asks.

“Just a permit. Dad says I’ll need to find a job to pay for gas.”

“A man needs to work,” Grandpa says. “When I was your age, I was working full days at the factory, only taking breaks to attend classes at school.”

That sounds like a story you’ve heard before. You’ve heard a similar one told by your father, about walking 10 miles in the pouring rain to school, and then walking 10 miles home just to strap on an apron and bag groceries at the local supermarket. You wonder how much of that is true. Maybe it felt like 10 miles to an adolescent kid.

“Listen, kiddo,” Grandpa speaks again, lowering his voice so the others in the living room won’t overhear. The fun, smile-flashing old man is gone, replaced with the one you ran into earlier. “Stay away from the shed. There are...dangerous tools in there. I wouldn't want you to get hurt.
You nod. "I saw them hanging on the wall, but I didn't touch any. Promise."

"Not those!" he breathes through a sharp whisper-like burst of air. "There are things, unseen things, happening all around us. Most go about their lives never noticing. Their ignorance protects them. Here, the curtain is drawn back just enough to peer inside. Here, fairytales don't end 'happily ever after.' Here--"

"Ready for bed, Slugger?" your dad says from the entryway, suddenly pulling you from Grandpa's story.

"Ready, Dad."

You feel Grandpa's eyes burning into your back as you leave, for the second time today. He continues to sit at the dining table, milking a bottle of Budweiser. Once he finishes, he adds the empty bottle to the gathering collection and leaves. You can't see him, but you hear the back door open and close.
> You retire to your room
The guest room is everything you expect from a spare room in your grandparents' house. Two twin beds take up most of the floor space, covered seemingly head to toe in stiff pillows, dressed in outdated pillow cases and covers. And yes, there's a homemade quilt on each bed. A fat TV sits in the corner. It's one of those that weigh about 300 lbs, despite its 24 inch screen, and has a VCR player built into it. Next to it, in a wicker basket, are old VHS tapes that are probably worth less than the plastic they're made of. Man, having no WiFi sucks. Sharing a room with your sister is a close second.

Emma ignores you, intensely continuing her binge of New Girl as you throw several pillows to the ground making room for you on the bed. You shut off the lamp, bathing the room in darkness, save for the glow of the iPad. By the angle Emma watches the screen, she looks like she belongs in one of those old horror flicks. You know, the ones where someone tells a creepy story around the campfire, shining a flashlight underneath their chin for effect. Worst horror story ever. Who's that killer? Who's thaaat killer? It's Jess!

---

Total darkness. You awaken in the middle of the night; the light from the iPad is off, signaling Emma's asleep. Soft breathing next to you solidifies that fact. The red glow of an alarm clock tells you it's 3:09. You roll over, attempting to get comfortable kicking another pillow to the ground in the process. As you settle in, a subtle wave of air passes over your neck, like a sigh, silent in the night. Instantly, alertness rushes over your body, but still, you remain unmoving.

Besides Emma's breathing, it's quiet in the room. Like a predator stalking the jungle, your body is aware of every detail in the room, ready to burst into motion, senses at a heightened level elevated by an unexplainable knowledge of present danger.

Errrrch!

The scratching sound from earlier rings into the blackness. You sit up, quickly, and turn to the other twin bed. "Emma," you whisper. Her breathing pattern remains the same, and she's unresponsive to your hushed tone. Footsteps rush past the bedroom door, swiftly and gracefully, approaching and subsiding like a car whizzing by. The footsteps are light and catlike, far from the heavy stomping you're accustomed to hearing from your parents.

You pause for a moment, unaware you've turned one ear towards the door as if it'll help you hear better. The night shifts back to silence, void of sound and signs of life.
> You stay put
“Rise and shine, Bro!”

A pillow smacks you in the face, thrown from the other twin bed. Emma sits on top, hair tangled in a loose bun, readying another missile. Luckily, ammo is plentiful, and you fire back a few shots of your own. A wave of bacon hits you, and voices from the kitchen area temporarily distract you from your current battle. Your stomach growls in response to the image of crispy strips of bacon, lined neatly in rows like soldiers standing at attention, their spaced shared with yellow clouds of fluffy scrambled eggs. Instead, you eat another pillow to the face.

Someone knocks at the door, and before you can say “Come in!” the door swings open. Typical parent move. Your father stands in the doorway wearing pajama bottoms and a white tee, brown-rimmed glasses resting lazily on his nose, hair tangled, though to a lesser degree than Emma’s.

“I hope you’re not making a mess in here,” he scolds, then breaking the act he adds, “because you forgot to invite me!” He solidifies the point by chucking a pillow at the two of you. Emma ducks out of the way, and it hits you in the chest. Direct hit from downtown! The ol’ man’s still got it!

After breakfast, you’re volunteered to accompany your mother to the grocery store. Since the default activity visiting grandparents is to eat, the stock runs down quickly. It’s up to you and Mom to replenish the pantry for the sacred activity. To be honest, it’s nice to get out of the house, even if it’s technically for “running errands,” the other main skillset of your mother besides sticking her nose, and getting it stuck apparently, in a novel. Is that mean? Eh, it’s true. Emma and Dad stay put, getting the short end of the stick in your opinion.

It takes almost thirty minutes to reach the grocery store, which is really more of a gas station that also happens to sell food. As your mom checks each aisle to see what she’s dealing with, verifying she can stay somewhat close to her militarily-conscripted shopping list, you pass the time looking at the 25 cent candy machines and free realtor brochures outside. Desperate times, desperate times -- the internet on your phone is spotty at best.

“Yer not from around here.”

You turn to find the gas station attendee, a thin man dressed in a dirty blue polo displaying the station’s logo. It’s one of those off-brand types, like Honey O’s instead of Cheerios. Instead the typical shell logo you’re used to seeing, this one is a conch. Close, but not close enough for Shell’s lawyers to do something about it.

“Nope. I’m visiting my grandparents,” you answer.

“Not staying too long, I hope,” is his answer. Strange to say in the least. Usually, people spout some stereotypical bullshit like There’s no time like family time! or Teamwork makes the dream work! Ok, that second one is a stretch.
> You press the man
“No offense, but that’s a strange thing to say,” you answer in a tone that is respectful. After all, this is an adult you’re talking to.

The man laughs. It sounds like someone clearing their throat after drinking coffee. “Very perceptive of you, young man.” His tone shifts to a more serious one. “Take care that you don’t stick around past your welcome.”

“I’ve been here before,” you answer. “This isn’t the first time I’ve visited.”

“I’m telling you this for yer own benefit, kid. Lot’s changed in the past few years. Willing to bet yer last visit hasn’t been in the last five years?” Seeing you shake your head, he continues. “Town’s had some weirdness lately. You look old enough for me to share. Hell, yer probably playing video games that have much worse.”

The attendee pulls a round container from his back pocket, fingers a pinch of black gum-looking stuff, and shoves it in his mouth. Copenhagen Black, just what the doctor ordered! Shove that gunk under your lip like a real man, like a real motherfuckin’ bonafide fuckin’ badass. Suck on it, spit, then repeat! Easy as 1, 2, 3! After a few seconds, he spits a sizable amount of dark saliva on the pavement, wiping his mouth with a rag from his other back pocket.

“Terrible stuff, don’t ever try it, kid.”

You utter a “Yes, sir.”

“Listen, I don’t mean to scare ya. Nothing illegal is taking place. Just...weirdness like I said. People hearin’ noises and jumping at the wind. Then there was that whole business with the Marchecks. That, kid, was illegal.”

Catching on to the irony of his statement, you patiently wait for him to continue. After another glob of spit, he does.

“Crazy old man Marcheck went off the rails. Took an old woodcutting axe and, well, confused his wife of 40 years of being a tree, so to speak. They’d been high school sweethearts, born and raised here in the Appalachian. Bill Marcheck was a hell of a quarterback. Still holds the completion and touchdown record. His wife, Martha (yes, Martha Marcheck), was on the cheerleading squad. It’s quite the American story, isn’t it son? The quarterback gets the cheerleader, and they live happily ever after...in this case, they lived happily for a while, until the thing.”

The man stops, letting the story sink in, gauging your reaction to see if he’d overdone telling the story to someone who didn’t even have their driver’s license. No doubt, he tried to soften, to Disney-fy the story at the end, referring an axe murder to “the thing.” Before you can answer, your mother comes outside with a full cart of groceries.

“There you are. Help me load these in the car.” She flashes a smile to the gas station attendee, who returns the smile. As you leave, the man holds a palm up in farewell, angled in a way like someone pushing open a revolving door. Then, he adds to the building pool of tobacco spit.
> Back at the cottage
When you arrive back at the cottage, you help unload the groceries. With several hours until the next meal, otherwise the next activity, you hole yourself into the guest room, perusing the dozens of VHS tapes packed neatly into a wicker basket. The basket is filled with movie titles you’ve never heard of, ranging from old westerns to soapy romances. On both ends of the spectrum, you’d rather blow your brains out. Not that you have anything against westerns, the old ones just have too many bad actors and lack proper special effects. I mean, damn, people get shot all the time and there’s no blood. Realism much?

After your search turns the neat stack of movies into a scattered mess, one catches your eye. It’s at the bottom of the basket, unmarked, and looks homemade. It’s a simple white box, different from the magnificent portraits painted on the other tapes. You open the box and find a black VHS tape inside. A white rectangular note is posted to one side of the tape. You’re right; it is homemade as the custom tape leaves room for the recorder to write a description. The outside may be unmarked, but the tape itself definitely isn’t.


Four simple numbers mark the side, the year in which whatever the tape holds was recorded. That’s your best guess at least. Curiosity getting the better of you, you shove the tape into the TV. After a few white lines of scuff, images begin to appear. A younger version of Grandpa and Grandma appear on the screen, the color faded and washed like old footage of ‘Nam. Grandpa is youthful, wearing a military uniform, not a single wrinkle rests on his face. His bright blue eyes can even be seen through the aged technology. Grandma is the same. Wearing a long dress skirt (that’s the best way you can describe it), her hair is curled at the edges, and red lipstick opposes the two blue eyes of Grandpa.

Suddenly, Emma barges into the room. “Bro! Guess what I found? Wait! No, I’ll bring you there.”
> You follow Emma
Obviously whatever Emma found is more exciting than an old tape of your young grandparents staring at each other with doe-like, googly eyes. You lunge forward and hit the off switch on the TV.

“This had better be worth it,” you warn, half-seriously. “I found a VHS tape from 1973 of Grandma and Grandpa.”

“Yeah, like you had anything better to do,” Emma retorts. “Are VHS tapes even that old?”

You’re actually not sure. They have to be, right? She leads you down the hallway, passing a Little Mermaid night light, to the garage door. The door opens to a single car garage. An older model Buick sits in the center, its brown paint could only be described as dirty puke. It doesn’t look as if it’s left the garage in the last ten years.

“I was grabbing sodas from the refrigerator,” Emma explains, “and I found this.”

She points to a corner of a trap door. Covered by a stack of boxes, which you promptly slide over, the corner is barely visible. Normally this wouldn’t grab either of your attention, after all, who wants to explore the underside of a house, but the trapdoor is different. It’s made from metal. Steel beams cover the front, reinforcing it. The center holds a single key hole with one of those handles in a X shape, giving it a vault-like appearance. Stick it in, give a little twist, and explore the treasures within! The trapdoor is custom-built, intentionally placed to hide its contents.

“Cool find, Sis,” you say, demonstrating the door’s locked state. “But you need a--”

“--key?” she answers with a smile, holding up a keyring rivaling a janitor’s.

“Where did you get that?” you question.

“Grandma gave it to me in case the garage door locks. Apparently, it has a nasty habit of locking from the inside.”

Not waiting for your response, or words of warning, she starts trying to fit keys in the keyhole. After the 6th try, the locking mechanism releases, and with a triumphant smile, she spins the handles and pulls the door up and open.
> Down the ladder
Not allowing chivalry to die a lonely pillow-smothering death, you motion to Emma that you’ll climb down first. Your hand grips the cold metal ladder that’s barely visible at the opening of the trap door. With one hand, you climb holding your phone out for light. Once you get to the bottom, you flash the phone around to survey your surroundings.

“Wait up there for a sec,” you call up the ladder. Emma nods and throws out a “Be careful!” It’s not a long climb, only around 8-10 feet. Still, you feel as if it’s your older brotherly obligation to do stuff like this, you know, stuff like scaring boys her age and climbing into creepy crawl spaces. Your phone light finds a switch on the wall, which you promptly flip.

Fluorescent light fills the room. It’s not a big room, probably around the same size as the spare bedroom, although that’s where the similarities end. Instead of two twins, this room holds a single chrome table in the center. Leather straps are chained to each corner, along with what looks like a catcher’s mask at the far end.

As you approach the table, one of the fluorescent bulbs overhead begins to flicker, creating a minor strobelight paired with the buzz of electricity. There’s something familiar about this table. A feeling of Deja Vu runs through your body. A crash echoes throughout the room like a thick book falling to the floor, causing you to jump slightly. The beam of light pouring through the ladder, originating from the garage, is gone. Fucking sisters. Emma probably planned the whole thing. You turn--

--the table calls to you. Its voice appears in your mind, like the way two lovers whisper into each other’s ear. Compelled to feel its cold metal, to run your hands on the smooth chrome and smell the fresh leather straps, you approach the table once more. Your hand hovers over its shine, savoring the moment, giving your senses full consent to violate wet pleasure.

You place your palm on the table.

scratch at the walls, grind their bones, scratch at the walls, grind their bones, scratch at…

Images flood into your mind, not only images, but someone infiltrating, occupying your mind space and filling it with their own. Suddenly, light flashes behind you, like a ray of sunshine meandering through a forest. The trapdoor back to the garage swings open. You walk to the base of the ladder and look up. Emma’s face peers down at you, marked with worry.

“Sorry. I must not have propped the door open all the way. Are you ok?” she asks.

Scratch at the walls.

“Yeah, there’s nothing down here,” you answer, gripping the base of the ladder. “Nothing exciting, anyway.”

Grind their bones.

“Get back up here, then. Before we get caught,” Emma says.

You do as you’re told.
> You as you're told
The room’s dark. Your phone tells you it’s just past 3am. Wakefulness, or perhaps restlessness, overtakes your body, like you’ve just had a solid 12 hours of sleep and can’t stand being in bed a moment longer. Softly, Emma breathes on the bed next to yours. Tip toeing, you place your feet on the ground and silently exit the room.

The hallway is lit, dimly, from The Little Mermaid night light from the end of the hall. The light draws your attention, not just because it allows you to see. There’s something comforting about it, mesmerizing, like the golden reflection of a chest of cold coins.

Trancelike, you approach the light, squatting down to get a better view. Ariel, smiling brightly in her shelled bra, sits in front of the small light bulb, red hair flowing at her shoulders like a crashing wave.

Scratch at the walls.

The voice appears from Ariel.

Grind their bones.

Your face curls in confusion, hoping that you just imagined the voice. If indeed you’re hearing a night light speak, something about it is very...unsettling, whether you imagined it or not.

Are you a fucking man? I see how you look at me. Bet you’d like for me to take off these shells, huh? Is that what you want? Would you make Ariel moan? Would you twist my tits and bite my neck? Come on, baby. Make it happen. Scratch at the walls. Grind their bones. You and I could have some fun together, the two of us.

The Little Mermaid continues smiling brightly, the voice subsided. Another urge fills your
bones
body, compelling you down the hallway towards the back door. The door, once sticky and hard to open, slowly opens on its own, like a gentle breeze is softly guiding it. Ahead in the dark, your grandfather’s shed looms, shadowy and inviting. You’re urged forward.

Cool night air greets you as you make the walk towards the shed. The long, overgrown jungle-like grass blows in the wind, like anchored tumbleweeds forever in stagnation. Crunch, crunch, crunch, your footsteps ring in the night, sending loose bits of gravel grinding against one another.

Just as the backdoor was open, so too is the shed. No light shines from within. Moonlight shines directly at the face of the shed. A single beam fires into the shed’s interior, caused by the open door, a beacon for you.

Inside, you can barely see. Everything’s dark with a hint of blue from the moonlight. The tool rack lies straight ahead. To the side, taking up most of the space, is the ‘73 Challenger Rallye. What a piece of shit. Just an old man holding onto the past by keeping that piece of junk around, the old man, the enemy.

He’d beaten you once before. Damn him. Scratch at the walls. The ‘73 Rallye had no small part in it. The sight of the car sickens you, as if a testament to your failure. Susan, called Suzy as a child, was weak. Calling upon her traumatic past had been easy enough. Memories are suppressed easily enough, especially ones rather left forgotten. A grin appears at your lips as if your raffle ticket was just chosen. What are the fuckin’ odds?

Little Suzy had quite the experience tucked away, deeply buried within her mind. If asked, she would deny and could so honestly. Not even she knew it happened, not until you made her remember. Oh, she remembered after that, couldn’t stop remembering. Little Suzy, object of her father’s affection. Boy ol’ boy could that man show his affection. Dear little Suzy. Too cute for her own good. Why’d she have to go and marry a stubborn mule like the old man? Doesn’t matter, your failure would be avenged tonight.

Your eyes find the old man’s woodcutter’s axe, leaning against a post. You lick your lips in anticipation. It’s perfect. The lifetime tool of the old man would be his undoing. The axe, an extension of the old man, fitting, no -- molding to his palm, the object used for decades, his hands rough and calloused by the handle, to be used by you, here, tonight. How fuckin’ poetic.

It does feel nice in your hands, the smooth wooden handle angled to help with swings, the head filed to a razor’s edge. A little too big, perhaps, but you’ll make it work.

You exit the shed, back into the moonlight. Gravel crunches underneath your steps, steps compelled in a robotic rhythm. The axehead drags on the ground behind you, creating a line in the gravel, tracing your journey back to the cottage. Once again, the back door lies open, inviting you in. Step right up! Let’s see how hard you can swing that axe, old sport. See if you can win the fuckin’ prize. Scratch at the…
> You your parents
Their bedroom lies just down the hall from the guest room. The door’s shut. It’s always shut when they sleep. Strange, you remember as a kid it would be slightly ajar at night, as if to say there’s room for three in here! Despite your worst nightmares, you’ve never slid your hand into the cracked door, opening it just wide enough for your head to peer through. It was slightly ajar, but it might as well have been closed. Something about it felt intrusive, even if the opportunity was there for you. The door in front of you, now, is shut completely.

For the first time in your life, you open the door.

This isn’t a scared kid walking into his parent’s bedroom in the middle of the night, afraid, ashamed at himself for wetting the bed. He won’t stand bedside, gently waking up his mother to share with her his shame, hoping she’ll hold him close in comfort. There won’t be space made in between Mom and Dad, in protection against further night terrors. There is no protection against this terror in the night.

You stand bedside, watching your mother’s breath expand and contract her body, the soft glow of an alarm clock shines on her face, bathing her face in red. The axe raises high. At the same moment, she senses your presence, the whites of her eyes appearing, suddenly, shining bright in between the red glow of the alarm clock. Fear, confusion, surprise, horror. The axe swings down.

A click, and light fills the room. Your father, awakening, groggily reaches for his brown-rimmed glasses sitting at his nightstand, facing the opposite direction, unsure and unsuspecting. As he turns your direction, you kick the severed head of your mother, sending it through the air with a trail of red, like a gory comet in the night sky. Mother’s head slams into your father’s face as if a
pillow
soccer ball, dazing him. Quickly, you jump onto the bed, over the body of your mother, swinging the axe overhead. It lands true, sinking into the chest of your father, dying his white t-shirt with crimson streaks. Your father’s body sits half upright against the bedpost like someone lounging against the base of a tree trunk. You stand overhead, one leg on each side of him, cutting, swinging, occasionally pressing your foot on his chest to dislodge the axe.

Heaving, labored by the act, you rest a moment, feeling satisfied, arousal starting to show at your pajama bottoms. There’ll be time for that later. The job’s not done yet.
> You emma
Your dear sister, your parent’s favorite. They won’t be able to take her side now. This time she’ll have to fight her own battle, so to speak. Goddamn she’s annoying. The way she eats, smacking her lips as if each bite was a mouthful of bubblegum. God, that drives you crazy. Why can’t she conduct herself like a normal person? Always gotta be the center of attention, whether that’s by popularity or annoyance. The spotlight always has to be on her.

She has your focus, alright.

Her “little innocent” act is finally coming to an end. This is her fault, after all. She took Grandpa’s keys. She practically made you climb down the ladder. Maybe there is such a thing as karma. There’s certainly no debate on cause and effect. You insult a woman, and her hand slaps your cheek. Can’t argue with the results: it’s the law of the jungle. Mock the boar in its lair, and it tramples your body. It’s just the way it is. Since her birth, it’s been one long mock, taking the positive attention from your parents and leaving the negative for you. It’s her fault. It’s by her doing. She shouldn’t be surprised at the act.

The guest room is dark, darker than you remember. No clocks, cell phones, or tablets shine quietly, not even signaling their charging state. That’s ok. You know where she sleeps. Feeling the axe handle, you approach the side of the bed, slowly raising the head with both arms. The blade swings down with all your might towards Emma. She always sleeps on the right side.

Instead of a satisfying crunch, the axe buries itself in pure mattress, sending a chunk of padding into the air. Confused, you pull the string of a nearby lamp, illuminating the room in its warm glow. Emma’s gone. A growl escapes your lips. That bitch. Where is she? The thing compels you onward. You know what they say about idle hands.
> You your grandparents
Your grandparents’ room is in the back corner of the cottage, away from the hallway where you sleep. Across the living room, kitchen, and finally to their bedroom door. It’s a flimsy little thing, the door. Hollow inside, feigning strength on the outside. It pretends to be strong, sturdy, able to keep out intruders. Fucking pathetic. The old man is the exact same way. It’d take two or three good swings to bring it down, to see what’s inside. Same goes for the old man.

Axe swings aren’t necessary, though, the knob’s unlocked. What’s the point of closing a door, to keep outsiders as the name suggests, if you aren’t going to lock it? Not that it’d matter. A simple lock won’t keep you barred from entry. It’s just the thought that counts. Maybe the old man knew that and left it unlocked just to spite you. He’ll pay for that.

The door creaks open slowly. It’s not completely dark. An aged television, a fatty, probably pushing a 30 inch screen, is on, hung from the corner of the room opposite of the door. Some old show is on in black and white, the cast wearing army fatigues and looking chummy with one another. Dramas, it’s never the same way in real life. In real life, there are consequences. Real consequences. In real life, you exist.

Two lumps are on the bed, lying underneath a hand-woven quilt. Some nightmares are recurring, dear Suzy. You sleep softly now, forgetting, attempting to bury what happened. The old man protected you once before, back when that title didn’t apply. Now, though, he’s old, weak, while I’m just as strong. Stronger, even. Unarmed, vulnerable, you both sleep dreaming of your youth, most likely, when you could run and fuck and walk up stairs without aching, back when your bodies were healthy and full of vigor. My little Suzy. All grown up.

First the old man. Then Suzy can have your full attention.

You walk bedside to where the old man, your grandfather, sleeps. His axe rests comfortably in your hand, the smooth handle a perfect size for his hands, his neck a similar size for the blade. The axe swings high, gathering momentum for the chop, like the top of a roller coaster before speeding down earthbound. Here it is. The moment you’ve been waiting for since ‘73.

The axe swings down, piercing into the old man’s neck, but then stops suddenly. Blood oozes out, not a lethal amount. Two weathered hands hold the axe handle, just above yours, preventing the axe head from burying further into his neck. He grunts, struggling to remove his lifelong tool from your grip. You lick your lips, grinning at his struggle.

A flash of light bursts in your vision. The old man releases one hand from the axe handle in order to soften your chin with a calloused knuckle. Growling, you bare your teeth, no longer displaying your inner glee. No more games. He dies. You follow suit, releasing one hand from the axe to throw a punch, only you don’t hit the old man. No, the knife edge of your hand lands on the back of the axe head, driving it deeper into the old man’s neck. His eyes open wide as you send another blow to the axe, hammering the blade into his neck, further, like a nail digging into a stubborn wall, soft gurgles the result with each hammer. Eventually, his strength fails, his fingers slowly losing hold on the axe handle. Lifeless, without a word, his arms fall limp.

A cry draws your attention.

Suzy, now an old woman, sits in the corner of the room, tucking her chin into her knees, as if hiding her gaze will save her. Kids. It reminds you of when she used to hide underneath the covers, thinking that’ll bring some level of protection. It never did. She sits in the corner, no doubt recognizing you, knowing she’s all yours. You stand in front of her, her husband’s axe still wet with his blood. You bend down, attempting to comfort her, wiping a tear from her wrinkled neck, offering calming shhhs while feeling her face with the back of your palm. Dear little Suzy. We’ll meet again.

Her cries are stifled with a single swing.
> You
Finally. There’s nothing left to do. A wave of exhaustion flows through your body, like you’ve been carrying a great weight to the point of losing feeling in your muscles. Your muscles, oddly mentioned by both Dad and Grandma when first arriving at the cottage. Suddenly thirst, as if waking from a night of drinking, fills your throat. You swallow a small amount of saliva in an attempt to remedy. It doesn’t work.

The axe slips from your grasp, crashing to the floor, head first then handle quickly falling in a quick one-two burst of noise. Sluggish, you collapse, the strength guiding your body quickly fading, knowing the task has been completed.

Your hand feels cold, similarly to feeling the metallic table in the basement, the chill running from your fingertips up your arm, all the way to your shoulder and torso. The voice, the compeller, the thing, leaves, abandoning you, siphoning the life from your body, using up all your energy in the night’s events. The power, the satisfaction, the arousal: it’s gone. There’s nothing left to do.

Silently, you lay on the carpet of your grandparents’ bedroom. It’s thick and scratchy, somehow comfortable in this moment. Grandma sits next to you, a deep wound in her neck where the axe struck through all the way into the drywall behind her.

The body of Grandpa lies unmoving on the bed, covered by the light of M*A*S*H still playing on the aged television. You imagine him in his military fatigues, not fighting in Korea, but in the jungles of Vietnam, a man fueled by vigor and a stubborn willingness to survive. He managed to survive a jungle halfway across the world, but couldn’t make it through the one at home.

Yourself again, numbness creeping in, you allow your mind to wander, to think its final thoughts as you lay dying next to your grandparents. You feel nothing, not even remorse. Everything’s simply blank, dulled like the mind after several cocktails. You allow your body to relax on the scratchy carpet and wonder where Emma is. After a few moments, your vision fades.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>When you arrive back at the cottage, you help unload the groceries. With several hours until the next meal, otherwise the next activity, you hole yourself into the guest room, perusing the dozens of VHS tapes packed neatly into a wicker basket. The basket is filled with movie titles you’ve never heard of, ranging from old westerns to soapy romances. On both ends of the spectrum, you’d rather blow your brains out. Not that you have anything against westerns, the old ones just have too many bad actors and lack proper special effects. I mean, damn, people get shot all the time and there’s no blood. Realism much?

After your search turns the neat stack of movies into a scattered mess, one catches your eye. It’s at the bottom of the basket, unmarked, and looks homemade. It’s a simple white box, different from the magnificent portraits painted on the other tapes. You open the box and find a black VHS tape inside. A white rectangular note is posted to one side of the tape. You’re right; it is homemade as the custom tape leaves room for the recorder to write a description. The outside may be unmarked, but the tape itself definitely isn’t.


Four simple numbers mark the side, the year in which whatever the tape holds was recorded. That’s your best guess at least. Curiosity getting the better of you, you shove the tape into the TV. After a few white lines of scuff, images begin to appear. A younger version of Grandpa and Grandma appear on the screen, the color faded and washed like old footage of ‘Nam. Grandpa is youthful, wearing a military uniform, not a single wrinkle rests on his face. His bright blue eyes can even be seen through the aged technology. Grandma is the same. Wearing a long dress skirt (that’s the best way you can describe it), her hair is curled at the edges, and red lipstick opposes the two blue eyes of Grandpa.

Suddenly, Emma barges into the room. “Bro! Guess what I found? Wait! No, I’ll bring you there.”
> You keep watching
“I’m watching something. Maybe later,” you say.

Visibly disappointed, she leaves after uttering a “hmmpt!”

Your eyes return back to the small TV screen. It’s poor quality matches the aged tape, creating a video that honestly isn’t too hard on the eyes. It’s a little bit like watching a documentary in science class. Those PBS docs, loosely based on scientific fact, don’t have the best quality or narrator. It’s better than a lecture, though, so no one complains.

Young Grandma and Grandpa are standing outside of a house, not the cottage, but one that looks firmly in the suburbs. The 1973 Challenger Rallye is parked in the driveway, shining bright spankin’ new. Its yellow paint reflects the sun like a gold medal hanging from an Olympian’s neck.

Grandpa whirls Grandma around and places a juicy kiss on her lips. She bends one knee, while kissing back, and grabs behind Grandpa’s head for stability, causing his military beret to fall off. Laughing, she picks it up, and places it loosely back on his head. As youthful Grandpa fixes the beret with a full-toothed smile--

--the video suddenly cuts to a woman strapped to a chrome, metallic table, leather straps holding her ankles and wrists. Her eyes are black, and the hospital gown she wears is marked with stains of dirt and sweat. Recognition hits you like a pillowcase stuffed with soap bars. She’s younger, and wearing no makeup, but there’s no mistaking that’s Grandma. Standing over her head, a priest dressed in black holding a bible begins speaking in latin. As the woman seizes, arches her back, and claws out with her arms, the priest increases the volume of his voice.

She spits out, spewing incoherent words, the white of her eyes showing. Foam appears at the corners of her mouth, as she writhes, unable to move from the fastened prone position of the table. Her fingernails, long and animal-like scratch against the metal table.

Errrrrrch!

The familiarity of the sound freezes you in place. Through the poor TV speakers, there’s no mistaking the sound you heard in the shed and hallway. Hairs on the back of your neck rise, as if the room suddenly dropped in temperature. As quick as the paralyzation hit you, movement soars back into your body. Instantly, you lunge forward and hit the off switch on the TV and

a figure stands behind you, their shadow visible in the blank television screen. Your body tenses, adrenaline running through your system at the sudden threat. You turn your head slowly, sudden movements have a way of catapulting predators into action. Your eyes move from the blank TV screen, to the aged wallpaper, noticing those god-awful design patterns, to Grandma standing in the doorway, dark bags underneath her eyelids.

“Time to eat, my little movie enthusiast,” she says, smiling a devilish grin. For a brief moment, her teeth appear yellow with jagged canines, eyes flashing black as a starless night. As quick as the image pours into your mind, it’s gone, replaced with the harmless, innocent old lady before you: Your grandma.

“I’ll be right there,” you answer, acting as if everything’s normal. It’s not. It’s really fucking not.
> You later that night
As you try to wash the earlier event from your mind, you get called on to help with dinner. A knife is placed in your hand, and you’re directed towards a cutting board with carrots lined on top like prisoners being led to their execution. You begin chopping, arranging your fingers like the way Giada does. Tonight, we’re eating Italian!

“Careful with that, Dear,” Grandma says, suddenly appearing behind you. Her voice drops off near the end as if the statement was forced out with limited breath. “I’d
love
hate to pick your fingers up off the floor.”

You utter a laugh. It’s polite to laugh at the elderly’s jokes. At least, you hope she’s joking. “I’m careful. I’ve seen the Food Network before.”

“What a load of shit,” Grandma replies. “Those spray paint tan ‘chefs’ are nothing more than low-budget actors pretending that they can fucking cook. It’s all camera tricks and professional editing. I could kick that whore, Rachel Ray, up and down the kitchen. Then, I’d tie her up and place a blindfold over her eyes, the only thing covering her body. Then, let’s see how well she understands food. She’d be my pet, my little ‘Ray of sunshine’ ha-ha! I’d hand feed her, letting her lick the scraps from my palm, savoring the taste of my open hand. There’s more where that came from! Eat this! Whap! Ha-ha!

“Dear?”

You look to see Grandma staring at you, expectantly. “Uh...I’m sorry, what?”

“I said I’ve never seen that show before,” Grandma replies with a smile, heading to check on the oven. You can’t help but notice the matte pink apron she’s wearing. GRANDMA’S COOKING IS TO DIE FOR. Next to the words, woven into the apron, is the image of an old lady holding a spatula, her chef’s hat tilting to one side of her head. You’re sure the image winked at you.
> The shed
A familiar feeling rises through the old man’s bones. Some feelings are better forgotten, and this one was buried behind lock and key. Sweet Susan, she doesn’t deserve to go through this again. Both of them have left the past unspoken, like if it’s never materialized into words, it’ll slowly decay into non-existence. Now, when his son and grandchildren appear, it returns? Timing sure is one hell of a bitch.The past, the possession, the thing: it’s all coming back. Nightmares have a way of lingering, appearing when we least expect.

One thing’s for sure. He can’t, he won’t allow the thing to ruin his Susan -- not again -- and take his grandchildren. The old man sits in his shed, his place of solace away from that fucking table. The chrome, metallic table with leather straps, the very same one that held his Susan, sits beneath his house like a child born of adultery. Somehow, despite his hate for the structure, he keeps it. Just in case.

Off to his side, sits the ‘73 Rallye, a testament to better times when youth and happiness flowed, unmarked by rust and broken parts. Damn, he loved that car. Still does, despite its state. The same goes for Susan. If the thing is back, he needs to save her. He needs to save his Susan.

These thoughts flow into the man as he gently feels the smoothness of his axe handle. That feeling, the familiar one, doesn’t compare to his hand on the woodcutter’s axe. It feels right in his hand, like it was whittled to fit his palm perfectly. In a way, it was. Years of use eroded the excess portions of the handle as if running water shifting a rock’s appearance. He’s had to change axe heads a few times, but he’s always kept the same handle.

Whistling through licked lips to the tune of John Denver’s Rocky Mountain High, the old man prepares himself for the upcoming confrontation. Now his life is full of wonder but his heart still knows some fear. It’s near. Better to nip it in the bud, so to speak. He hopes the thing remembers him. He hopes it remembers suffering defeat at his hands, the very ones molded to the axe handle. He’s ready. Better call the Father.
> A knock at the door
A sturdy knock appears at the door, sending vibrations through the hallway and into the guest room. You flip your legs over the side and sit up, taking your eyes away from the mobile game currently occupying your time. Visitors? The whole family’s here already. On the bed next to you, Emma doesn’t even react, her attention is too focused on her iPad. The front door opens with a squeal, and adults’ voices softly make their way to your room.

“Where is she?” an unfamiliar voice speaks in a hushed tone.

“In the kitchen. She’s getting worse, Father,” another voice whispers, sounding like your Grandfather’s. “Remember that horrible scratching sound? I’m hearing it again. Comes mostly at night. And the kids are here too.”

Silence occurs for a few moments, whether filled with thought or nodding, perhaps both, you’re unsure. Finally the Father speaks again. “Show me the others.” Footsteps draw closer, and you fall back into your prone inattentive state on the twin-sized bed.

Two figures appear at the door, your grandpa and another man, the Father. The Father, surprisingly, isn’t dressed in black with that little white thing at his neck. He’s dressed normally, at least for an older person. Neat slacks paint his legs and a plaid button down, sitting underneath a sweater vest, covers his torso. Standing next to your grandfather, he looks rather domesticated. Hands clasped behind his back, he speaks through a friendly smile.

“My, you two’ve grown. You probably don’t remember me. That’s ok. I’m Mark, or Father Mark, or Father -- whichever you prefer.”

“We’ve met before?” Emma asks.

“We have! You two were barely walking back then. It must have been...oh about 10 years ago,” Father Mark answers, scratching his chin in response to the internal mental math happening in his mind. “Your grandpop and I have known each other for many years. In fact, we even served together. Did you know that?”

You take this one. Emma surely thanks you for it. “No, Sir. I didn’t know Grandpa and Grandma were so religious.”

The Father and Grandpa exchange nervous smiles. “Trial has a way of turning one’s attention upward,” Father Mark tactfully says. He continues, dropping his voice in volume like he’s sharing a deep secret with the three of you. “Have you heard strange noises at all? Stuff you can’t explain? Something like scratching on the walls or
footsteps
objects moving places?”
> Yes
“I haven’t heard anything,” Emma states. You didn’t think she had, otherwise the entire world would know about it. She’s not known for keeping quiet. The entire neighborhood knows when she finds a spider in her bedroom. It’s no wonder, there; it’s harder to notice things when your face is buried in a screen, ears plugged too.

The old men and Emma stare at you expectantly. Your apparent reluctance to answer right away causes everyone with white hair to narrow their eyes. We have specials for seniors over 55! Just check the back of your menu! Gotta keep that ol’ ticker tickin’.

“I--”

CRASH!

You begin to answer when glass shatters, sounding like it originates near the kitchen. Behind Mark and Grandpa, you and Emma closely follow to investigate. Down the hallway, and through the living room, to Grandmother’s kitchen we go! Grandma stands in the kitchen, hovering over shards of glass, the remnants of a fallen picture frame.

“Susan, watch out. You’ll cut yourself,” your mother scolds, appearing with the usual Nicholas Sparks in hand. She neatly holds the page with a finger and bends down to pick up the fallen picture from under the glass shards.

“Ow! Damn it,” your mother comments, nicking her hand with a jagged edge.

“I’ll get the broom,” your father says, joining the party, adjusting his glasses which had fallen to the tip of his nose.

Your mother suddenly stops moving, holding the fallen picture in her hand, transfixed upon it as if it were her novel, although the quiver in her hand speaks to the difference in reading material, mouth inadvertently cracked open, words not forming a coherent sentence from within. Instead of speaking, she simply holds the picture up for all to see.

The picture is of all six of you, minus the Father of course. You don’t remember when it was taken. Both you and Emma are held in the arms of your parents, looking plump with baby fat. In each place where a smiling face should have been, scratch marks cover the picture like the inside of a cage once an animal breaks free.

The kitchen light flickers, and for a moment you see the dark bags appear underneath Grandma’s eyes, drooping heavy like her face is struggling to maintain holding in place. When the light returns, she is gone.

Emma screams, a shrill sound that looks to contribute to the shattered glass on the floor. Your dad takes her in his arms to comfort. Your mother still looks frozen in shock. A certain resolve falls over Grandpa and Father Mark; they are not inexperienced in the matter.

“Stay with Father Mark,” Grandpa commands. “I need to grab my equipment from the shed.”
> You father Mark
Collectively, you all agree to stay with the Father. Grandpa takes off, moving with an air of grace seemingly too spry for the old man’s age. “This way,” Father Mark ushers towards the nearest bedroom, in this case, the guest room. He waves his arms in such a way that he might as well be finding you empty pew seats on a Sunday morning. Down the hall, another light flickers, then explodes into a burst of light and glass: The Little Mermaid night light.

When you arrive in, Father Mark slams the door shut. “What the fu...dge is happening?” you mother bursts out, taking a corrective course on her word choice.

“Susan is plagued by inner demons,” Mark explains. “It’s happened before, and I didn’t think it’d happen again.” Dad is solemn, taking in the news and the events that just transpired, the target of the ailment, his birth mother.

“The table,” you say. Four heads turn in your direction questioningly. “The table from the video,” you repeat, scouring the wicker basket for the VHS tape. You find the blank white box at the bottom and tear it open. Caught by surprise, you fumble the tape. Instead of 1973, which was written on the side, it says:



“What the fuck,” your dad says, completing the full word unlike your mother. He snatches the tape from your hand, gripping it with a hand at each end and snaps it in half. Plastic pieces and film roll onto the floor, pouring from the inside of the VHS like entrails.

White noise suddenly fills the room at deafening levels. The TV compliments the sound with internal mechanisms moving and locking into place, the screen stuck in its static black and white state. Emma screams again, noticing that no one is near the TV buttons. This time, Father Mark comforts her.

Pounding appears at the door, booming into the room like thunderous footsteps, steady, four times in cadence. The TV cracks, loosening its surge of white noise, and quiets down.

Father, son, and the holy grandchildren. My, my what a treat.

The voice projects from the TV speaker. It holds a hint of your grandmother’s tone, but is paired with a deeper, scratchier voice as if the two are speaking simultaneously.

“You’ll not harm Susan any longer, demon!” Father Mark shouts, then begins speaking memorized prayers in latin, ones that he’s prepared beforehand. Both his hands clasp at his heart, and his eyes remain shut completely.

HA HA HA you’d have the same effect reading from the slut’s book.

The voice rings again, causing a jump from your mother who rightly interpreted herself as the subject. “That does it,” she utters, more to herself, and briskly walks to the TV to hit the power button. As soon as her finger hits the ON/OFF button,
A mother has eyes in the back of her head
the screen bursts into a shower of glass, as if a stray foul ball finding a window.

Your mother screams.

She covers her eyes with her hands, and still, you can see drops of red flowing from underneath matching the color of the VHS tape writing. “I can’t see, I can’t see, I can’t see, I can’t…” she repeats over and over and over, her voice flaring with emotional strife. All of you huddle around her. The bedroom door swings open as if by a gust of wind, with so much force the knob buries itself in the drywall.

No lights shine through the doorway. Whatever lights were on in the house before are all off. Outside, rain pelts down on the roof, the break in volume allowing the sound to be heard. Even the sun, sitting behind a thick storm cloud layer, offers no evening light to the cottage. Through your mother’s cries, and soft drops of rain, the doorway invites you to walk through.
> You stay put
No way in hell you’re going to walk out, not unless everyone decides to. No one motions that way, unsurprisingly, as all attention is focused on caring for your injured mother. Tears roll down Emma’s face like the droplets of rain on your window when you first arrived. Small hairs on your skin prickle as if static electricity is in the air.

The doorway, an entryway of infinite black, looms ahead, no noise echoing from the hallway. But then

Errrrchhhh!

Scratch at the walls.

a figure slowly enters from the darkness, her loose skin hanging, drooping, threatening to fall from her limbs, head pointed downward covering the whites of her eyes. Grandma. Still, she wears her apron, although it’s freshly covered with blood. Grandpa’s? Perhaps. Her white-gray hair holds streaks of red, matting it down the left side of her face, a face that’s still hidden from your view.

Grind their bones.

It’s so nice to have the family together, again. I’ve missed this. You look hungry. Want Grandma to feed you?

After the simultaneous voices end, “Grandma” holds a wrinkly finger up for all the see. Her mouth cracks open in a grin, revealing yellow, rotting teeth within like the way a predator stumbles on a trapped prey.

She takes a bite.

The sound, the fucking crunch is like a wooden baseball bat cracking a fastball down the middle, sending the ball over the fence to a cheering crowd’s delight. It’s oddly higher pitched than you’d expect as if a
carrot
snap of small twigs. She spits the finger in your direction, revealing a bloody nub, the white of her bone in the center like the way a diagram would show a planet cut in half, displaying its core.

Father Mark continues praying. You’re frozen at the severed limb in front of you. Emma and Dad tend to Mom. As the thing disguised as your grandmother walks forward, the door shuts behind her, the hole in the drywall for all to see. She walks forward, slowly, coming for you first.

At the very last moment, she lifts her gaze allowing you to see the whites of her eyes.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Collectively, you all agree to stay with the Father. Grandpa takes off, moving with an air of grace seemingly too spry for the old man’s age. “This way,” Father Mark ushers towards the nearest bedroom, in this case, the guest room. He waves his arms in such a way that he might as well be finding you empty pew seats on a Sunday morning. Down the hall, another light flickers, then explodes into a burst of light and glass: The Little Mermaid night light.

When you arrive in, Father Mark slams the door shut. “What the fu...dge is happening?” you mother bursts out, taking a corrective course on her word choice.

“Susan is plagued by inner demons,” Mark explains. “It’s happened before, and I didn’t think it’d happen again.” Dad is solemn, taking in the news and the events that just transpired, the target of the ailment, his birth mother.

“The table,” you say. Four heads turn in your direction questioningly. “The table from the video,” you repeat, scouring the wicker basket for the VHS tape. You find the blank white box at the bottom and tear it open. Caught by surprise, you fumble the tape. Instead of 1973, which was written on the side, it says:



“What the fuck,” your dad says, completing the full word unlike your mother. He snatches the tape from your hand, gripping it with a hand at each end and snaps it in half. Plastic pieces and film roll onto the floor, pouring from the inside of the VHS like entrails.

White noise suddenly fills the room at deafening levels. The TV compliments the sound with internal mechanisms moving and locking into place, the screen stuck in its static black and white state. Emma screams again, noticing that no one is near the TV buttons. This time, Father Mark comforts her.

Pounding appears at the door, booming into the room like thunderous footsteps, steady, four times in cadence. The TV cracks, loosening its surge of white noise, and quiets down.

Father, son, and the holy grandchildren. My, my what a treat.

The voice projects from the TV speaker. It holds a hint of your grandmother’s tone, but is paired with a deeper, scratchier voice as if the two are speaking simultaneously.

“You’ll not harm Susan any longer, demon!” Father Mark shouts, then begins speaking memorized prayers in latin, ones that he’s prepared beforehand. Both his hands clasp at his heart, and his eyes remain shut completely.

HA HA HA you’d have the same effect reading from the slut’s book.

The voice rings again, causing a jump from your mother who rightly interpreted herself as the subject. “That does it,” she utters, more to herself, and briskly walks to the TV to hit the power button. As soon as her finger hits the ON/OFF button,
A mother has eyes in the back of her head
the screen bursts into a shower of glass, as if a stray foul ball finding a window.

Your mother screams.

She covers her eyes with her hands, and still, you can see drops of red flowing from underneath matching the color of the VHS tape writing. “I can’t see, I can’t see, I can’t see, I can’t…” she repeats over and over and over, her voice flaring with emotional strife. All of you huddle around her. The bedroom door swings open as if by a gust of wind, with so much force the knob buries itself in the drywall.

No lights shine through the doorway. Whatever lights were on in the house before are all off. Outside, rain pelts down on the roof, the break in volume allowing the sound to be heard. Even the sun, sitting behind a thick storm cloud layer, offers no evening light to the cottage. Through your mother’s cries, and soft drops of rain, the doorway invites you to walk through.
> You walk through the door
The doorway invites you in, promising hope of escape. You’re slightly comforted by the fact either choice will likely have the same outcome. Who’s to say the guest room is safe? It’s obviously not. Your grandfather is still out there, and you figure he’s your best chance at survival. As you’re approaching the doorway, your father stops you.

“Son, where do you think you’re going?” he speaks, a question one you’ve heard before, usually when going to meet your friends or hang out with the neighbor girl, Sydney. The tone, the one from a place of authority is gone. Instead, a strained curiosity cuts through, which allows you to address him as equals. The situation calls for it.

“Grandpa is still out there,” you say. As you begin to explain yourself further, not that you need to, Father Mark interjects.

“The kid’s right. The old man and I’ve been through a lot, and we’re better off saving Susan together. Stay put. The kid and I will be back, you have my word.”

Father Mark takes point, and you follow closely behind. You exit from the light into the dark, allowing Father Mark’s faith to act as courage for you both. The shed is down the hallway, out the back door, and across the overgrown yard. Mentally, you estimate the steps to arrive. It can’t be more than two or three hundred. No that far, especially--

--a young girl stands in front of the back door, dressed in a cute blue dress along with white stockings running up her legs. Her blonde hair is curled at the tips in an old-fashioned way, in the manner you’d expect from someone decades ago. She stands, unmoving, holding a stuffed animal. In this case, a rabbit.

“Do you want to fuck me, Father?” she innocently asks, giving the stuffed rabbit a little swing ending with a tight squeeze. “Do you want to tie me up and rip off my clothes and feel my tight pussy? That’s what all you men want, huh?”

“What? No, I--” Father Mark is taken aback by the girl’s questions.

“My daddy likes it. I bet you’ll like it too. Your friend standing behind you can have me next. Here, how’s this?” The girl’s hair suddenly appears in two pigtails. “There, that’s better. ‘Suzy, show your daddy how much you love him.’ I let him run his hand up my leg, finding my cotton panties. They’re soft, want to feel? They’ll make you stiff. They made daddy stiff. He showed me, shoved it in me, sprayed it on me. Daddy likes it. You’ll like it too.”

On her last word, the girl leaps forward, brought upon by a power, allowing her to travel the 15 foot gap like she’s playing hopscotch. Mid-air, dark bags flash underneath her eyes, her face twisting back into an elderly state, while still keeping the girl’s body. You duck to the side. Father Mark isn’t as quick.
> You keep searching for Grandpa
There’s nothing you can do to help Father Mark. He’s as good as dead. You are, too, if you stay to help. Your family is depending on you. Silently apologizing, you break for the back door. It’s normally sticky self doesn’t cause you any issue this time. You rip that sucker open in a single pull and slam it behind you.

Outside, dark gray clouds circle overhead, dropping their contents on the earth. Wet streaks fill the air coupled with gusts of wind, sending the overgrown grass to the side as if some invisible force was sitting on top. Lighting flashes, briefly illuminating the gray world into daylight. You continue running across the grass towards the shed and slip through the shed doors.
Inside, your grandfather is huddled over the workbench. “This is the worst I’ve ever seen it,” he utters, not turning your direction.

“Mom’s been hurt! Father Mark is...gone,” you manage to say, not sure where to start and how to convey the scenes you just witnessed.

“That thing leaves me no choice,” your grandfather says, turning around, the whites of his knuckles firmly locking a woodcutter’s axe into place. “It’s happened before, and if I don’t end it, it’ll happen again.”

Your grandfather’s demeanor for the implication of his statement is rather calm, like he decided the course of action long ago. He continues. “Back in ‘73, something happened. I don’t know what exactly. I was a military man, as your father told you. Returning from the jungle of Vietnam, something was different. She was different, like the demons of her past had finally caught up and taken the driver’s seat.”

He pauses a moment to inspect the knife at his belt. Satisfied with the M7 bayonet, a tool from his past, a place of war, struggle, and hard decisions, he thrusts it back in its sheath. Fitting that it’s at his side, now, that he finds himself back, now that the thing is back. War was supposed to change him. He was the one supposed to come back affected, needing his wife’s comfort and soothing. Instead, he returned to find the thing inhabiting Susan. He would make it pay. Still, there’s the kid.

Your grandfather fishes in his pockets and pulls out a set of keys, one that looks different from the one you’ve noticed attached to his belt loop. He tosses them to you. An outdated version of the Dodge logo is emblemed on the largest key.

“Can you drive stick?” your grandfather asks.

You nod. “I’m practicing on an old Accord Dad has.”

A laugh briefly escapes your grandfather’s lips, despite the circumstance. “This baby has a little more torque. She sticks on gear three, take it easy.”

“I don’t understand--” you begin to say.

“Keep it running in the front yard. If you don’t see anyone in five minute’s time, drive away. I mean it. Get the hell out of here and don’t look back. Five minutes. Then go.”

Your grandfather rests the woodcutter’s axe on one shoulder and exits the shed, crossing through the overgrown backyard, heading for the house, for the thing, for his Susan.
> You do as he says
You watch the old man, your grandfather, approach the house, holding his axe casually like it’s just another day. He passes through long strands of grass, dancing in the wind. Your fingers feel the keys in your palm, noticing the ridges and smooth patterns of the aged Dodge logo. The ring consists of two keys: one for the car, and the other is smaller like it’s meant for a padlock or mailbox.

The shed doesn’t have an automatic door, so you quickly run to the wooden double doors and swing them open. They glide open seamlessly, without so much of a squeak or
scratch
squeal from lack of oil. Then, you move to the driver's door of the ‘73 Rallye. Same thing, only the car door requires more umph to pull open. The wheel is different than you’re used to. It’s thinner, but also larger with ridges in the back for finger placement.

Ignition.

The beast roars to life, a pump on the gas aiding, your right hand finding a home on the stick, its typical lollipop shape replaced with a model chamber of a revolver. The roar slowly turns into a growl, like the warning sound of a tiger hunting in the jungle.On the dashboard, the clock shows 6:12. Five minutes, he said. If you don’t see anything, then drive off. Could you really just leave your family behind? Cool leather seats behind you, a gravel driveway in front, you stamp your foot down on the clutch and pop it into first.

It jolts forward, sending a spray of gravel in the air. Cursing, you lighten on the gas. Torque, indeed. At a crawl, you bring the Challenger around to the front, exactly as your grandfather told you. Now, the waiting begins.

6:13

The house sits empty, void of the life you noticed when arriving. Its two eyes, the front windows are dark, not unlike your grandmother’s eyes. The thought brings a chill to the small hairs on your neck.

6:14

Rain pelts the hardtop, making small puddles on the Challenger’s hood, transitioning it into a glossy yellow. The beast purrs, desperately wanting you to step on the gas. It wants to run free. It may be aged, stiff from being locked in its cage, but now it can run free. It can rule the jungle again.

6:15

Your parents’ RAV 4 is still parked in the front. Compared to the Rallye, it looks bulky, frail, plastic, like the design is meant to distract you from its severe lack in power, and instead, focuses on features, perfect for grabbing the short attention-span of the public. Are people the same way? Does a flashy exterior attract others, despite lacking strength, a solid foundation “under the hood?”

6:16

The ‘73 Challenger Rallye is the exact opposite. Sturdy, solidly built, it’s a perfect reflection of your grandfather. On the outside, it appeals to certain crowds, certainly not the vast majority. It doesn’t attempt to hide from wear and tear, scars accrued over the years. It’s not equipped with the latest tech. Hell, there’s not even a tape player, and the dashboard clock’s analog. Your hand feeling the wheel, back pressed against the leather, you’d pick the Rallye every time.

6:17

No one’s coming.
> You keep waiting
The house lies silent, empty, no lights appear at the windows. If not for the green treeline surrounding, the cottage could easily mold into the gray, cloudy environment, absent of color. It’s quiet, save for the growling Rallye. 6:18. You’re not going to leave your family behind. Where would you go anyway? How would you explain it to the authorities? No, you must trust that your grandfather will do what must be done. You keep your hand on the stick, the chamber of the revolver, ready to shift into first at a moment’s notice.

Errrrrch

Your body tenses at the sound, the one you’ve become familiar with -- and the chaos that follows. Still, you wait for your family, imagining the front door bursting open, your grandfather hurriedly ushering your mom and sister through, led by Dad and Father Mark. They rush toward the ‘73, waving their arms signaling you to step on it, jumping inside the two-doored machine.

That’s not what happens. The cottage door remains shut. You shift your eyes--

--two dark bags underneath eyes, drooping, sagging low on wrinkly skin stare back at you through the rear-view mirror. You don’t move, as if sudden movement will spring the creature into action. You don’t speak. Neither does the thing. From the corner of your eye, you can see the thing, whatever is possessing your grandmother, in the backseat, still wearing her apron, wrinkly fingers interlaced in her lap drawing attention to the one bitten off, stoic, as if in prayer.

Keeping a watchful gaze in the mirror, your hand reaches for the handle of the car door. No sudden movement. Steady, steady, steady... Your hand finds the release, only the cold metal handle isn’t there. Instead, your fingers wrap around leathery skin, twisting, squirming in your grasp. HISSS, a forked tongue spits in your face along with the warning hiss from the snake, like hot steel placed in a bucket of cold water. Instantly, you react, throwing the serpent from your grasp. It fades into nothing as if mist fading into air.

Your eyes return back to the rear-view mirror. Backseat’s empty. Slowly, you turn your head to view behind the seats, checking for signs of the thing. Nothing. Still, keeping the steady turn, your head comes back to facing forward. The backseat, passenger seat, dashboard, a sinking feeling enters your body. Face-to-face, sitting on your lap like two kids sharing a swing, lightless, your grandmother straddles your lap. Wrinkled skin, threatening to fall from her face, houses the creature like smeared paint on a portrait, her eyes dark and lifeless, cooking apron once marred with white flour, now dyed red. Her lips part, sending a wave of rotten air into your face. Yellow teeth, sharp like a canine’s, peer through the crack in her lips.

The last thing you remember is that horrible rotten smell.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You watch the old man, your grandfather, approach the house, holding his axe casually like it’s just another day. He passes through long strands of grass, dancing in the wind. Your fingers feel the keys in your palm, noticing the ridges and smooth patterns of the aged Dodge logo. The ring consists of two keys: one for the car, and the other is smaller like it’s meant for a padlock or mailbox.

The shed doesn’t have an automatic door, so you quickly run to the wooden double doors and swing them open. They glide open seamlessly, without so much of a squeak or
scratch
squeal from lack of oil. Then, you move to the driver's door of the ‘73 Rallye. Same thing, only the car door requires more umph to pull open. The wheel is different than you’re used to. It’s thinner, but also larger with ridges in the back for finger placement.

Ignition.

The beast roars to life, a pump on the gas aiding, your right hand finding a home on the stick, its typical lollipop shape replaced with a model chamber of a revolver. The roar slowly turns into a growl, like the warning sound of a tiger hunting in the jungle.On the dashboard, the clock shows 6:12. Five minutes, he said. If you don’t see anything, then drive off. Could you really just leave your family behind? Cool leather seats behind you, a gravel driveway in front, you stamp your foot down on the clutch and pop it into first.

It jolts forward, sending a spray of gravel in the air. Cursing, you lighten on the gas. Torque, indeed. At a crawl, you bring the Challenger around to the front, exactly as your grandfather told you. Now, the waiting begins.

6:13

The house sits empty, void of the life you noticed when arriving. Its two eyes, the front windows are dark, not unlike your grandmother’s eyes. The thought brings a chill to the small hairs on your neck.

6:14

Rain pelts the hardtop, making small puddles on the Challenger’s hood, transitioning it into a glossy yellow. The beast purrs, desperately wanting you to step on the gas. It wants to run free. It may be aged, stiff from being locked in its cage, but now it can run free. It can rule the jungle again.

6:15

Your parents’ RAV 4 is still parked in the front. Compared to the Rallye, it looks bulky, frail, plastic, like the design is meant to distract you from its severe lack in power, and instead, focuses on features, perfect for grabbing the short attention-span of the public. Are people the same way? Does a flashy exterior attract others, despite lacking strength, a solid foundation “under the hood?”

6:16

The ‘73 Challenger Rallye is the exact opposite. Sturdy, solidly built, it’s a perfect reflection of your grandfather. On the outside, it appeals to certain crowds, certainly not the vast majority. It doesn’t attempt to hide from wear and tear, scars accrued over the years. It’s not equipped with the latest tech. Hell, there’s not even a tape player, and the dashboard clock’s analog. Your hand feeling the wheel, back pressed against the leather, you’d pick the Rallye every time.

6:17

No one’s coming.
> You drive off
There’s no point in sticking around. They’re not coming. Your grandfather isn’t one to act against his word. If he’s not here, if no family members or Father Mark appeared by the five minute mark, then they’re not coming. Idling the Challenger a minute longer won’t change that fact, besides upping your chances of not escaping.

Your foot slams on the clutch, and your hand brings the stick to first. In a slight spin-out, spraying more gravel in the air, you leave the cottage behind, eyeing the home through the rear-view mirror as you make your escape. Your mother, father, Emma, grandparents, even Father Mark: they’re as good as dead. The things witnessed in that damn cottage are from the devil, no mistaking that fact. You’ve never been religious, but you say a quick prayer to the man upstairs, begging for your family’s safety. He doesn't answer back.

Rain continues to pelt against the Challenger’s hood, the wipers doing as well as you’d expect from the aged parts. The single lane road through the Appalachian forest is quiet, save for the rain. Somber gray skies peer through breaks in the treeline, basking your escape in dreary weather, fitting for the circumstance.

Your foot presses harder on the gas. The sooner you’re out of the Appalachian, the better.

10 years later…

Your elbows rest on the hard bar top, shoulders slouching just above. It’s not a comfortable position necessarily, but it’s the only one that draws close. Although, that’s more likely attributed to the lowball glass in your hand. Johnnie Walker Red Label, your go-to, the only bandage for the things you’ve witnessed.

Even that thought brings a slight chill to your body.

The smoky scotch burns a strong flavor on your tongue. You swish it around, allowing the burning to spread to your lips. The past ten years have not been blissful, to say the least. Countless nights awakening in sweat, remember the dark bags underneath the thing’s eyes, drooping skin threatening to fall from your grandmother’s aged bones. No, you’d rather not remember. At least whiskey numbs the thoughts. For a while. Then, eventually, the buzz wears off, and your mind resumes playback on the horrors witnessed. Back to the bar, and the cycle continues. You’ve driven far away from the Appalachian, to the furthest place you could get. California.

“Nice ride.”

Next to you, a young woman appears smiling. Her blonde curls rest just past her shoulders, framing a face with too much makeup on. Does her natural face really need that much? Apparently so.

“Thanks,” you reply. “She’s a ‘73.”

“Do you take passengers? I have gas money,” the woman says, touching her pointer finger to her nostril. If scotch is a bandage, cocaine is fucking makeshift splint. It does the trick for a short while, but eventually it wears from usefulness. Thirty minutes, tops. Still, that’s half an hour of peace, thirty minutes of suppressing the memories.

Somehow you muster a smile, doing your very best to ignore how you really feel. “Wheel’s up in five. I’ll keep her running, but if you don’t show, I’m taking off.”

The woman nods, smiling, and rushes to gather her things. She better fucking show.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>There’s nothing you can do to help Father Mark. He’s as good as dead. You are, too, if you stay to help. Your family is depending on you. Silently apologizing, you break for the back door. It’s normally sticky self doesn’t cause you any issue this time. You rip that sucker open in a single pull and slam it behind you.

Outside, dark gray clouds circle overhead, dropping their contents on the earth. Wet streaks fill the air coupled with gusts of wind, sending the overgrown grass to the side as if some invisible force was sitting on top. Lighting flashes, briefly illuminating the gray world into daylight. You continue running across the grass towards the shed and slip through the shed doors.
Inside, your grandfather is huddled over the workbench. “This is the worst I’ve ever seen it,” he utters, not turning your direction.

“Mom’s been hurt! Father Mark is...gone,” you manage to say, not sure where to start and how to convey the scenes you just witnessed.

“That thing leaves me no choice,” your grandfather says, turning around, the whites of his knuckles firmly locking a woodcutter’s axe into place. “It’s happened before, and if I don’t end it, it’ll happen again.”

Your grandfather’s demeanor for the implication of his statement is rather calm, like he decided the course of action long ago. He continues. “Back in ‘73, something happened. I don’t know what exactly. I was a military man, as your father told you. Returning from the jungle of Vietnam, something was different. She was different, like the demons of her past had finally caught up and taken the driver’s seat.”

He pauses a moment to inspect the knife at his belt. Satisfied with the M7 bayonet, a tool from his past, a place of war, struggle, and hard decisions, he thrusts it back in its sheath. Fitting that it’s at his side, now, that he finds himself back, now that the thing is back. War was supposed to change him. He was the one supposed to come back affected, needing his wife’s comfort and soothing. Instead, he returned to find the thing inhabiting Susan. He would make it pay. Still, there’s the kid.

Your grandfather fishes in his pockets and pulls out a set of keys, one that looks different from the one you’ve noticed attached to his belt loop. He tosses them to you. An outdated version of the Dodge logo is emblemed on the largest key.

“Can you drive stick?” your grandfather asks.

You nod. “I’m practicing on an old Accord Dad has.”

A laugh briefly escapes your grandfather’s lips, despite the circumstance. “This baby has a little more torque. She sticks on gear three, take it easy.”

“I don’t understand--” you begin to say.

“Keep it running in the front yard. If you don’t see anyone in five minute’s time, drive away. I mean it. Get the hell out of here and don’t look back. Five minutes. Then go.”

Your grandfather rests the woodcutter’s axe on one shoulder and exits the shed, crossing through the overgrown backyard, heading for the house, for the thing, for his Susan.
> You follow him to the cottage
As your grandfather heads towards the cottage, you run to the shed’s double doors. It’s not automatic, so you have to manually open each one. Once it’s open, you climb inside the Rallye, feeling the cold leather seat against your back and the sturdy wheel. The engine roars to life with your turn of the key, settling down to a throaty growl, warning nearby prey that it's king of the jungle.

Heeding your grandfather’s warning, you slide the stick into first and stamp on the pedals. She spurts forward, leaving behind a spray of gravel. Then, you exit keeping the engine running. No doubt, your grandfather would hear the engine starting up. The less he worries about you, the better. Your family is still inside the cottage. After quickly searching the shed for something to arm yourself with, you follow your grandfather’s footsteps, the wooden handle of a handaxe in your palm.

---

He’s a good kid. He shouldn’t be exposed to these things. This is my battle, has been for nearly half a century. I barely made it out last time, me, after all my military training, after facing real combat. No, better for him to escape. Leave this all behind. I couldn’t live with myself otherwise. My son’s family is as good as dead. At least the grandson will make it out. At least one will survive. It’s all my fault. Best I can do is try and correct it now. Make sure the thing can’t harm another family.

Storm’s picking up. The old man swings open the back door to the cottage. A gust of wind blows at the same time, catching the door in its path like sails at full mast, sending a chunk of wood flying from the cottage wall on impact. The old man and his axe enter the cottage.

The first thing that greets him is Father Mark. Rather, Father Mark’s body. Claw marks cover his chest, the red streaks like bloody shooting stars. His eyes have been pecked out. One eyeball dangles to the side of his cheek as if cargo hauled up by a rope. Unable to close his eyes, putting his friend to rest, the old man removes his trucker hat and places it over Father Mark’s face. The first victim claimed. The old man knows it won’t be the last. His grip tightens on the woodcutter’s axe.
> The guest bedroom
No lights are on in the cottage, save for the guest room. Like a moth to a flame, the old man makes straight for it, testing light switches on the way. They’re all dead. He hopes the same couldn’t be said for his family. Axe in front, he enters the guest bedroom. Shattered glass lies on the floor, a hole in the TV the obvious source. No sign of anyone.

Then, the old man notices a pair of shoes sticking out from underneath the bed. Judging by the loafers, it must be his son’s.

“Son!” the old man whispers. No response from the pair of shoes. The old man gets on his hands and knees and flips the bedskirt open. Sure enough, it’s his son’s shoes and legs, just...there’s no torso. The ground lies red, dyed from from the top of the severed legs. Quickly, the old man pulls his gaze away. That fucking monster.

I’m saving those for later, unless you’d like to taste them now.

Dual voices project from the doorway. His Susan, the thing stands at the opening, staring at the ground hiding the whites of her eyes. Her body sways, though she’s standing still, as if upheld by loose cord. There’s a new apron tied at her waist and neck. This one reads, HOPE YOU BROUGHT AN APPETITE, a dinner plate and silverware displayed like a skull and crossbones.

“I’ve beaten you before, and I’ll beat you again. There won’t be another return for you,” the old man threatens, his hand on the axe.

You were weak then, and you’re weak now. Look at you, frail, probably can’t even get an erection. Do you want Suzy to try? Stick my hand down your pants and feel your manhood?

Susan walks forward, her body shrinking with each step, her hair changing to blonde pigtails. Wrinkles in her face disappear, as if given a good ironing. In her smaller, childish frame, she steps out from your grandmother’s clothes, leaving the apron hanging from her neck. The words have changed to A GRANDMOTHER LIVES ON KISSES.

I’ll do all the work for you. Don’t you want to rip my apron off? There’s nothing in the back.

Suzy does a tiny twirl, letting the old man see her exposed backside.

“No…” the old man answers. “This is wrong. I’ll not let you use my Susan.” He charges forward, axe overhead, ready to chop the thing down. Suzy scowls, her face briefly turning to it’s wrinkled state, still attached to the child’s body. She waves her arms as if throwing an imaginary ball from each hand, one after the other.

Two objects fly in the air towards the old man. With speed surprising for his age, two swings of the axe cut the forms mid-air. Like a stone in a river, the objects redirect around him, cut cleanly in half. Blood sprays in the air. The objects, now four, lie behind the old man, two pieces of his daughter-in-law, two pieces of his son’s torso, both pairs of eyes frozen, horrified, mouth spread open in a fish-like manner.

With a yell, the old man charges forward, this time pulling the knife from his belt and throwing it at the thing. This is not a fight where he can afford to play on the outside. He needs to get in close, down in the trenches, gain victory through grittiness. Suzy ducks, reacting with otherworldly quickness. The knife plants itself behind her in the hallway wall.

---

The only source of light, the guest bedroom, draws your attention. Your grandfather’s voice and sounds of struggle cause you to hurry, not stopping at Father Mark’s body to check on him. You already know there’s nothing you can do for him. Maybe you can still do something for your grandfather.

A whirl of air, and a knife plants itself in the hallway wall not ten feet from where you’re standing.

Heavy footsteps echo the cottage, the charge of your grandfather. You imitate, abandoning the slow, steady, silent approach. Axe in hand, you break into a run, the sound of your footsteps and elevated breath cutting through all other noise. It only takes a few steps to break into the guest bedroom. Light bursts into your eyes, bringing spots with each blink at the sudden change from the dark.

Your grandfather’s woodcutter’s axe lies on the floor next to him, the girl from earlier, the one you saw with Father Mark, crouches over your grandfather’s body wearing nothing but an apron, her bare backside exposed to you. This time, you do not freeze. Axe raised overhead, you charge, you rush to do what your grandfather failed to do.

Pain.

Before you can react, the girl picks your grandfather’s axe from the floor, swiping it backwards. It’s head buries itself in your chest, sending you sprawling next to your grandfather’s body, stiff, the feeling of your limbs starting to subside like slowly dipping your arm in freezing cold water, starting with your fingers, then moving upward. The girl rises to peer at you, visibly confused at your entrance, like her father just explained the Tooth Fairy’s secret. She bends down over your body, hands on her hips examining you, the loose apron at her neck falling just low enough to expose a pair of nipples on the verge of becoming womanlike.

Movement suddenly explodes from your grandfather’s body, his hand finding the hand axe brought by you. All it takes is one. An uppercut swing, one strengthened by years of work, decades spent chopping, sends Suzy’s head flying across the room. Her head hits the wall, like a loose projectile in a pillow fight. Her body transitions back to its wrinkled, aged state, still in nothing but the apron.

You struggle to breathe. Each breath feels like it’s pressing the axe further into your chest. Your limbs begin to shake, although you have not the control to stop them.

“You were...supposed to leave,” your grandfather manages to say, collapsing back to the floor.
“I...I..” Words don’t appear. Your mind is a flood of memories, the wave too much to organize a coherent sentence. Warmth suddenly grips your hand. The coldness rushing over your body stops as you focus on the source of heat. Your grandfather’s hand grips yours. It’s calloused, rough, comforting. He squeezes gently, reassuring you that everything will be alright. At this moment, it is, the love of your grandfather displayed in one tiny squeeze of the hand. His grip softens, becoming limp, losing strength. Soon after, your strength fades as well.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The doorway invites you in, promising hope of escape. You’re slightly comforted by the fact either choice will likely have the same outcome. Who’s to say the guest room is safe? It’s obviously not. Your grandfather is still out there, and you figure he’s your best chance at survival. As you’re approaching the doorway, your father stops you.

“Son, where do you think you’re going?” he speaks, a question one you’ve heard before, usually when going to meet your friends or hang out with the neighbor girl, Sydney. The tone, the one from a place of authority is gone. Instead, a strained curiosity cuts through, which allows you to address him as equals. The situation calls for it.

“Grandpa is still out there,” you say. As you begin to explain yourself further, not that you need to, Father Mark interjects.

“The kid’s right. The old man and I’ve been through a lot, and we’re better off saving Susan together. Stay put. The kid and I will be back, you have my word.”

Father Mark takes point, and you follow closely behind. You exit from the light into the dark, allowing Father Mark’s faith to act as courage for you both. The shed is down the hallway, out the back door, and across the overgrown yard. Mentally, you estimate the steps to arrive. It can’t be more than two or three hundred. No that far, especially--

--a young girl stands in front of the back door, dressed in a cute blue dress along with white stockings running up her legs. Her blonde hair is curled at the tips in an old-fashioned way, in the manner you’d expect from someone decades ago. She stands, unmoving, holding a stuffed animal. In this case, a rabbit.

“Do you want to fuck me, Father?” she innocently asks, giving the stuffed rabbit a little swing ending with a tight squeeze. “Do you want to tie me up and rip off my clothes and feel my tight pussy? That’s what all you men want, huh?”

“What? No, I--” Father Mark is taken aback by the girl’s questions.

“My daddy likes it. I bet you’ll like it too. Your friend standing behind you can have me next. Here, how’s this?” The girl’s hair suddenly appears in two pigtails. “There, that’s better. ‘Suzy, show your daddy how much you love him.’ I let him run his hand up my leg, finding my cotton panties. They’re soft, want to feel? They’ll make you stiff. They made daddy stiff. He showed me, shoved it in me, sprayed it on me. Daddy likes it. You’ll like it too.”

On her last word, the girl leaps forward, brought upon by a power, allowing her to travel the 15 foot gap like she’s playing hopscotch. Mid-air, dark bags flash underneath her eyes, her face twisting back into an elderly state, while still keeping the girl’s body. You duck to the side. Father Mark isn’t as quick.
> You help Father Mark
Your grandmother, Suzy, the thing lands on top of Father Mark, raking his chest with claw-like hands. The Father utters a yell of surprise, which is quickly drowned out by the ravenous scratching at his chest. She crouches over his body, fingers scraping at his torso like a bear scooping a fish from a stream.

You break into a full sprint, fully intending to tackle the thing from Father Mark. Red pools begin to form on the floor beneath him, but he’s definitely still alive. As you draw near, Suzy turns, her face curling into a smirk. She lets you tackle her. Your shoulder blasts into Suzy, blasting her from Father Mark’s body.

You land on top of Suzy, her small frame fitting perfectly under yours. With a child-like grin, her eyes meet yours for a second, briefly exposing innocence. Quickly, they change, brewing, emanating something sinister. The grin returns to a smirk, like she knows a secret that you don’t. Suddenly, her mouth bites at your exposed neck, tearing into your flesh.

Like a vice, her jaws clamp down, holding firm despite your attempts to shake her off. Satisfied at the damage, she releases the bite, allowing spurts of blood to geyser from your neck. She flashes you a toothy, red smile, your blood dripping from her lips and cheeks like a child with a milk moustache.

Coldness sweeps over your body, your mind becoming faint from blood loss. You lie unmoving near Father Mark, listening to Suzy returning to claw open his chest. You hope you die completely before she turns back to you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Rise and shine, Bro!”

A pillow smacks you in the face, thrown from the other twin bed. Emma sits on top, hair tangled in a loose bun, readying another missile. Luckily, ammo is plentiful, and you fire back a few shots of your own. A wave of bacon hits you, and voices from the kitchen area temporarily distract you from your current battle. Your stomach growls in response to the image of crispy strips of bacon, lined neatly in rows like soldiers standing at attention, their spaced shared with yellow clouds of fluffy scrambled eggs. Instead, you eat another pillow to the face.

Someone knocks at the door, and before you can say “Come in!” the door swings open. Typical parent move. Your father stands in the doorway wearing pajama bottoms and a white tee, brown-rimmed glasses resting lazily on his nose, hair tangled, though to a lesser degree than Emma’s.

“I hope you’re not making a mess in here,” he scolds, then breaking the act he adds, “because you forgot to invite me!” He solidifies the point by chucking a pillow at the two of you. Emma ducks out of the way, and it hits you in the chest. Direct hit from downtown! The ol’ man’s still got it!

After breakfast, you’re volunteered to accompany your mother to the grocery store. Since the default activity visiting grandparents is to eat, the stock runs down quickly. It’s up to you and Mom to replenish the pantry for the sacred activity. To be honest, it’s nice to get out of the house, even if it’s technically for “running errands,” the other main skillset of your mother besides sticking her nose, and getting it stuck apparently, in a novel. Is that mean? Eh, it’s true. Emma and Dad stay put, getting the short end of the stick in your opinion.

It takes almost thirty minutes to reach the grocery store, which is really more of a gas station that also happens to sell food. As your mom checks each aisle to see what she’s dealing with, verifying she can stay somewhat close to her militarily-conscripted shopping list, you pass the time looking at the 25 cent candy machines and free realtor brochures outside. Desperate times, desperate times -- the internet on your phone is spotty at best.

“Yer not from around here.”

You turn to find the gas station attendee, a thin man dressed in a dirty blue polo displaying the station’s logo. It’s one of those off-brand types, like Honey O’s instead of Cheerios. Instead the typical shell logo you’re used to seeing, this one is a conch. Close, but not close enough for Shell’s lawyers to do something about it.

“Nope. I’m visiting my grandparents,” you answer.

“Not staying too long, I hope,” is his answer. Strange to say in the least. Usually, people spout some stereotypical bullshit like There’s no time like family time! or Teamwork makes the dream work! Ok, that second one is a stretch.
> You find your mother
This dude is creepy, and he’s giving you the heebie-jeebies. You know what happens to kids that talk to people who put the strange in strangers. They get their picture posted on the news next to a psycho with a giant MISSING banner.

“I’ve got to help my mom. See you later,” you politely say, hoping you never actually see him later. The man grunts, shrugs, and pulls a container of chewing tobacco from his back pocket, forgetting about you almost instantaneously.

Inside, you find Mom searching high and low for some good ranch dressing. This might be the only store in America that doesn’t host Hidden Valley proudly, like a trophy displayed in a glass case. She has to settle for an off-brand called “Secret Mountain.” The secret might be in the questionable ingredients.

Not making eye contact with you and still scanning the shelves, she speaks. “I’m glad you came with me. I know your grandparents house isn’t the most entertaining place, but I know it means a lot to your father.”

Not bringing up the point that you didn’t have a choice in the matter, you reply. “It’s not so bad. There’s a box of old VHS tapes in our room.”

“That’s great, Sweetie,” your mom answers. “Between you and me, this might be one of the last times you’ll get to see Grandpa and Grandma.”

Having lost your grandparents on your mother’s side, the statement doesn’t surprise you. Still, it’s not the most cheerful of subjects. “They don’t seem that old. Well, they’re old, just not old enough to...you know.”

Your mother answers. “They’re spry, all right. The thing is, though, the body starts to shut down at their age.” She pulls a jar from the aisle, eyeing it, reading the ingredients, then places it back.

“Their generation had some nasty habits with diet and they smoked like a good salmon filet. And don’t even get me started on their drinking habits -- different times, I guess. All that’s to say, Grandma and Grandpa weren’t very kind to their bodies, by no fault of their own. I’ve seen it before with my own parents. Between you and I, I’ve seen the toll it’s playing on Grandma. You might not see it because, like I said: they’re spry, but I’ve caught glimpses of an underlying condition. You probably think I don’t pay attention when I’m reading, but a mother--”

“--has eyes in the back of her head,” you complete the statement, trying your hardest not to roll your own pair, resting in its normal place.

“That’s right,” Mom beams. Losing the smile, she continues. “She’s hardly sleeping; I can tell. Beneath her makeup are two large backs resting under her eyes. I can tell when a woman’s stressed and doing her best to pretend everything is okie-dokie. Grandma’s perpetually exhausted, and I hope your father will help her relax. I hope we all will.”

“Me too, Mom,” you answer, not really sure how to react to your mother telling you your only grandparents will probably die soon.

“All we can do is be there for them. Same goes for your father. Now help me with these groceries, and let’s get back to the gang.”

Ignoring the word choice of “gang,” you do as she says.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The guest room is everything you expect from a spare room in your grandparents' house. Two twin beds take up most of the floor space, covered seemingly head to toe in stiff pillows, dressed in outdated pillow cases and covers. And yes, there's a homemade quilt on each bed. A fat TV sits in the corner. It's one of those that weigh about 300 lbs, despite its 24 inch screen, and has a VCR player built into it. Next to it, in a wicker basket, are old VHS tapes that are probably worth less than the plastic they're made of. Man, having no WiFi sucks. Sharing a room with your sister is a close second.

Emma ignores you, intensely continuing her binge of New Girl as you throw several pillows to the ground making room for you on the bed. You shut off the lamp, bathing the room in darkness, save for the glow of the iPad. By the angle Emma watches the screen, she looks like she belongs in one of those old horror flicks. You know, the ones where someone tells a creepy story around the campfire, shining a flashlight underneath their chin for effect. Worst horror story ever. Who's that killer? Who's thaaat killer? It's Jess!

---

Total darkness. You awaken in the middle of the night; the light from the iPad is off, signaling Emma's asleep. Soft breathing next to you solidifies that fact. The red glow of an alarm clock tells you it's 3:09. You roll over, attempting to get comfortable kicking another pillow to the ground in the process. As you settle in, a subtle wave of air passes over your neck, like a sigh, silent in the night. Instantly, alertness rushes over your body, but still, you remain unmoving.

Besides Emma's breathing, it's quiet in the room. Like a predator stalking the jungle, your body is aware of every detail in the room, ready to burst into motion, senses at a heightened level elevated by an unexplainable knowledge of present danger.

Errrrch!

The scratching sound from earlier rings into the blackness. You sit up, quickly, and turn to the other twin bed. "Emma," you whisper. Her breathing pattern remains the same, and she's unresponsive to your hushed tone. Footsteps rush past the bedroom door, swiftly and gracefully, approaching and subsiding like a car whizzing by. The footsteps are light and catlike, far from the heavy stomping you're accustomed to hearing from your parents.

You pause for a moment, unaware you've turned one ear towards the door as if it'll help you hear better. The night shifts back to silence, void of sound and signs of life.
> You investigate
You slide out of bed, stepping on several of the pillows thrown to the ground. Your phone is charging on a nearby nightstand, and you instinctively pick it up. The phone light turns on for a brief second, brought to life by movement, and a picture of Slipknot's album cover, Iowa, appears, two nails sticking from a wooden fence, propping a goat upright by its horns. Using the screen for light (the camera flash would be too bright), you exit the guest room to find the source of the sound.

The hallway is dark. On one end, opposite of your parents' room, the soft glow of a night light shines from a socket low to the floor. You creep towards the light, for one, you'd rather walk where you can see, and two, the footsteps sounded like they were running this way. You walk on the balls of your feet, crouched down slightly as to limit the sound of your steps. Part of you thinks if the earlier footsteps didn't wake anyone else up, then they definitely won't be woken by your normal steps. Still, you don't want to announce exactly where you are.

As you approach the tiny night light, you see the light is shining from a rushing wave of water, The Little Mermaid behind it holding a bright smile above her seashell bra. Next to The Little Mermaid, her fish friend (you don't remember the name) jumps through the water, smiling back at Ariel, eyes locked with one another. Still crouched, you slow your breathing and strain your ears to see if the earlier sounds appear.

Nothing.

Quiet as before, you slink back towards the guest room, taking one last glance down the hallway before slipping back into the bedroom. Simultaneously, as you shut the bedroom door, The Little Mermaid night light blinks dark as if someone or something temporarily blocks the light in passing, then it resumes its shine, unassuming, as if nothing ever happened.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab an ice chest from the trunk of the RAV 4 and head towards the front door, which has been conveniently closed by your sister, even though she’s probably well aware you needed it ajar. You set down the chest and reach for the knob. Before your hand touches the metallic knob, the door swings open and you find yourself staring face to face with wrinkled skin and that smell which accompanies anyone over the age of 65. Your grandma, dressed in a gown that would be considered outdated decades ago, reaches over the chest to wrap you in a loose hug.

Awkwardly, you return the favor, having to lean over the parked ice chest and sending your hips back for a counterweight. Warm skin presses against the side of your cheek, closely followed by a wet kiss. Respectfully, you don’t wipe it just yet. It sits there on your cheek like a domesticating brand, one that allures to desmaculation and neuterization. Behind Grandma, Emma gives you a devilish grin, well-aware of the fact you’re not a fan of sloppy wet kisses from old people.

“Hi Grandma. Good to see you,” you say, respectfully.

“Good to see you too, dear. Oh leave that for your father,” she says looking at the ice chest. “He’s looking a bit thin. You already have a lot of muscle built up,” she adds, touching your arm. It’s not hard to see which side of the family she’s from.

You follow her inside to the kitchen and plop yourself down at the dinner table. Aged wallpaper surrounds outdated appliances and furniture like a picture-perfect antique store. Small designs of green and red stripes line the base of the wallpaper. God knows why the designer did that.

“Honey, why don’t you greet your grandpa? Grandma says he’s out back,” your mom says from the head of the table, face still buried in Nicholas Sparks Land.
> No
“No thanks. I’ll stick around here...in case Grandma needs help with anything,” you answer, almost leaving off that last bit. Your answer seems to satisfy Mother, although she’s a bit occupied and likely only made the suggestion to seem useful. Across a narrow archway leading into the shag carpeted living room (red carpet, no less) Emma shouts for you.

“Hey! Come look at this, Bro!”

Surprised at the outburst, and courtesy, you slide out from the dining chair. It squeals on the linoleum floor, mirroring the music you were listening to earlier. So that’s all it takes to be a rockstar, huh? Who woulda known! Your sister is sitting in a table top position, hands and knees, head poking into a bookcase.

As you draw closer, you see she’s flipping through a photo album. Clear plastic sheeting lines the pages, allowing the photos themselves, polaroids, to be untouched by grimy children’s fingers. Her finger draws to one image in particular. It’s a black and white photo of a younger version of Grandpa. He’s standing next to a wide-looking tree stump, leaning a woodcutter’s axe against his shoulder nonchalantly. Normal enough, except for his face. Brow furrowed, his gaze seems to be staring through the photo. At you. Corner of his lips slightly curled upward as if he knows something you don’t. Beneath his brow, his eyes glow white, a result of improper lighting. The longer you stare, the brighter they seem to glow.

“Grandpa was buff, huh? Too bad you didn’t inherit that,” Emma exclaims.

“What’s with everyone talking about my muscles today,” you speak, more to yourself.

After flipping through more of the pages, pleasantly bored, you hear your mother call from within the kitchen, no doubt still staring at her novel. “Go find Grandpa, it’s almost supper time! Emma help me set the table!”

After giving Emma a shrug, you place the photo album back and head outside looking for Grandpa.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Damn. You couldn’t get out of visiting your grandparent’s house. You’re not a fan, to say the least, of visiting the old cottage filled with just-as-old people. Ok, that’s mean. Deep down, you love your grandma and grandpa, but seeing them is never like in the movies. Grandma doesn’t bake cookies all day and slip you 20 dollar bills while your parents aren’t looking. Grandpa doesn’t sit in a recliner, playing a game of am I asleep or dead?! No, it’s never like that.

The old cottage is far off from any neighbors, deep in the jungle-like Appalachian rainforest. The northbound highway cuts into a smaller state road, single lane, that leads into the heart of the forest. It’s a sudden shift, entering into the forest. Clear, open air is replaced with a constant layer of gray mist, hanging heavy, not unlike bathroom air after a steamy shower. A single lane invites you in, coaxingly, comfortingly. A single road leads out.

You sit in the backseat of your parent’s RAV 4, headphones in, doing your best to ignore the unfortunate circumstance you found yourself in. To your left, behind the driver’s seat, sits Emma, your little sister. Ha! She couldn’t get out of it either. Being the favorite doesn’t come with unlimited power, although at times it seems that way.

She’s tuned into an intense episode of New Girl on her iPad, eyes glued on the screen, child-like demeanor becoming more “teen” by the day, another word for rebellious. Your parents “love you both equally,” yet somehow that statement doesn’t seem to be true. Give it a couple of years, and see how much they favor their baby girl when she's a full-blown teen. You imagine you’ll come across as goddamn presidential when that happens. You know, like the stories of past US presidents as kids; they’re always so well-behaved, so perfect, little rule-followers unmarked by scandalous behavior.
> You talk with your family
You pop a headphone from one ear and ask, “Are we almost there yet?”

Your father, eyeing you through the rear view mirror, speaks from behind brown-rimmed spectacles. “Not yet. Give it another hour or so. It’s only been twenty minutes since the last time you asked.” As he talks, his blue eyes blink, bobbing up and down with head movement. Your mother, in the passenger seat, keeps her head buried in a Nicholas Sparks novel. You sigh and glance out the window. All you see are streaks of green floating atop sturdy brown.

You rest your head on the cold glass window, propping the side of your chin where the door juts out at the base of the glass. Light rain starts to drip down from the sky, sending little streaks of water racing one another across the window’s width. You start to make tiny bets on the droplets. Off to the races! Sir Wets-a-Lot takes off in a burst of speed, taking the lead from Rainer Joe! Here we are, folks. Down to the wire. It’s a close, neck and neck, race. And -- Rainer Joe overtakes Sir Wets-a-Lot to take the victory!

Numbly, you force the headphone back in your ear and crank the volume. So much for small talk, although many conversations don’t go unlike the one you just had with your parents. Electric guitar soon draws you into a squealing, heavy-metal trance as you let your mind wander for the remainder of the journey.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>
> You start
In this game, you play as Nicole;  a short, petite structured, 19 year old girl; who is a quiet/shy sort of person. She is smart, pretty, loyal, and well loved by all of her friends. She is also the backbone that holds the friendship between the group together, as everyone within the group has varying personalities that sometimes tend to clash. She brought them all together with her accepting and overall friendly personality. The group became even closer after Nicole lost her boyfriend, Cody, the year before this story takes place. They have all tried and failed to bring Nicole out of the depression brought on by his death. During gameplay, Nicole makes different choices that lead to many endings for the story. This story is depicted almost entirely from Nicole's perspective, with a few glances at some of the events that happen to her friends throughout the story. I also added an optional page that you can read to learn about each of your friends, if you want to know who each of them are. You can meet them by clicking the link on the next page, but as I said this is completely up to you.


This story has MANY possible endings. There are some endings that can end the story before it ever really begins, some random death endings but not often and not every page, there are good endings where you escape, and there are bad endings where you are killed. There is only one "best" ending, but it is very hard to find and not one many people would choose. This ending is just my own little twist on the story that I think will make it unique and memorable. Tip: there are a couple "true" endings that have an epilogue, but you will know you got the best ending if the final scene shows where your character is "one year later..." Even after you finish playing and rate the game, feel free to come back and explore the many different endings. Also, if your game ends soon after you begin, please restart and try to get further into the game before you rate it. Thanks! I hope you enjoy playing my game. :P
> You begin
Your friends are gathered at your house one day, about a week after graduation, just hanging out. Everyone begins discussing their various plans for the immediate future. Davis plans to try his luck in the big city, hoping to become an actor or male model. Although he tends to be negative and can even come across as harsh at times, you don't doubt that he could in fact become famous as he is rather good looking. Your best friend, Sarah, who is dating Davis, plans to attend community college in the next town. She wants to stay close to home and has no other aspirations in life than to begin her own family in the town she grew up in. She recently confided in you that she believes she is pregnant, but that she doesn't know yet for sure.


You share with everyone your own plan to also attend the community college, but that you are planning to take night courses instead, so that you can keep your current job at the local grocery store. Although several of your friends try to persuade you otherwise, you remain firm with your decision. You don't feel like sharing with everyone in the room the real reason for your decision, not wanting to sour everyone's good mood. The real reason you are staying so close to home, rather than attending the state college you had originally planned to attend, is due to your father's recent diagnosis of cancer. Although the cancer is still in its beginning stages, your father is the only family you have; you do not want to leave him living alone as he undergoes treatment for the cancer.


As Michelle launches into another spiel as to why you should try to get into a Bachelor's degree program rather than attend night classes, Steven tries to get her to leave it be. Michelle is the smartest among your friends and tends to be bossy. She is planning on attending one of your state's most accredited schools. Her boyfriend, Steven, is exactly the opposite. While he isn't very bright, he is very laid back and tries to be the peace maker whenever Michelle becomes too aggressive or bossy.


Mark suddenly sits up from where he is reclining on your sofa, and asks the group at large, "Why don't we have one last adventure together before we all go our separate ways?" You glance up from your conversation with Michelle, mostly to see if Mark is being serious or not. Mark is the stoner of the group and known for blurting out random comments, just to get a reaction.


"Because you're not, technically, a part of our group.... You're only even here because you're boning Heidi. You aren't even our age, loser..." Davis bluntly points out, in typical Davis fashion. Mark is Heidi's boyfriend and much older than everyone else, having graduated two years before. Davis is oblivious of anyone else's feelings except his own and tends to be an ass, in your opinion.


"And because some of us have packing to do and real jobs waiting for us," Michelle tacks on, in a superior tone of voice she sometimes uses that you can't stand.
> You continue the Story
"I'm being serious this time, swear. We can go camping or something. It will be fun. Do you really just want to leave and go to college and not have one last fun time together with your friends? Think about it, please. Let's do something. Just for a week. What do you all think?"


"Sounds like the best thing you have ever suggested, Mark," Sarah blurts out. "I was going to suggest something like that myself..."


"Sounds awesome to me," Amanda tacks on. Amanda is the youngest of your friends, and her response surprises you. She and Robbie had just broken up a few days before, and she had seemed to be depressed in the days since. Maybe she wanted to go as a final chance to get back with Robbie. Who knows?


Heidi, Mark's girlfriend, agrees that the trip sounds fun. She and Mark have been dating several months, and Mark has begun hanging out with your group of friends more and more ever since.


After much debate, everyone finally decides to go on the trip. "Alright, Smartie Pants, where exactly are we going?" Michelle questions. "It was your idea, so what do you propose?" she continues in a snide little voice, obviously upset everyone is agreeing with Mark's plan.


"I have the perfect idea. We can go camping for a week at my dad's old hunting cabin. We used to stay there every summer before my parents got divorced. It will perfect. And it has three bedrooms, so there will be plenty of space for everyone. It's only about a three hour drive from here."


With the destination decided on, everyone makes plans to meet back at your house the next morning. Everyone slowly leaves, until only Sarah remains. Sarah thanks you for agreeing to go on the trip. She tells you that she is indeed pregnant and that she plans to share the news with Davis during the trip. You congratulate her, knowing that this is what she's always wanted, although you don't agree with starting a family so soon. You also fear that Davis' reaction won't be the one Sarah is hoping for.


When you are finally left alone in your house, you realize you have a decision to make. When should you pack for the trip?
> You pack Now
Wanting to hurry up and get the packing out of the way, you hurry upstairs to your room. You pack all of the essentials and even grab your toothbrush from the bathroom. Then, you zip your overnight bag and place it at the foot of your bed. That done, you go back downstairs and begin fixing a meal for you and your dad. Knowing you will be gone for a week, you even fix extras and put them in the fridge, after sealing them in Tupperware containers. You eat your dinner at the table and try to think of anything else that needs to done before you leave. You go ahead and clean the kitchen. You even fix your dad a plate of food and put it in the microwave, knowing he will find it when he gets off work in a few hours.


That done, you look around to make sure everything looks good. You realize you forgot to let your dad know where you are going, and scrawl him a quick note that you attach to the refrigerator door with a magnet. Confident that you are as ready as you possibly can be, you head upstairs again and dress for bed. You set your alarm and find an old horror flick on the television to watch. You watch the movie as your eyelids begin to droop. The last thing you remember is the woman in the film screaming as she is brutally stabbed to death in a hotel bathroom.
> The Next Morning
You wake up to your alarm clock''s insistent beeping. You reach over to shut it off and sit up in the bed, wiping sleep from your eyes. You feel like you haven't slept at all, like you only seconds before had fallen asleep. Hoping it will refreshen you, you decide to take a quick shower, while you wait for your friends to arrive. The shower does help some. You enter your bedroom after your shower and quickly towel off. You slip on your undies, a pair of blue jean shorts, and a cute black tank top, with a pink bunny figure being sarcastic on the front. You then slip into your sneakers, grab your bag, and head downstairs.


Entering the kitchen, you set your bag down and grab a cereal bar out of the cabinet. As you are finishing your quick breakfast, the doorbell rings. Standing on the doorstep when you open the door is Sarah, grinning broadly.


"You all set?" Sarah asks. "I'm about to explode; I'm sooo excited! You better be ready, Nicole, or I'm gonna strangle you," she giggles.


"Yes, I'm ready. Just let me grab my bag and lock up," you reply, feeling your own excitement beginning to build.


You hurry back inside, grab your bag out of the kitchen, grab your cell phone and keys from the foyer bar, and pull the door shut, locking it as you go. Everyone except Davis is standing between your truck and Mark's beat up van. A couple of your friends are loading their luggage into the back of your truck. You realize that apparently you are going be driving. Davis is impatiently leaning against his motorcycle, having a smoke and scowling at everyone, with his foot tapping a mile a minute. Finally, everyone has their luggage packed and quickly divide up between the vehicles.
> You start Trip
And so, your adventure begins. Mark leads the way in his van. Riding with him are Heidi, Michelle, Steven, and Robbie. You follow in your extended cab pickup. Riding with you are Amanda and Ben, who are in the back seat, and JR, who is sitting beside you in the passenger seat. You smile shyly at him, as you pull out of the driveway. Following your truck are Davis and Sarah on the motorcycle.


The hours pass slowly as you travel, only stopping once for gas. The three hour drive feels more like six, as you finally near your destination. Entering the small town of Moody, it seems abandoned at first sight. Shops that face the main street that you are driving down, all look abandoned and neglected almost completely deserted. Some even display hardwritten signs hung on the doors, exclaiming the businesses within are out of business. It has the feel of a ghost town, and the whole scene is starting to give you the creeps. You follow closely as Mark enters the parking lot for a gas station, and slowly pulls to a stop at the curb in front.


Mark climbs out of his van and hurries over to your vehicle. He leans into your window and says he is going inside to ask for directions. The camp site is apparently on the outskirts of town, and he doesn't recall exactly how to get there. The town of Moody has nine camp grounds to the north of town. Your destination is Site 59. You decide to follow Mark inside, and as you leave your vehicle, you ask JR to let Sarah and Davis know why you have stopped. You and Mark, meanwhile, head inside.
> The Gas Station
You enter the gas station behind Mark and follow him to the counter. Seeing no one anywhere in sight, Mark impatiently hits the bell on the counter to summon the attendant. He taps it several times in succession, as you finally hear footsteps approaching from the doorway at the back of the shop.


"I'm a'coming. Hold your gosh darn horses. I swear if this is another fricking prank, I'ma kick your rearend, Pete." The weathered old man finally steps into view and approaches his side of the counter. "Ah hell. My 'pologees folks. A youngen from town has been playing pranks on me all darn week. Can I help you's with anything?" The man is wearing blue coveralls covered with grease stains, and his hair stands up at all angles, like it hasn't seen a comb in ages. He has filmy, grayish eyes, a scraggly beard, and a pointed, sharp nose; but also a kind, shy smile. His hands shake a little, as he reaches for a rag and begins wiping the counter.


"Yes, we need directions to Site 59 please," Mark responds. At these words, the old man's eyes get big and his hands begin to tremble even harder than before. He swallows hard before answering, his eyes darting around nervously.


"Ya mean you aren't just passing through? Ya'll don't wanna stay in these here parts. You should try Miner's Hill instead. It's about an hour south of here..."


"I asked how to get to Site 59. We've already been driving for three hours. We are planning on staying at my dad's old cabin. He used to camp and hunt up here, before my parents divorced. I just don't remember how to get up there. Can you help us or not?" Mark asks impatiently.


"But you don't understand, " the old man insists. "The town here isn't safe. Not like it was when you visited last. Young people are disappearing left, right, and sideways. Just this year, eight youngens were taken. Most were about your age, I suppose. This town is cursed. People have moved off, afraid for their youngens. Please camp somewhere else. For your own safety." The old man's eyes fill with tears. "My grandson, Mikey. He's been missing a year and a half now..."


You and Mark exchange an uneasy glance. Finally, Mark explains to the man that you have a large group of friends with you. He tells the man he will warn everyone about the danger, and then everyone can decide as a group whether to stay or not. The old man urges you to leave the town once again as you are leaving, but Mark doesn't seem to be paying him any mind.


Finally, Mark cuts the man off. "Sir, if you would, could you possibly draw me a map? I know we can't stay right now, but one day I need to come visit my dad's cabin. I need to clean it up, so that it can be sold. My mom could really use the money."


Mark sounds so sincere, you almost believe him. But you know he is lying, just to get the directions. It makes you uncomfortable. On your way out of the store, Mark asks you not to tell anyone about the strange encounter just yet. He wants to at least look at the cabin before you tell everyone else about the old man's warning. Then everyone can decide what they want to do.
> You warn Everyone Now
You decide not to do as Mark instructed. Everyone needs to know the danger that could possibly lie ahead. After all, you are all fairly young and someone was obviously killing off teenagers in the area. If the old man is to believed, that is. Even though you sense he was being honest, he could also be mistaken. You tell everyone what just occurred inside. Mark and Sarah argue that he is just a paranoid old man trying to scare teenagers away. Probably doesn't want drugs, sex, or booze mucking up his precious town, they argue. Finally, you make a choice as no one else can seem to decide.
> You camp Elsewhere
No one wants to give up on the trip, so you finally manage to talk everyone into camping at a safer site.  You have a rather uneventful trip, aside from almost everyone getting a rash from exposure to poison ivy. Returning home itchy as hell, you look up the town of Moody on the web. A police investigation is ongoing, reads the top story, as investigators continue the search for 16 young adults who remain missing from the area...


Holy hell! That could have turned out very bad, if you had decided to stay. Guess you lucked out!


The end.... or is it??
> Next
Your score was: -5!!!
> You eND GAME
Congratulations! You got one of the few good endings!


Feel free to play again, anytime! There are 16 total endings. Try to find them all!


Thanks for playing! Scare ya later! XD
> You reset Game
<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide not to do as Mark instructed. Everyone needs to know the danger that could possibly lie ahead. After all, you are all fairly young and someone was obviously killing off teenagers in the area. If the old man is to believed, that is. Even though you sense he was being honest, he could also be mistaken. You tell everyone what just occurred inside. Mark and Sarah argue that he is just a paranoid old man trying to scare teenagers away. Probably doesn't want drugs, sex, or booze mucking up his precious town, they argue. Finally, you make a choice as no one else can seem to decide.
> You head Home
Disappointed with the trip, and wanting to forget Mark's plan entirely, you decide to head back home. You don't get very far, however, when your truck suddenly begins to overheat. Signaling to the other vehicles, you pull to the side of the road to try to figure out a solution to this new problem. You pop the hood and climb out of your truck to check the engine. You immediately discover the problem. Your truck is bone-dry. The oil is low, and the radiator is empty. Damn! With your Dad being sick and unable to upkeep your truck as he usually had before the cancer, it now seriously needs attention. You hadn't planned on driving it this far in the first place...
> Next
You let everyone know the problem as they all gather around. After much debate, half of the group decide to head into town to get water and oil to bring back. Sarah and Davis follow on the motorcycle as everyone in the van heads to town. JR, Amanda, and Ben stay behind with you, to wait for the others to return. You roll down all the windows in your truck and sit behind the wheel, bored as hell and mad you didn't check your fliuds before starting the trip. You apologize to the friends who are stuck waiting with you. Ben complains of the heat, and Amanda announces her anger that you've landed them in this predicament, but JR accepts your apology.


"It's alright, Nicole. You didn't even know you would be driving on this trip originally, so how could you have know to check the fliuds anyway?" he reasons. You smile appreciatively at him. He grabs your hand, and you look down at your joined hands uncomfortably before looking away.
> Next
The heat starts to become almost unbearable, as the time crawls by at almost a snail's pace. At least Amanda has finally stopped complaining, and she is now too busy trying to swallow Ben's tongue to say anything else. She and Ben have been busy making out for the last fifteen minutes or so. Your palm has begun to sweat, held tightly in JR's grip. He has tried to kiss you a couple of times, but you continue pushing him away. You are unsure if you are ready for that yet. It is hard to even think about kissing someone with your feelings still lingering for your lost love.


JR finally drops your hand and climbs out of the truck. You do the same. You notice JR walk around the vehicle and lower your tailgate. He sits down. You walk back and sit beside him. You sit in silence for a few minutes until JR finally speaks up.


"I really don't get you, Nicole. I know you like me, but you seem uncomfortable just holding my hand and won't let me kiss you at all. What's the deal?"


"I'm sorry," you say, trying to sort out your feelings. "I do like you, JR. A lot. It's just hard to let go of my feelings for Cody and allow myself to move on. I mean, he only died last year."


"Is that all? Hell, I was starting to think I was wrong, and you didn't like me or something. Or maybe you even thought I was a bad kisser." He chuckles and smiles down at you.


"That's just silly," you reply, smiling shyly up at him. "You're a great kisser, by the way," you add quietly, looking away.


He grabs your chin, forcing you to meet his eyes. "Don't be afraid, Nicole. It's time for you to move on with your life. You can't hide from love forever. It's been a year since he died...


"I know, but it's still hard," you whisper. You lean your head against JR's forehead and sigh, inhaling his male scent. He lightly kisses your forehead. You take a deep breath and look back up at him, slowly bringing your lips against his. You kiss his mouth lightly. You then try to pull away, but JR grabs the back of your head and deepens the kiss. You allow yourself to stop holding back and just enjoy the moment for once.
> You meanwhile
While you and JR are sitting on your tailgate, your other friends are just getting back onto the main road, headed toward town. Sarah and Davis are a few miles behind the van, not wanting to drive so close behind it in case any loose gravel flies back at the motorcycle. They are rounding a narrow curve when another vehicle suddenly appears out of nowhere. The two vehicles collide, throwing Sarah into the ditch. Davis somehow remains on the bike as the other car runs completely over both the bike and Davis, finally coming to a stop near the edge of road just past the curve. The half-blind old woman behind the wheel of the car, looks into her rearview mirror and almost faints at the sight of the poor young man still clutching the handle of his motorcycle.


The woman then climbs out of her car, looking for the young woman who had been also been riding the bike. She spots the young lady, lying in the ditch. The poor girl's neck was clearly broken. The woman returns to her car, searching for her cell phone in order to call for help.
> You continue
You and JR are still kissing passionately when you suddenly hear a car approaching from town. JR hops down from the tailgate and helps you down. The two of you head towards the front of the truck. Just as you reach the front bumper, another car appears and comes to a stop a few feet in front of you. A young man of about twenty-five steps out of the vehicle and walks toward you.


"You folks need any help?" the young man asks, eyeing you and JR curiously.


"We're fine, sir," JR replies. "Just waiting for our friends to return. Had a little engine trouble," he continues, gesturing towards the truck.


"Just thought I would stop and offer assistance," the young man says.


"We appreciate your offer, sir," you reply, smiling gratefully. The man looks at you intentedly for a few seconds. Just then, Ben and Amanda climb out of the truck. The man eyes Amanda before glancing disinterestedly at Ben. He makes you uncomfortable for some odd reason.
> Next
"What's going on?" Ben asks, as he Amanda reach the back of the truck. The young man suddenly draws a pistol from behind his back and shoots Ben straight between the eyes before you even have a chance to react. You hear Amanda scream as you stare at Ben's body, watching as it crumples slowly to the ground. You hear another gunshot and look around wildly, still in shock. JR clutches his midsection, covered in blood, as another gunshot rings out. You watch as another bullet hole appears on his chest. He falls backward and hits the ground. You look back at the gunman, wondering if your life is about to end as well?


"Don't even think about running or I swear I will shoot you dead," the gunman states flatly, with no emotion in his voice. He steps forward and tells Amanda to turn around. She complies, and the man cruelly pulls her arms behind her back before tying her hands together with a cord he takes from a pocket of his jeans. He commands you to turn around as well. You look around wildly for some way to escape before finally giving in and turning around. Your arms are forced behind you, and you feel your hands being bound as well. The cord bites cruelly into the skin of your wrists as you are lead towards the man's car.


You and Amanda are then forced into the back seat of his car. It's very awkward to sit with your hands tied as they are behind you. You finally manage to sit at an angle with your arms out to the side. Amanda sits on the other side of you as the man shuts the door. You watch as he drags Ben's body into the treeline at the edge of the road. He does the same with JR's body. Apparently the man doesn't really care if their bodies are found or not, as he doesn't make much of an effort to hide them. He shuts the doors of your truck and returns to the car. Amanda asks what he plans to do with you. He tells her to shut up and says that if you value your life at all, neither of you will say another word. You sit quietly for the remainder of the ride, wondering what fate awaits you...
> The Shack
You ride silently in the car for a few miles and watch as the man turns onto the road that leads toward Site 59. He stops the car in the driveway of a shack. He disappears inside the shack for a few minutes before returning to the car. He tells you to get out but instructs Amanda to wait inside the car. Terror consumes you as you panic, fearing the worst. The man leads you into the shack. Inside is an empty room, with several doors leading off of it. You are lead towards one of the doors. Inside is a stairwell leading into darkness. The man flips a lightswitch beside you and leads you down. At the bottom of the stairs is a dimly lit hallway with many doors to the left and right. You are lead into the second doorway. Inside the room, the man switches on the overhead light. You see a bed in the center of the room and begin to whimper.


The man tells you to quiet down and leads you past the bed to one corner of the room. There is a chair in this corner. You are forced into the chair. The man handcuffs you to the chair before leaving the room. You try to pull yourself loose but find yourself unable to escape your bonds. You survey your surroundings. Aside from the chair that you are sitting on, there is the bed a few feet away in the center of the room. Aimed at the bed, you notice a camera on a tri-pod. Beside the bed is a small nightstand. Atop the nightstand, you notice many sharp knives and other scary looking items. You begin to really struggle against your bonds as Amanda and the man enter the room.


He points a gun at you and demands you be still as he leads Amanda to the bed. Amanda begins struggling as she sees the items on the nightstand. The man slaps her and forces her to sit on the mattress. He unbinds her hands and forces her to lie back onto the bed. She begins to try to fight him, but he draws back his arm and punches her square in the face. She immediately stops fighting and grabs her face, now streaked with blood. The man pulls her legs apart and handcuffs each leg to one corner of the bed. He then grabs one of her arms and handcuffs it to the headboard, before grabbing her other arm and handcuffing it, as well.


He walks past you with a huge grin on his face. He heads for the camera and turns it on. "Well, ladies, let's begin. Shall we?" he announces. He grabs a roll of duct tape off the night stand and walks towards you. He quickly tapes your mouth shut. You watch as he crosses the room, returning to the night table.
> Next
"What's your name?" he asks Amanda. She refuses to answer. He raises his arm above her head, as if to strike her again. "I asked your name," he demands. "Or would you rather me hit you again?"


"Amanda," she finally admits, whimpering.


"Well, Amanda. You are about to suffer. Just so ya know," he says, flatly. He grabs a pair of scissors off of the table and begins cutting off her jeans. She begins crying, begging him to stop. He doesn't respond, just keeps cutting. After her pants are removed, he cuts off her shirt as well.


"Please, don't," Amanda begs as her removes her bra. He ignores her plea and cuts away her final garment of clothing, a pair of bright pink panties. "Why are you doing this?" Amanda asks.


"To make a film that will make you and me famous," the man answers. "Of course, you won't live through this to enjoy the fame, though." Amanda begins crying, begging him not to kill her. You watch in horror as he picks up a whip and begins lashing Amanda with it. Amanda screams as the whip cuts into her bare skin. Lashes appear across her stomach, legs, and breasts. He continues whipping her for a few minutes until her screams have begun to sound hoarse.


"I'm sorry about this next part, Amanda," he says, reaching for a knife. "This will be very painful for you." Amandas tries to back away as he moves the knife towards her. She screams as the knife is thrust into her stomach. You watch as she is stabbed repeatedly, brutally. This goes on for about ten minutes, until Amanda has stopped screaming. The man checks her pulse and curses. "Damn it all! That was too soon! I thought it would last longer than that." He walks over and shuts the camera off, before walking over to you.


"I will make sure you last longer, I promise," he says, turning your face towards him as you try to turn away. He removes the handcuffs and forces you to stand. You are lead from the room and down the hall. He leads you into another, similar room. He throws you down onto the bed. "Don't worry, I'll be back soon," he promises, pulling the door closed. You hear the door latch as he locks it from the outside.


You look around the room and try to decide what you should do.
> You accept your Fate?
You decide that there's no point in trying to escape. He would probably catch you anyways and make your death that much more painful because of it. You wait in silence for the man to return, crying and begging for God to spare you somehow. Your prayers go unanswered, as the man eventually returns. He handcuffs you to the bed, just as he did with Amanda. He then leaves and returns with the camera and tripod. He sets up the camera across from the bed and turns it on.


Walking back across the room, he picks up some scissors and removes all your clothes, same as he did before with Amanda. As he removes the last of your clothing, he reaches up and peels the tape from your mouth. He asks what your name is. Not caring what he does to you, realizing he will kill you either way, you spit in his face. This apparently excites him.


"Yes! You have more fight than your friend." He wipes your spittle from his face and looks at the night stand, debating which weapon to use on you first.


"Fuck you, asswipe," you scream, to get his attention back on you and not the table of death. He raises his hand and lowers it to strike you, before suddenly stopping.


"Damn, I didn't realize before how beautiful you are," he says, before reaching out and fondling one of your breasts. You try to pull away to no avail.


"Get your fucking hand off of me," you demand. He suddenly pinches your nipple hard, causing you to cry out.


"Watch your fucking mouth before I cut your tongue, ya hear?" He lets go of your nipple and reaches for a condom you didn't notice before lying on the night stand. "I think I want to have fun with you first," the man says as he stands up beside the bed and begins to strip. After he is naked, he mounts you. You look at the size of his manhood and nearly faint. You do faint eventually as he repeatedly rapes you for the next few hours.


You are kept chained to the bed for several days before the man finally finishes playing with you and ends your life....
> The End
Your score was: 25!!!
> You eND GAME
Oh no! You got a bad ending!


You should play again and try for a better ending!


Thanks for playing! XD<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"What's your name?" he asks Amanda. She refuses to answer. He raises his arm above her head, as if to strike her again. "I asked your name," he demands. "Or would you rather me hit you again?"


"Amanda," she finally admits, whimpering.


"Well, Amanda. You are about to suffer. Just so ya know," he says, flatly. He grabs a pair of scissors off of the table and begins cutting off her jeans. She begins crying, begging him to stop. He doesn't respond, just keeps cutting. After her pants are removed, he cuts off her shirt as well.


"Please, don't," Amanda begs as her removes her bra. He ignores her plea and cuts away her final garment of clothing, a pair of bright pink panties. "Why are you doing this?" Amanda asks.


"To make a film that will make you and me famous," the man answers. "Of course, you won't live through this to enjoy the fame, though." Amanda begins crying, begging him not to kill her. You watch in horror as he picks up a whip and begins lashing Amanda with it. Amanda screams as the whip cuts into her bare skin. Lashes appear across her stomach, legs, and breasts. He continues whipping her for a few minutes until her screams have begun to sound hoarse.


"I'm sorry about this next part, Amanda," he says, reaching for a knife. "This will be very painful for you." Amandas tries to back away as he moves the knife towards her. She screams as the knife is thrust into her stomach. You watch as she is stabbed repeatedly, brutally. This goes on for about ten minutes, until Amanda has stopped screaming. The man checks her pulse and curses. "Damn it all! That was too soon! I thought it would last longer than that." He walks over and shuts the camera off, before walking over to you.


"I will make sure you last longer, I promise," he says, turning your face towards him as you try to turn away. He removes the handcuffs and forces you to stand. You are lead from the room and down the hall. He leads you into another, similar room. He throws you down onto the bed. "Don't worry, I'll be back soon," he promises, pulling the door closed. You hear the door latch as he locks it from the outside.


You look around the room and try to decide what you should do.
> You try to Escape?
You examine the nightstand for anything useful and spot a knife. You turn around and put your back against the table, trying to grab the knife with your bound hands. Finally grabbing it, you somehow manage to free your hands, only slightly cutting into your skin as you cut through your bonds. You examine your wrists when they are free, but the cuts aren't too deep. Spotting a screwdriver, you head for the door. Using the screwdriver, you somehow manage to pry the door open. Glancing up and down the hallway and not seeing your captor, you enter the hallway. Trying to make as little sound as possible, you try each door. At the end of the hallway, you finally find one that is unlocked at hurriedly enter the room, pulling the door closed behind you.


You find yourself in an apparent storage area. Boxes surround you, some stacked haphazardly. There are shelves along the far walls, some of which house tools of various sizes. On one of these shelves, you find a machete. You drop the knife and screwdriver you had taken from the room you just escaped from, and you heft the machete. It isn't as heavy as you had feared. You look around the room some more. There is a door at the other end of the room with stairs leading up.


You realize you have a choice to make. You can try to escape through this other door. Or you can try to hide and wait, and maybe disable your captor with the machete. Which would you like to do?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide not to do as Mark instructed. Everyone needs to know the danger that could possibly lie ahead. After all, you are all fairly young and someone was obviously killing off teenagers in the area. If the old man is to believed, that is. Even though you sense he was being honest, he could also be mistaken. You tell everyone what just occurred inside. Mark and Sarah argue that he is just a paranoid old man trying to scare teenagers away. Probably doesn't want drugs, sex, or booze mucking up his precious town, they argue. Finally, you make a choice as no one else can seem to decide.
> You continue Trip
You decide to go ahead with the trip, despite your misgivings. All of your friends pile back into your various vehicles. You follow Mark's van back onto the main road, as he heads north out of town. After a mile or so, he turns on a loosely paved gravel road. You slow down, as your tires are churning up the loose gravel, flinging it in your wake. You hope Davis isn't too close behind you and that he is driving carefully on the loose gravel. You look into your rearview mirror but only see dust. A couple of miles later, Mark turns onto a narrow, overgrown dirt road.


A sign on the left side of the road proclaims you have finally reached Site 59. The sign is old and weather beaten with faded, hand painted letters. As you continue to follow Mark's van, you notice several log cabins that appear to be run down and abandoned on either side of the road. The cabins begin to thin out. As you pass, you notice an empty trailer house with the door hanging off its hinges. You also pass a house that appears well maintained with a black suv parked out front. You pass a couple more cabins and travel a few more miles before reaching a dead end. You follow the van down the last driveway and pull up beside it to park. Davis pulls in and parks on the other side of the van.


You climb out of your truck and stretch, checking out the cabin. It appears just as abandoned and unkempt as many of the others that you had passed on the way in.  You help everyone unload the vehicles and gather all of the bags on the porch.
> You explore the Cabin
Mark hands you the keys to the cabin. He asks if you will start carrying all the luggage inside with Amanda. He and Robbie meanwhile, head into the backyard to get the lights and water turned on. You put the key in the lock and turn the knob, pushing the door open all the way. You are greeted by the smell of mold and disuse and the sight of more cobwebs than you care to count. There are rodent droppings littering the floor, and apparently the last person to visit left the cabin pretty trashed. You and Amanda decide to call the other ladies together and to give the a cabin a quick once over before bringing anything inside.


In no time at all, the cabin looks at least semi-habitable. Mark finally manages to get the water running. After more tinkering, the power soon follows. You all have a quick celebration, consisting of everyone patting themselves on the back for a job well done. Then, everyone gathers in the living room to discuss sleeping quarters. Mark and Heidi claim one room, as it is technically Mark's cabin. Sarah quickly claims a room for herself and Davis. Michelle and Steven announce their intent to enjoy the great outdoors by spending their evenings in a tent, which they are planning to set up in the backyard. Amanda looks quickly at her ex-boyfriend, Robbie, before asking JR or Ben if they wanted to share the last bedroom with her. Robbie looks at the floor, his face turning red. JR rejects the offer outright; but Ben finally accepts, causing catcalls from some of the male friends. 


This leaves you, JR, and Robbie. Mark says that there is a foldout bed under one of the couches. He also brought along a double air-up mattress. Robbie quickly claims the couch, as JR states that he doesn't mind taking the air mattress. Looking between the two guys nervously, you announce your intent to sleep in your truck before running outside, tears pooling in your eyes.


"What the hell was that about?" you hear Davis ask.


"You know why she's upset, Dumbass. Don't play stupid. Cody, remember? Your best friend, who died last year? Hello!? She's doesn't want to sleep with another guy" Sarah defends you. You don't want to hear anymore... You just want to leave. Damn, Davis; ever the insensitive prick, you think to yourself. You sit on the porch step and look at the poorly tended yard. Sarah comes out to check on you, but you wave her away. No one understands. Yes, it has been over year. But the pain is still there, right under the surface. It still hurts so bad sometimes...
> You cody...
The memories suddenly come flooding back...


The first time you had met Cody... You were standing in front of your locker, freshman year, clueless as to where to go next. It was your first day at a new school, and as you stood there, trying to get your bearings among all the unfamiliar faces, there he was. You happened to glance up and had found yourself staring into the most beautiful eyes you had ever seen...


Your first kiss... You were on your first date, and you kept nervously looking down at your lap, afraid of the emotions building up inside of you for this strange boy who could seemingly read your every thought. He had finally grabbed your chin, forcing you to meet his eyes, before slowly lowering his head until his lips had met yours...


The first time you had made love... It was the summer between your sophomore and junior year. After swimming all day in the creek behind your house, Cody had gently pulled you against him as you lay on the shore waiting for your clothes to dry. His lips had found yours, as his hands lazily explored your curves. You kisses had become more frantic as you had begun to feel an unfamiliar desire building inside, a need that only Cody could fulfill...


And then the day you would never forget... Cody's brother on the other end of the phone, telling you to sit down, that there had been an accident. Your heart shattering into a million pieces as the news had sunk in. Visiting the hospital before they had pulled the plug. The funeral that had followed but that you can now barely recall. You screaming into your pillow every night at the emptiness inside. The gaping hole his death had left where your heart once resided...
> You continue Story
You are suddenly brought back to the present by the sound of someone stepping out onto the porch behind you. You hurriedly wipe your eyes and glance up to see JR standing behind you.


"You okay?" he asks.


"Fine." You respond. But you don't feel fine at all.


"Well if you ever want to talk, I have lost someone close to me, too. So, I can probably relate better than any one else here," he offers. You smile gratefully up him, but insist that you're fine. "You can have the air mattress, by the way. I don't mind sleeping on the floor," he says, before walking back inside. 


Feeling much better after releasing all your pent up energy and depression, you decide to head inside to enjoy the rest of the night with your friends. Besides, it has been over a year since Cody's death. And you can't resist the attraction you are beginning to feel towards JR.


You and your friends enjoy your first night together. You all drink too much beer, play too many drinking games, and generally act like idiot teenagers. After all, this was probably the last time for awhile that any of you would be able to have some fun, as the real world is looming over your heads. Some time during all the craziness, when you are pretty tipsy and ready to sleep; you stumble into the living room and throw yourself on the air mattress, not realizing JR is already laying on it. You land right on top of him and before you even realize what's happening, you find yourself kissing him passionately. It's been so long since you kissed anyone, you had forgotten how amazing it can feel. You find yourself giving in to the passion that is slowly consuming you.


You deepen the kiss, inviting his tongue into your mouth. He groans, and you feel him harden beneath you. You sigh, as he wraps his arms around you and presses you closer against him. You kiss him deeply, loving the feelings of passion stirring inside of you. It's been too damn long since you've felt anything but numbness inside. JR suddenly rolls you over, pressing himself against you harder, making you instantly wet. He begins tenderly stroking one of your nipples, through the fabric of your shirt. You realize how long it's been since you actually had a man inside you, and realize you want JR to fuck you and hard! This thought scares you, causing you to pull away. JR senses your hesitation, though you try to play it off. He grabs your hands and pulls you gently against his chest.


"It's okay if your not ready yet, Nicole. I'm not planning to go anywhere," he promises, into the darkening gloom. You fall asleep in JR's arms, and awaken the next morning, not knowing what memories from the night before are real and which are all a dream....
> You continue
You wake up the next morning, hungover and slightly disoriented. You feel someone next to you and look over to find JR lying beside you. What happened, you groggily wonder as you try to remember all the events from the night before. The memories begin to slowly come back to you, one at time, like scenes from a movie. The feel of his lips on yours, and his hands exploring your body. You remember all the kissing and touching, the emotions he stirred deep inside your prevously numb heart. And the need that had suddenly arisen inside you to be with him intimately. You can clearly recall those memories. But how is it possible for you to feel so strongly about someone that you barely even know?


The rest of your memories are vague and hard to recall. But for some reason, your mind insists on believing that there are other memories as well, hidden just below the surface. As you struggle to remember everything, other memories do begin to appear in your mind, but these memories are different. Harder to focus on and blurry around the edges. They are also more shocking and explicit; did they actually happen? You begin to see and feel these memories, as if they are happening right now. Touching bare skin, a tongue on your navel, a hand stroking your breasts; sensation making you feel alive again. Teeth nibbling your earlobe before latching onto a nipple, a hand slipping into your jeans to discover your most sensitive place, clothes being tossed aside in a hurry, and something pressing firmly against your womanhood, trying to ease its way in...


No! You yell in your mind... That never happened! I wouldn't have let it go that far, you reason with yourself. The more you try to focus on these "memories" though, the more blurry they become. You tell yourself it all must be just part of a dream, brought on by alcohol and the want that had suddenly arisen inside you, as you were kissing JR. Inside you are unsure, and you are haunted by the possibilities of what had transpired the previous night. The last thing you can clearly recall is kissing JR until your passion had built unbearably high, which had caused you to withdraw. But the more you try to pin down these other more faded memories, the more they elude you. You finally give up this task, praying it really is just part of a dream, and sit up looking around the room.
> Next
You suddenly notice that Robbie and Amanda are standing in the corner, obviously in the middle of a heated argument and trying not to wake anyone up. You try to tune out their conversation, not wanting to eavesdrop, and begin to quietly tiptoe out of the room. But as their whispered voices become louder by the second, you can soon hear every word.


"How could you, Amanda? How could you sleep with that ugly, nerdy, tub of lard?" Robbie nearly growls."I thought you were better than that. I thought you had standards, damn it!" He suddenly lashes out and punches the wall, inches from Amanda's face. She doesn't even flinch, making you wonder how long she has been dealing with Robbie's obviously violent tendencies.


"You know why, Robbie!" She finally answers in a tired voice. "Don't act stupid! You're the one who cheated on me, remember? You don't have any idea how that made me feel, Robbie. And everyone knew! Everyone was always looking at me with pity, but no one was brave enough to tell me the truth. I didn't need their damn pity! I just needed someone, anyone, to care about me... To love me." She starts crying, and Robbie reaches for her, but Amanda suddenly steps away from him. As you are stepping into the kitchen, you hear Amanda finally defend herself. "Don't touch me! And what fucking business is it of yours who I choose to sleep with? Huh? You broke up with me, remember. Your loss! Now, leave me the fuck alone so I can enjoy hanging out with my friends one last time!" She storms back to her room.


You enter the kitchen and head for the fidge, hoping to find a non-alcoholic drink. You finally spot a coke, pushed all the way against the back wall, behind everything else on the refrigerator shelf. You grab it and pop the top, wondering if you and the arguing ex couple are the only ones awake. You head to the kitchen sink, lost in thought about the argument you had just witnessed and still pondering the events of last night. As you set your cola on the counter and reach to turn on the faucet, intending to wash your hands and rinse your face, you happen to glance out the window. The sight before you causes you to freeze with your hand still reaching across the sink.


"There you are, beautiful..." JR stops with one look at your face.


"What's wrong?" He questions. You point one shaky finger at the window. He comes behind you and looks over your shoulder at the scene you cannot look away from. The tent that Michelle and Steven had spent last night sleeping in hangs in bloody tatters, and there are what appear to be torn clothes covered in blood scattered across the yard, leading into the wooded area at the far edge of the property. Michelle and Steven are nowhere to seen. You mind is numb, as you take in the horror of the scene in the backyard.


"Hey, EVERYONE, in the kitchen, NOW!!" JR yells, in a loud enough voice to wake the dead... or possibly loud enough for whoever had done this to come back for the rest of you. You try to hush him and motion at him to lower his voice. You start to panic as you realize the severity of your situation.
> Next
"What should we do now?" you hear Amanda ask, in a strained voice as everyone gathers in the kitchen. She is obviously near panic. Everyone turns to look at you. You try to clear your thoughts, refusing to allow fear to consume you. You consider all of your options.


What do you want to do first?
> You investigate the Backyard
You decide to investigate the backyard, in the hopes of finding out what happened to your friends. Perhaps it's just a prank? Steven always had been a bit of a prankster. You tell your everyone your plan, and JR insists on accompanying you. Mark, Davis, and Heidi join you and while the rest of your group stay inside. You open the backdoor and step onto the back porch, JR right behind you. You head across the yard to the edge of the property where the tent is set up.


You look inside the tent, and the sight before you makes you nauseous. There is blood everywhere inside of the tent. Streaks of it are across the walls, soaking into the sleeping bags, and it's even splattered on the ceiling. Scattered on the ground at your feet are bits and pieces of what appear to be the clothes Michelle had been wearing the night before. There are bloody footprints leading into the woods behind the property, down an overgrown trail that Mark's dad must have used during hunting season. Steven is no where to be seen.


Deciding to at least peek down the trail for any hints as to Steven or Michelle's whereabouts, you follow the bloody footprints. As you near the woods, you see someone crumpled on the ground, a few feet down the trail. You heart starts to sink as JR runs past you and reaches the crumpled figure. You reach them just as JR flips Steven onto his back, and you immediately begin to scream.


Steven lies at your feet with his throat slashed. There are many stab wounds on his abdomen and chest. His feet are bloody, as well. You realize that he must have been wounded at the tent and had tried to follow his assailant. He must have tried unsuccessfully to save Michelle. You can't tear your eyes away from Steven's bloody corpse. The blank staring eyes, the gruesome look on his face, the bloody gash in his throat, and all the blood... You had never seen so much blood. Someone had murdered your friend and abducted Michelle. Who would do something like this?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"What should we do now?" you hear Amanda ask, in a strained voice as everyone gathers in the kitchen. She is obviously near panic. Everyone turns to look at you. You try to clear your thoughts, refusing to allow fear to consume you. You consider all of your options.


What do you want to do first?
> You too Scared to Decide
You stand there in shock. The view of the backyard haunts your thoughts. Blood... so much blood. And the ripped clothing scattered everywhere, what had happened? Panic builds in your chest until you can't stand it anymore. You decide that standing here stupidly is just wasting time. You need to decide what to do. Fear gets you nowhere in life.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"What should we do now?" you hear Amanda ask, in a strained voice as everyone gathers in the kitchen. She is obviously near panic. Everyone turns to look at you. You try to clear your thoughts, refusing to allow fear to consume you. You consider all of your options.


What do you want to do first?
> You call the Police
You immediately head into the living room and search for your bag. You locate it in the corner of the room and search through it, looking for your cell phone. Finding your phone, you dial 911 and put the phone to your ear. After a minute, when it still doesn't start ringing, you pull the phone away from your ear. Reading the screen, you notice you have no signal bars. Apparently, being this far out in the woods has its disadvantages. You curse and walk around the room, pointing the phone in all directions. Still nothing... You tuck the phone into your pocket and head back to the group, still standing around the kitchen with shock etched upon their faces.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"What should we do now?" you hear Amanda ask, in a strained voice as everyone gathers in the kitchen. She is obviously near panic. Everyone turns to look at you. You try to clear your thoughts, refusing to allow fear to consume you. You consider all of your options.


What do you want to do first?
> You give Up
Fear swallows all of your other emotions, and you lie down on the floor and begin to sob, pulling your knees to your chest. Your friends look at you in shock. You have given up the will to survive. There is no point in continuing, you tell yourself. We are all going to die...


You friends all leave and try to escape. You hear a gun ring out, from somewhere outside, shortly after they leave. You continue to lie there, sobbing uncontrollably. You hear a door open in another room, followed by footsteps.


"Well, well, well. What do we have here?" you hear an unfamiliar voice ask. You feel someone grab your ankles and look up into a face of pure evil. You let out a single blood-curdling scream before you are knocked unconscious by a blow to the head. You never regain consciousness.
> The End
Your score was: 0!!!
> You eND GAME
Oh no! You died! Please play again.... there are six better kinds of endings!


Really, though... I know you can do better! Please play again before rating the game!!!


Thanks for playing! Scare ya next time! XD<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You enter the gas station behind Mark and follow him to the counter. Seeing no one anywhere in sight, Mark impatiently hits the bell on the counter to summon the attendant. He taps it several times in succession, as you finally hear footsteps approaching from the doorway at the back of the shop.


"I'm a'coming. Hold your gosh darn horses. I swear if this is another fricking prank, I'ma kick your rearend, Pete." The weathered old man finally steps into view and approaches his side of the counter. "Ah hell. My 'pologees folks. A youngen from town has been playing pranks on me all darn week. Can I help you's with anything?" The man is wearing blue coveralls covered with grease stains, and his hair stands up at all angles, like it hasn't seen a comb in ages. He has filmy, grayish eyes, a scraggly beard, and a pointed, sharp nose; but also a kind, shy smile. His hands shake a little, as he reaches for a rag and begins wiping the counter.


"Yes, we need directions to Site 59 please," Mark responds. At these words, the old man's eyes get big and his hands begin to tremble even harder than before. He swallows hard before answering, his eyes darting around nervously.


"Ya mean you aren't just passing through? Ya'll don't wanna stay in these here parts. You should try Miner's Hill instead. It's about an hour south of here..."


"I asked how to get to Site 59. We've already been driving for three hours. We are planning on staying at my dad's old cabin. He used to camp and hunt up here, before my parents divorced. I just don't remember how to get up there. Can you help us or not?" Mark asks impatiently.


"But you don't understand, " the old man insists. "The town here isn't safe. Not like it was when you visited last. Young people are disappearing left, right, and sideways. Just this year, eight youngens were taken. Most were about your age, I suppose. This town is cursed. People have moved off, afraid for their youngens. Please camp somewhere else. For your own safety." The old man's eyes fill with tears. "My grandson, Mikey. He's been missing a year and a half now..."


You and Mark exchange an uneasy glance. Finally, Mark explains to the man that you have a large group of friends with you. He tells the man he will warn everyone about the danger, and then everyone can decide as a group whether to stay or not. The old man urges you to leave the town once again as you are leaving, but Mark doesn't seem to be paying him any mind.


Finally, Mark cuts the man off. "Sir, if you would, could you possibly draw me a map? I know we can't stay right now, but one day I need to come visit my dad's cabin. I need to clean it up, so that it can be sold. My mom could really use the money."


Mark sounds so sincere, you almost believe him. But you know he is lying, just to get the directions. It makes you uncomfortable. On your way out of the store, Mark asks you not to tell anyone about the strange encounter just yet. He wants to at least look at the cabin before you tell everyone else about the old man's warning. Then everyone can decide what they want to do.
> You wait
Despite your misgivings, you decide to go along with Mark. No sense in getting everyone worked up right here, where anyone could be listening. Your group continues toward the cabin. You head north on the main road through town, following Mark's van. Turning off the main road a mile or so from the town center, you drive up a more loosely paved gravel road. In the rearview mirror, you notice Davis slow down considerably and swerve slightly to avoid the worst of the gravel your truck is tossing up in it's wake. You slow down yourself to avoid accidently  causing your friend to wreck his bike. After a couple of miles, Mark turns left onto a bare dirt road.


A crooked, weather-beaten sign that appears to be hand painted is on the left side of the road, announcing Site 59. You slow down even more and continue at a snail's pace. You pass a old abandoned trailer house, a few spooky looking cabins, and one house that appears to be occupied. It is the only sign of life that you have seen since leaving town. A black SUV is parked in the driveway. Passing by, you think you see a curtain part in one of the windows, but you aren't certain. You pass a few more cabins and drive a few more miles before reaching a dead end. You turn your vehicle into the last driveway behind Mark and pull up beside his van. Shifting into park, you watch as Davis parks on the other side of the van.


Glad to finally get off the road for a few minutes, you exit your truck and walk toward the van. Everyone seems relieved to finally get a chance to stretch. You notice the cabin appears to be just as run down and unkempt as all of the others you had passed. Aside from that one random house, that is. Before anyone can unpack or even relax, you immediately recount your experience with the gas station clerk and his warnings. Unfortunately, no one seems to care about some crazy old man's opinion. You insist everyone discuss the situation seriously. How can you be sure he wasn't telling the truth and genuinely worried about your group, you reason. After much debate, with Sarah and Mark against any suggestion to leave, you finally vote on what you should do.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I'm being serious this time, swear. We can go camping or something. It will be fun. Do you really just want to leave and go to college and not have one last fun time together with your friends? Think about it, please. Let's do something. Just for a week. What do you all think?"


"Sounds like the best thing you have ever suggested, Mark," Sarah blurts out. "I was going to suggest something like that myself..."


"Sounds awesome to me," Amanda tacks on. Amanda is the youngest of your friends, and her response surprises you. She and Robbie had just broken up a few days before, and she had seemed to be depressed in the days since. Maybe she wanted to go as a final chance to get back with Robbie. Who knows?


Heidi, Mark's girlfriend, agrees that the trip sounds fun. She and Mark have been dating several months, and Mark has begun hanging out with your group of friends more and more ever since.


After much debate, everyone finally decides to go on the trip. "Alright, Smartie Pants, where exactly are we going?" Michelle questions. "It was your idea, so what do you propose?" she continues in a snide little voice, obviously upset everyone is agreeing with Mark's plan.


"I have the perfect idea. We can go camping for a week at my dad's old hunting cabin. We used to stay there every summer before my parents got divorced. It will perfect. And it has three bedrooms, so there will be plenty of space for everyone. It's only about a three hour drive from here."


With the destination decided on, everyone makes plans to meet back at your house the next morning. Everyone slowly leaves, until only Sarah remains. Sarah thanks you for agreeing to go on the trip. She tells you that she is indeed pregnant and that she plans to share the news with Davis during the trip. You congratulate her, knowing that this is what she's always wanted, although you don't agree with starting a family so soon. You also fear that Davis' reaction won't be the one Sarah is hoping for.


When you are finally left alone in your house, you realize you have a decision to make. When should you pack for the trip?
> You wait and Pack Later
You decide to wait and pack after dinner. Heading into the kitchen, you fix a quick dinner and even make sure to put a plate aside for your dad in the microwave. He will eat it when he gets home from work in a few hours. You then proceed to clean the kitchen and scribble a quick note to your dad explaining your plans, before grabbing your plate and heading to your bedroom upstairs. In your room, you sit down on the bed and turn on the television. Finding a comedy after channel surfing for a few minutes, you finally eat your dinner while you enjoy the movie.


A few hours later, you look up at the clock on your bedroom wall and realize how late it is. You chide yourself for your own stupidity. It's very late, and you have to get up early to meet your friends for the trip. You decide to pack in the morning.


You lay down on the bed and stare at the ceiling, wondering about the trip and worrying about your dad. Although his cancer isn't too bad at the moment, you know it will soon worsen as your father is refusing to get treatment. Lost in your troubling thoughts, you soon fall asleep. Unfortunately, you forgot to set your alarm...
> You uh-oh...
You wake up to Sarah standing over you, yelling your name. You sit up, groggily wiping your eyes. You finally stand up and try to focus on Sarah's face as you struggle to fully awaken.


"Really, Nicole? You haven't even packed! Everyone is downstairs and ready to go...."


"I'm sorry. Just gimme like five minutes. Swear. Go tell everyone I'm coming down in a few," you answer.


"Whatever, Nicole. But I swear if you aren't downstairs in ten minutes, we are leaving! With or without you, okay? You aren't going to ruin this weekend for me!" she angrily starts downstairs.


Fudge! What's her problem, you wonder to yourself as you quickly change into a pair of blue jean shorts and a black tank top. You slip on your sneakers and grab your overnight bag. You hurriedly stuff in a couple of outfits, your deodorant, a hair brush, your small make-up bag, and a pair of flip-flops. Heading to the bathroom, you grab your toothbrush and stuff it into the top of your bag, zipping it closed. You run downstairs, grabbing your cell phone and key ring off the bar in the foyer as you leave your house, locking up behind you.


In the driveway, Davis stands by his motorcycle arguing with Sarah. Everyone else is gathered between Mark's beat up van and your truck. You notice all the luggage piled in the back of your truck and sigh inwardly. Looks like you're gonna have to drive...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your friends are gathered at your house one day, about a week after graduation, just hanging out. Everyone begins discussing their various plans for the immediate future. Davis plans to try his luck in the big city, hoping to become an actor or male model. Although he tends to be negative and can even come across as harsh at times, you don't doubt that he could in fact become famous as he is rather good looking. Your best friend, Sarah, who is dating Davis, plans to attend community college in the next town. She wants to stay close to home and has no other aspirations in life than to begin her own family in the town she grew up in. She recently confided in you that she believes she is pregnant, but that she doesn't know yet for sure.


You share with everyone your own plan to also attend the community college, but that you are planning to take night courses instead, so that you can keep your current job at the local grocery store. Although several of your friends try to persuade you otherwise, you remain firm with your decision. You don't feel like sharing with everyone in the room the real reason for your decision, not wanting to sour everyone's good mood. The real reason you are staying so close to home, rather than attending the state college you had originally planned to attend, is due to your father's recent diagnosis of cancer. Although the cancer is still in its beginning stages, your father is the only family you have; you do not want to leave him living alone as he undergoes treatment for the cancer.


As Michelle launches into another spiel as to why you should try to get into a Bachelor's degree program rather than attend night classes, Steven tries to get her to leave it be. Michelle is the smartest among your friends and tends to be bossy. She is planning on attending one of your state's most accredited schools. Her boyfriend, Steven, is exactly the opposite. While he isn't very bright, he is very laid back and tries to be the peace maker whenever Michelle becomes too aggressive or bossy.


Mark suddenly sits up from where he is reclining on your sofa, and asks the group at large, "Why don't we have one last adventure together before we all go our separate ways?" You glance up from your conversation with Michelle, mostly to see if Mark is being serious or not. Mark is the stoner of the group and known for blurting out random comments, just to get a reaction.


"Because you're not, technically, a part of our group.... You're only even here because you're boning Heidi. You aren't even our age, loser..." Davis bluntly points out, in typical Davis fashion. Mark is Heidi's boyfriend and much older than everyone else, having graduated two years before. Davis is oblivious of anyone else's feelings except his own and tends to be an ass, in your opinion.


"And because some of us have packing to do and real jobs waiting for us," Michelle tacks on, in a superior tone of voice she sometimes uses that you can't stand.
> You meet the Gang!
These are the friends who travel with you on your trip:


-Sarah is your best friend. She has been your closest friend since elementary school. She is dating Davis.


-Davis is the so called "bad boy". He drives a motorcycle and is usually the first to cause any altercation within the group. He is dating Sarah.


-Mark is the stoner aka the pot-smoking hippie. He is also the funniest of all your friends. He is dating Heidi.


-Heidi is the shy one. Everyone tends to forget that she is even around sometimes, as she rarely speaks. Heidi is currently dating Mark.


-Michelle is the smart one. She is dating Steven.


-Steven is the athletic one, and he is also the only member of your group that is considered to be one of the "popular" crowd. He gave up his popularity and began hanging with your group of friends, soon after he and Michelle had begun dating.


-Amanda is the youngest person among your group. She is only 17. She is a free-spirted young girl who loves to tell jokes. She is also very short, but that doesn't stop her from being the loudest of you all. She and Robbie recently broke up.


-Robbie is the "player" of the group aka the womanizer or flirt. He and Amanda have just broken up.


-Ben is the nerdy one. He is also the most overweight. He is currently single, but he has shown interest in you recently, much to your dismay.


-JR is the newest member of your group of friends. He transferred to your school only six months ago. He is currently single.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>'Twas dark and dreary Christmas Eve

And all the world was mute.

No wind nor rain disturbed the peace

No bird would give a hoot. 


The moon was hid behind the clouds

Which softly wept with snow

That formed a blanket on the ground

And hid what lay below.


A coldness lay upon the fields

And frost encased the trees

The temperature, with every breath

Would drop a few degrees.


'Tis there we find a tiny shack

With crooked walls and floors

Where winter's cold and summer's heat

Crept through the crooked door.


Inside, there stood a tiny bed,

Inside a tiny room.

And in that tiny, tiny bed

Lay Isabella Gloom.


Her blanked cracked and creaked with cold

That froze the frazzled seams.

But Isabella didn't mind

Her head was filled with dreams.
> You let's take a closer look at what she was dreaming...
A coldness lay upon the town

Where Isabella strolled

But sunlight warmed the cobbled streets

That shone in shades of gold.


Its cottages were decked with wreaths

And candles, all aglow.

On every gable roof there lay

A smattering of snow.


And on the sides of every street

As green as they could be,

Stood, dressed in gold and silver gifts,

A shining Christmas tree.


In front of Isabella lay

A market, filled with stalls,

Where tinsel-covered holly wreaths

Concealed the wooden walls.


Around the square lay silent streets

With buildings all throughout,

With homes and shops, a tiny church

Beneath a snowy shroud.


Poor Isabella couldn't choose

What she then wished to see,

But then "let's check this funny place

And see the sights" thought she. 
> You and she went to the market square.
A thousand Christmas ornaments

Adorned the market square,

That shone beneath the golden sun

And spread the season's flair. 


The stalls were filled with winter treats:

With drinks all nice and hot,

With wooden toys and gifts, all wrapped, 

Warm food, all freshly caught.


But no one tended to the stalls

Or bought the wares there shown.

In Isabella's market dreams

She dwelled there all alone. 


And though the sun was shining bright

And warmed the silent square,

Poor Isabella felt a cold

Creep through her sleeping wear. 


Some goosebumps and a shivered shake

Upon her arms appeared.

Within this unfamiliar town

She was alone, she feared.


Right in the centre of the square,

She found, now losing hope,

A gleaming, marble pedestal

That held a snowy globe.


Now curious again, she thought

To touch the novel thing,

Though in her head, where fear remained,

Some warning bells did ring.
> You but she approached the pedestal.
The snow globe had a heavy pull

On Isabella's eye.

With quickened step she quickly saw

All that she could descry.


Within the globe a town appeared

Not much unlike this own,

Where snow-white flakes past market stalls

And silent streets were blown.


But darkness lay upon that town,

By shadows overcast,

Which swirled and swelled in angry clouds

That hail and ice amassed.


And in the dark, the girl could swear,

She saw a bony hand

That spread across the model town

And strangled all the land.


A chill again took hold of all

Poor Isabella's spine.

An anxious voice ran through her mind

One she could not define.


And then she saw a pedestal

With tiny snowy pearl

There in the model market stand,

Besides a little girl.


She rubbed the snow globe's frosty glass

To clarify the scene

But as she did, around the girl,

Some shadows did convene.


When Isabella saw herself

All warning bells did ring

And in her head, the voice now yelled:

"Beware the Winter King!"  
> You frightened, Isabella turned around...
A bitter cold encased the square

Beneath a darkened shroud

As, borne upon an icy gale, 

A wicked voice rang out:


"Welcome, welcome, tiny lady,

Here, in my domain.

All your pitiful existence

Here, you will remain."


The wooden stalls with winter treats

Stood empty and forlorn,

And dancing twixt the rotten wreaths

There rung the ghastly scorn:


"Do not look for ways to run, for

None can here be found.

My domain, eternal winter

Knows no edge nor bound."


Across the dark'ning square there blew

A whirl of ice and snow

In violent, raging, savage gusts

That not much else show.


The little girl suppressed a sob

The weather gave no way.

Poor Isabella knew not then

To run, or there to stay.


"Stay now, stay, my little girl."

The voice called out once more

"Let me see that pretty face and

Taste your every pore."
> You isabella Screamed...
"Leave me alone, you horrid thing!"

The girl screamed loud and clear

"I want to go to my own home

So let me go, you hear!"


The girl could swear that in the dark

She saw a savage maw

That held a hundred razor fangs

As drool ran down its jaw.


"My oh my, such disrespect you

Show, to me, your king.

Soon, you'll learn what punishment your

Insolence will bring."


The little girl then tried to run

And screamed a dreadful sound.

But Isabella couldn't move

Her feet froze to the ground


Around her blew a bitter wind

That chilled her to her core..

Before too long the girl would find

That she could scream no more.


And all the while, she hear within

That horrid frozen place,

The laughter of the Winter King

Though never saw his face.


But in the dark, and in the cold,

Behind her she heard creep

The vile and horrifying beast.

She started then to weep.


"Soon now, soon, you little one"

She heard the gloating swine

"Winter claims your feeble life

And then you will be mine!"


A bony hand clasped round her neck

She had no strength to part

And in her soul, she felt a cold

That froze her beating heart.
> You continue...
On Christmas Day we come again

To one familiar shack

Where icy winds the walls once more

With bitter cold did wrack. 


A single holly wreath adorned

Its crooked wooden door

And yet, a noble Christmas tree

Adorned its earthen floor.


There Isabella calmly lay

Within her tiny room,

But over her, stood mournfully

Poor Mom and Father Gloom.


Her woeful name they often spoke,

But Isabella never woke.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A bitter cold encased the square

Beneath a darkened shroud

As, borne upon an icy gale, 

A wicked voice rang out:


"Welcome, welcome, tiny lady,

Here, in my domain.

All your pitiful existence

Here, you will remain."


The wooden stalls with winter treats

Stood empty and forlorn,

And dancing twixt the rotten wreaths

There rung the ghastly scorn:


"Do not look for ways to run, for

None can here be found.

My domain, eternal winter

Knows no edge nor bound."


Across the dark'ning square there blew

A whirl of ice and snow

In violent, raging, savage gusts

That not much else show.


The little girl suppressed a sob

The weather gave no way.

Poor Isabella knew not then

To run, or there to stay.


"Stay now, stay, my little girl."

The voice called out once more

"Let me see that pretty face and

Taste your every pore."
> You isabella Ran...
The girl could swear that in the dark

She saw a savage maw

That held a hundred razor fangs

As drool ran down its jaw.


Despite the ice and howling winds

The little girl now ran

Away onto the market square

Without a thought or plan. 


She only knew that, on the wind

A putrid breath was blown

And, creaking cold like cracking ice,

She heard the creature groan: 


"My oh my, such feisty spirit

Proudly you possess

What a shame that all this land

Grants you no redress."


She slipped and slid among the stalls,

Was blown across the sleet,

Yet Isabella still remained

Determined on her feet.


"Foolish girl, where will you flee?

All you see is mine.

Nowhere can you stay and hide.

Here, I am divine!"


A fearsome gale then pushed the girl

Against a rotten stall.

She slipped and fell, and hit her head

Against the wooden wall.


She knew not then what more to do,

The creature sure was near.

Should she now run, and risk a fall

Or cower there in fear?
> You she hid inside the stall.
Among the kiosk's rotten wares

Poor Isabella hid,

But outside, on the frozen square

She heard the creature bid:


"Did you think, you foolish girl

You could hide from me?

That your foolish hiding place

I'm too blind to see?"


A heavy step now slowly scratched

And scraped across the ice.

It neared the girl with every crack,

Determined and precise.


"Just go away, you horrid thing!"

The girl screamed loud and clear

"I want to go to my own home

Now let me go, you hear!"


A bitter wind blew through the stall

That chilled her to her core.

Before too long the girl would find

That she could scream no more.


"My oh my, such disrespect you

Show, to me, your king.

Soon, you'll learn what punishment your

Insolence will bring."


The girl heard all the while, within

That horrid, frozen place,

The laughter of the Winter King

Though never saw his face.


"Soon now, soon, you little one"

She heard the gloating swine

"Winter claims your feeble life

And then you will be mine!"


Poor Isabella found that she

Could no more move a bone.

Now weeping in the rotten stall

She felt so damn alone.


And in the dark, and in the cold,

Above her she heard creep

The vile and horrifying beast.

That soon her life would reap.


A bony hand clasped round her neck

She had no strength to part

And in her soul, she felt a cold

That froze her beating heart.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The girl could swear that in the dark

She saw a savage maw

That held a hundred razor fangs

As drool ran down its jaw.


Despite the ice and howling winds

The little girl now ran

Away onto the market square

Without a thought or plan. 


She only knew that, on the wind

A putrid breath was blown

And, creaking cold like cracking ice,

She heard the creature groan: 


"My oh my, such feisty spirit

Proudly you possess

What a shame that all this land

Grants you no redress."


She slipped and slid among the stalls,

Was blown across the sleet,

Yet Isabella still remained

Determined on her feet.


"Foolish girl, where will you flee?

All you see is mine.

Nowhere can you stay and hide.

Here, I am divine!"


A fearsome gale then pushed the girl

Against a rotten stall.

She slipped and fell, and hit her head

Against the wooden wall.


She knew not then what more to do,

The creature sure was near.

Should she now run, and risk a fall

Or cower there in fear?
> You she tried to run.
With straining strength the girl now stood

Again upon her feet.

Her head felt like it could explode

Yet nothing there did bleed.


She struggled through across and left

The market in her wake

And pondered then no single flash

Whichever street to take.


For heavy step still slowly scratched

And scraped across the ice.

It neared the girl with every crack,

Determined and precise.


So Isabella swiftly ran

As fast as she could go

Into her nightmare's twisted streets,

Replete with ice and snow.


But though the girl ran far and wide,

No reason to her craze,

She heard the horrid creature's voice

Still echo through the maze:


"Do not try to run, my child and

Do not bruise that flesh.

Stay and sate my appetite.

Young and oh so fresh."


"Oh let me now alone, you creep!"

The girl yelled in despair.

As falling snow, and shadows dark,

Her vision did impair.


She slipped and slid through countless streets

Unsteady on her feet,

But felt the icy cobblestones

Her stamina deplete.


She came upon a ruined church,

Forbidding in the dark.

She pondered then to hole up there

Though ice had lefts its mark.


And steadily, upon her trail,

She heard the dreadful ring,

The hateful creature's whispered breath,

The loathsome Winter King.


Considering to hurry on

She paused then little more

For she then wished, although pursued,

Her options to explore.


 
> You she tried to hide inside the church.
Upon the church's rotten door

A sign was on display,

That shouted loud in blood-red ink

That 'you must go away!'


But Isabella heard the groans

Behind her, coming near,

Belonging to the Winter King

Who filled her heart with fear.


She ran into the ruined church

And met with quite a sight

That chilled her to her very core

And filled her soul with fright:


A hundred people gathered there,

All frozen stiff with fear,

With masks of grief and woe and fright

And screams she could not hear. 


She lingered there, among the folk

All trapped, encased in ice.

To tell the scene that she there saw

No words could here suffice.


Forgetting briefly, for a while,

The fright her dream her gave,

She felt inclined to see the church

And wandered round the nave.


Upon the altar lay a book

That shone a golden hue.

A nameless book with scarlet print

She wanted then to view.


But she remembered then with haste

For whom she did there hide

And pondered then a better choice:

To run away, outside.
> You she opened the book.
The pages of the unknown book

Were brittle all with age

But as to all its origins

The girl just could not gauge


Within the book a tale was told

Of evil, old and vile

That preys upon humanity

And will all life defile:


...It was last winter fair, when we first saw the globe

That was silently put on the square

It was largely ignored, till the first chilling gales

Made there way through the town from out there.


It was then there appeared, at the edge of the storm

The most dreadful and horrible beast

That, to prey on the town, and the people within

A most dreadful cold blizzard released.


And it singles us out, in the dark, in the cold

Ere it takes you away in the night,

Where it tortures you whole, and it threatens your soul

Till your heart will give in from the fright.


Cause it feasts on your fears as it freezes your skin

And will show you whatever it takes

To be done with your grit, and your spirit runs out

And your last courage finally breaks.


The girl could sadly read no more,

For then, inside the nave

She heard an awful eerie voice

That her the shivers gave: 


"My oh my, the little girl

Cowered here in fear

Is that there, that anxious drum, your

Beating heart I hear?"


"Stay, now stay a while my dear

Here inside my lair

Soon, just like these people here, your

Heart I will ensnare."


The little girl could feel the fear

Fill up her very soul.

Her heart was close to giving up.

The night now took its toll.


"Now do not dwell, my lonesome child!"

A voice rang in her mind,

But much unlike the Winter King's

This voice was warm and kind.


And hope now filled her weary heart

And healed her weary feet

And quickly, through the frozen nave

She ran towards the street.


The Winter King she did not see

Though curses he did throw

And she then knew, all through her heart

Exactly where to go.
> You continue...
The market square she hurried to

For here it all began

And in her mind she had made up

A final desperate plan.


Her feet slid on the cobblestones

And yet she did not fall.

For all her heart was set to reach

The distant pedestal.


A blizzard raged across the square

And hail reduced her sight

Yet in the dark, and in the cold

The snow globe still shone bright.


But right behind her, she now heard

The dreadful creature's stride

And as she ran between the stalls

Now after her it cried:


"Oh my little, little girl

How you think you're smart. 

Soon now, soon, you little rat

I'll devour your heart."


But Isabella did not stop,

Nor turn her head in fear

Despite the bitter, raging storm

Her goal was shining clear.


She nearly reached the snowy globe

That she had come to find.

The pedestal was within reach

But then her eyes turned blind.


Poor Isabella could not see,

For shadows had her trapped,

And icy cold whirled round her frame

Around her skin it wrapped.


Within the dark, she heard the laugh

And felt the putrid breath

From her tormentor's noxious mouth.

It frightened her to death.


"Here we are at last my child

Now there's no way out

I'll discover how you taste

There'll be little doubt."


The little girl then tried to run

And screamed a dreadful sound.

But Isabella couldn't move

Her feet froze to the ground


"Soon now, soon, you little one"

She heard the gloating swine

"Winter claims your feeble life

And then you will be mine!"


Before too long the girl would find

That she could scream no more.

And plans of desperate escape

Her mind no longer bore. 

 
> You isabella gave up.
The shadows and the icy winds

Now chilled her to her core.

And all the while, the little girl

Could barely think no more. 


Within the darkened winter night,

Upon her weary feet,

The little girl had given up,

Her body lost its heat.


The Winter King had won his game,

Of that she had no doubt,

As on the square, his icy laugh

Triumphantly rung out.


A bony hand then clasped her neck

She had no strength to part

And in her soul, she felt a cold

That froze her beating heart.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The market square she hurried to

For here it all began

And in her mind she had made up

A final desperate plan.


Her feet slid on the cobblestones

And yet she did not fall.

For all her heart was set to reach

The distant pedestal.


A blizzard raged across the square

And hail reduced her sight

Yet in the dark, and in the cold

The snow globe still shone bright.


But right behind her, she now heard

The dreadful creature's stride

And as she ran between the stalls

Now after her it cried:


"Oh my little, little girl

How you think you're smart. 

Soon now, soon, you little rat

I'll devour your heart."


But Isabella did not stop,

Nor turn her head in fear

Despite the bitter, raging storm

Her goal was shining clear.


She nearly reached the snowy globe

That she had come to find.

The pedestal was within reach

But then her eyes turned blind.


Poor Isabella could not see,

For shadows had her trapped,

And icy cold whirled round her frame

Around her skin it wrapped.


Within the dark, she heard the laugh

And felt the putrid breath

From her tormentor's noxious mouth.

It frightened her to death.


"Here we are at last my child

Now there's no way out

I'll discover how you taste

There'll be little doubt."


The little girl then tried to run

And screamed a dreadful sound.

But Isabella couldn't move

Her feet froze to the ground


"Soon now, soon, you little one"

She heard the gloating swine

"Winter claims your feeble life

And then you will be mine!"


Before too long the girl would find

That she could scream no more.

And plans of desperate escape

Her mind no longer bore. 

 
> You but then she remembered the book.
"My fear it wants," the girl recalled

As cold encroached her heart

"So Isabella, now be brave"

She heard her mind impart.


She tried to scorn the Winter King,

Ignored his disrespect,

With all her might, for hopeful thoughts

Her freezing mind she wrecked.


And then she heard her mother's voice

Throughout the shadows ring

And saw her father, to their shack

A mighty fir tree bring.


A Christmas day, so long ago

Appeared within her mind

That filled her heart with happiness

And all her strength combined.


A Christmas carol softly slipped

From out her frozen lips

And Christmas candles warmed her eyes

And lifted their eclipse.


She felt the creature's longing gaze

Across her body slip

But happiness enflamed her heart

And nullified his grip.


"Inconceivable!" she heard

"How could this arise?

Nevermind, you feeble girl

I'll turn your heart to ice!"


But snow not ice could harm the girl

She felt her body thaw

Around her, she could also see

The shadows did withdraw.


The pedestal she quickly rushed

Without a plan or sound

She grabbed the snow globe in her hand

And threw it to the ground.


Behind her, she could hear the cry,

The final waning howl

That left the dying Winter King

That beast, so vile and foul.


And when she turned, the beast was gone

Its darkness pulled away

From deep within the shattered globe

There shone the light of day.


Its blinding light flashed through the town

And thawed the frozen land

An overdue awakening

Was for the town at hand.
> You continue...
A feast was held upon the square

In honour of the child

Who drove away the Winter King

And Isabella smiled.


A thousand Christmas ornaments

Again adorned the square,

That shone beneath the golden sun

And spread the season's flair.


Though winter lay upon the town

It's temper now was mild.

The seasons magic beauty not

Not Winter King defiled.


And all the town would, at the time

Its Christmas spirit lift.

Each person brought, before the girl

A grateful, festive gift.


The little girl was overwhelmed

The line went on so long

But at the end, a burly man

Came last behind the throng.


He wore a jolly, scarlet suit

Her deeds he did rejoice

But Isabella, when he spoke

Could recognise the voice. 


"You were that voice within my head!"

She cried out in surprise

"That roused me when the Winter King

Had caught me in his ice!"


"Ahohoho", he laughed a laugh

He heartily released.

"Let us not dwell upon the past

Now come, enjoy your feast."


Enjoy, she did, the little girl,

Who felt just like a queen.

Such bountiful, abundant food

Had she not ever seen.


But when the feast was winding down

The burly man returned

And gave her one, concluding gift

That she had sorely earned.


"You are forever welcome here"

The kindly man then spoke

"But now, my dearest, little girl

I think it's time you woke."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Upon the church's rotten door

A sign was on display,

That shouted loud in blood-red ink

That 'you must go away!'


But Isabella heard the groans

Behind her, coming near,

Belonging to the Winter King

Who filled her heart with fear.


She ran into the ruined church

And met with quite a sight

That chilled her to her very core

And filled her soul with fright:


A hundred people gathered there,

All frozen stiff with fear,

With masks of grief and woe and fright

And screams she could not hear. 


She lingered there, among the folk

All trapped, encased in ice.

To tell the scene that she there saw

No words could here suffice.


Forgetting briefly, for a while,

The fright her dream her gave,

She felt inclined to see the church

And wandered round the nave.


Upon the altar lay a book

That shone a golden hue.

A nameless book with scarlet print

She wanted then to view.


But she remembered then with haste

For whom she did there hide

And pondered then a better choice:

To run away, outside.
> You she ran away.
Between the statues, frozen stiff

The little girl did run

She dared not look upon those folk

For fear it might her stun.


Though when she came upon the door,

That slightly stood ajar,

She listened slowly for a sign

If creature was afar.


But she heard not its dreadful voice

Nor heard its laboured groan

And in that single, hopeful sec

She thought she was alone.


With spirits high, she ran outside

Unto the frozen street

And ran away, as swift she could

Upon her weary feet.
> You dead End
Poor Isabella ran and ran

Until her feet were raw.

But not too far behind her then

She heard the monster caw:


"Did you think, you foolish girl

You could hide from me?

That your foolish hiding places

I'm too blind to see?"


The desperate girl then dashed into

A narrow alleyway 

She slogged and floundered through the snow

And sanctioned no delay.


But then she came, to her dismay,

Upon a soaring wall

That, tragically, now blocked her path

And caused her there to stall. 


Then through the narrow alleyway

A blizzard picked up pace

That blinded Isabella's eyes

And clawed across her face.


"Soon now, soon, you little one"

She heard the gloating pine,

"Winter claims your feeble life

And then you will be mine!"


"Just go away, you horrid thing!"

The girl screamed loud and clear

"I want to go to my own home

So let me go, you hear!"


But still the blizzard raged along

And chilled her to her core.

Before too long the girl would find

That she could scream no more.


"My oh my, such disrespect you

Show, to me, your king.

Soon, you'll learn what punishment your

Insolence will bring."


The girl heard all the while, within

That horrid, frozen place,

The laughter of the Winter King

Though never saw his face.


Poor Isabella found that she

Could no more move a bone.

Now weeping in the alleyway

She felt so damn alone.


And in her blindness, in the cold,

Nearby her she heard creep

The vile and horrifying beast.

That soon her life would reap.


A bony hand clasped round her neck

She had no strength to part

And in her soul, she felt a cold

That froze her beating heart.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A coldness lay upon the town

Where Isabella strolled

But sunlight warmed the cobbled streets

That shone in shades of gold.


Its cottages were decked with wreaths

And candles, all aglow.

On every gable roof there lay

A smattering of snow.


And on the sides of every street

As green as they could be,

Stood, dressed in gold and silver gifts,

A shining Christmas tree.


In front of Isabella lay

A market, filled with stalls,

Where tinsel-covered holly wreaths

Concealed the wooden walls.


Around the square lay silent streets

With buildings all throughout,

With homes and shops, a tiny church

Beneath a snowy shroud.


Poor Isabella couldn't choose

What she then wished to see,

But then "let's check this funny place

And see the sights" thought she. 
> You and she turned down a nearby street.
The window panes of every shop

Were frosted o'er with snow

Behind them lay abundant wares

And candles all aglow.


The butcher's shop sold geese so plump,

The baker's fragrant bread,

The woodworker's sold nutcrackers

With hats upon their head.


But no one tended to the shops

Or bought the wares there shown.

In Isabella's dreamland streets

She walked there all alone. 


And though the sun was shining bright,

Which warmed the frosted snows,

Poor Isabella felt a cold

Creep through her sleeping clothes. 


Some goosebumps and a shivered shake

Upon her arms appeared.

Within this unfamiliar town

She was alone, she feared.


Behind her lay the market square

Still filled with cozy stalls.

A tiny church stood to her right

With shining wooden walls.

 
> You she went back to the market.
A thousand Christmas ornaments

Adorned the market square,

That shone beneath the golden sun

And spread the season's flair. 


The stalls were filled with winter treats:

With drinks all nice and hot,

With wooden toys and gifts, all wrapped, 

Warm food, all freshly caught.


But no one tended to the stalls

Or bought the wares there shown.

In Isabella's market dreams

She dwelled there all alone. 


Right in the centre of the square,

She found, now losing hope,

A gleaming, marble pedestal

That held a snowy globe.


Now curious again, she thought

To touch the novel thing,

Though in her head, where fear remained,

Some warning bells did ring.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The window panes of every shop

Were frosted o'er with snow

Behind them lay abundant wares

And candles all aglow.


The butcher's shop sold geese so plump,

The baker's fragrant bread,

The woodworker's sold nutcrackers

With hats upon their head.


But no one tended to the shops

Or bought the wares there shown.

In Isabella's dreamland streets

She walked there all alone. 


And though the sun was shining bright,

Which warmed the frosted snows,

Poor Isabella felt a cold

Creep through her sleeping clothes. 


Some goosebumps and a shivered shake

Upon her arms appeared.

Within this unfamiliar town

She was alone, she feared.


Behind her lay the market square

Still filled with cozy stalls.

A tiny church stood to her right

With shining wooden walls.

 
> You she visited the church.
Upon the church's oaken door

Was nailed a weathered bill

That spoke of festive season's joy

And promised quite a thrill:


"Come one, come all, onto the square

And see the market fair! 

Where you can fill your gut with food,

Enjoy the winter air!"


"So gift a gift, exchange a kiss

Beneath the mistletoe.

Experience a wond'rous time

Let go of all your woe!"


The wooden door was shut and locked,

Not that the girl did mind.

Cause Isabella's only thought

Was market fair to find.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>April 24, 2035 - 5:57pm - Your apartment in Pittsburgh

*** You are Joe, a 27 year-old blonde dude. You have an older brother, William, who is serving in the military right now. His wife Amber is a middle-aged blonde doctor in Pittsburgh. ***

Everything went to shit a long time ago, but people are just now realizing it, you think to yourself as you debate whether or not to go out with friends. It's a Friday night, and your usual gang is over at Robbie's, probably already getting drunk and stoned.

The evening news will be starting soon, however. You've been doing a decent job at keeping up with current events.

Here's what you know so far:

There is no government, the economy has pretty much collapsed, and unemployment is the new epidemic to go along with crime and poverty. You actually lost your job at the steel mill recently due to circumstances out of your control. The state of affairs is a lot like those old dystopian films like Soylent Green or The Running Man.

The only thing keeping some people from blowing their brains out are these radio and TV programs ran by an organization calling itself Orion. You guess they could be related to FDR's fireside chats you've read about in old history books as a kid (that was before educational funding was abolished). Every evening, some dipshit comes on the air and tells the world that everything will be okay, and that all we need to do is trust in Orion and they will fix everything.

6:26pm. The news is over. Same old shit. Some prostitute went fucking insane and shot up an entire stairwell full of sleeping homeless people in downtown Pittsburgh. DOW is down a record 1100 points. For the third time in a row, the Olympics are canceled.

On now, is Orion's fireside chat. They might be able to lift your spirits. But the guys at Robbie's are waiting, and you really need to get fucked up in light of your job loss.
> You watch Orion's telecast
You decide to stay home and (hopefully) gain some enlightenment from this bullshit telecast.

"We now have a solid plan worked out," the Orion representative says, "We have already begun construction of eco-domes over every major city in the world to keep out the effects of pollution and global warming. We have deployed elite military squadrons all over the world in a state of temporary martial law. Crime has dropped significantly in these areas. Poverty has also been nearly abolished by our careful efforts. Please do not panic if you have not yet witnessed these exciting reformations in your area. I assure you we are tirelessly working around the clock with maximum effort and motivation. If you live in one of the following metropolitan areas, you are part of the next Chalk, Chalk 7. Orion will be saving you very soon."

The dude starts listing cities and major towns all over the world, one after another, for several minutes, then concludes with a typical fortune cookie expression of hope.

Among the cities named was Pittsburgh...

You are glad you watched that shit, though you are unsure of whether or not you can trust Orion. Do they really have everyone's best intentions in mind? What gives them the power to do all of this philanthropy?

Oh well, you think. Guess we'll have to wait and find out. It's not like things could get worse...

Right?

After a quiet, uneventful evening to yourself, you hit the sack and surprisingly dream of a better tomorrow.
> The Next Day
You decide to sleep in, since you don't have shit to do today. It's Saturday after all.

You wonder whether or not you should try to find a new job. You don't own a computer and the newspaper stopped coming years ago, so you'd have to go downtown. You could definitely use the money, even if it's a shitty job, but rent is rent and it's almost the end of the month.

Then again, what's available? If you couldn't even stay at a steel mill, how are you supposed to find any other work?

Your thoughts are interrupted by a rumbling outside. You go to the window and look down.

A military convoy and countless troops is rolling through the street. It's Orion - martial law is in effect.

Hope has come to Pittsburgh!
> Two Years Later...
April 5, 2037 - 9:35pm - Your new fung shway Orion living quarters

For the past 2 years, you have been living in a beautiful apartment complex built by Orion. You got your old job back at the steel mill, which has been rebuilt - it is now much cleaner, safer, and you actually enjoy working there.

The air in the city is also much cleaner and the temperature stays at a constant 75 degrees, no matter what season. That's because Orion has built an eco-dome over Pittsburgh, which filters out pollutants and regulates the temperature. It's like living in a giant fucking Astrodome of plexiglass, so you still get the sunshine. And like Orion promised, poverty, crime, unemployment, and all the other shit from before has been pretty much abolished.

The present times are wonderful. Some would say Pittsburgh is like a utopia now. You guess the same could be said all over the world. Orion has gone completely global and they are now the world's government and military. We still have our own military, however, but Orion is obviously considered an ally.

Robbie is now your roommate. He's a pale and scrawny little bastard with a buzz cut, but you get along. Once in a while, his hot brunette hipster girlfriend he doesn't deserve comes over.

Tonight is Friday night and she is there along with the usual gang: Adrian, the big friendly (and black) giant, and Turk and his fairly cute redhead girlfriend, Tiffany. Turk's a little heavy set and wears coke bottle glasses, but has the coolest fro for a white dude you've ever seen.

Just as you're about to light a bowl of chronic, the door is kicked in. In storms a squad of Orion soldiers. Without hesitation, they grab Adrian, Leslie, and Tiffany and storm back out with them. You, Robbie, and Turk are stunned and wonder why they didn't take you.

You feel you should act to save them, but with no weapons, it would be difficult. You knew you should have bought a gun when you had the chance! Then again, there are 3 of you. You might have enough manpower to take down 1 or 2 of the bastards with your bare hands.

"They took my fucking girl!" yells Robbie.

"Mine, too, you dick!" replies Turk. The heartbreak is too much for you to bear, for Turk at least. You hope to have Leslie for yourself, so you agree to attempt the rescue.
> You try to rescue your 3 friends
The 3 of you decide to act fast. With no weapons, you run out into the hall and spot the squad moving for the elevator. They board it, all but one of them who stays behind to secure the area.

"Hey, motherfucker!" yells Robbie just before ducking behind a plant. The soldier snaps his head towards your direction and aims his rifle. You and Turk immediately hide just as Robbie did. The soldier slowly creeps towards you guys. Finally, he is so close, you can touch him. Robbie nods to you and Turk.

You and Turk are able to tackle the bastard and knock him unconscious. On his person is an assault rifle. That will definitely come in handy! Turk also grabs the dude's sidearm, a 9mm pistol.

Then he proceeds to shoot the dude in the fucking head, killing him in his unconscious state.

"Damn, Turk! That's fucked up!" you say.

Don't want him sneaking up on us when he wakes up, right?" Turk replies. Well, he has a point.

Just then, there's a huge explosion behind your group. Your apartment has just been obliterated by a stray tank shell. The 3 of you are stunned, but okay. Good thing you weren't in there!

You and your friends quickly head down the stairs to try to intercept the elevator. You manage to get to the lobby before Orion does. The lobby is filled with rubble and shattered glass. Outside, a tank rolls by.

World War III has just begun! Our military is rebelling against Orion, but why? Aren't we allies, you wonder.

The elevator opens...

Turk claims he can take care of the troops that come out with just the pistol. He has roughly 14 shots. You have a full assault rifle clip, on the other hand.
> You save your ammo, led Turk handle it
Inside the elevator, you see the bodies of Leslie, Adrian, and Tiffany. Those fucking Orion bastards executed them!

"NO! TIFF, SWEETHEART! FUCK YOU, MOTHERFUCKERS!" Turk goes batshit crazy with his pistol and manages to take down 2 of the soldiers, but eventually they get the better of him - he's gunned down. Robbie, unarmed, is immediately shot in the head.

Without the element of surprise, your assault rifle is pretty much useless against the rest of the elite squad. Without any urban warfare training (or training, period), you don't stand a chance.

After a short-lived firefight, you are gunned down as well...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The 3 of you decide to act fast. With no weapons, you run out into the hall and spot the squad moving for the elevator. They board it, all but one of them who stays behind to secure the area.

"Hey, motherfucker!" yells Robbie just before ducking behind a plant. The soldier snaps his head towards your direction and aims his rifle. You and Turk immediately hide just as Robbie did. The soldier slowly creeps towards you guys. Finally, he is so close, you can touch him. Robbie nods to you and Turk.

You and Turk are able to tackle the bastard and knock him unconscious. On his person is an assault rifle. That will definitely come in handy! Turk also grabs the dude's sidearm, a 9mm pistol.

Then he proceeds to shoot the dude in the fucking head, killing him in his unconscious state.

"Damn, Turk! That's fucked up!" you say.

Don't want him sneaking up on us when he wakes up, right?" Turk replies. Well, he has a point.

Just then, there's a huge explosion behind your group. Your apartment has just been obliterated by a stray tank shell. The 3 of you are stunned, but okay. Good thing you weren't in there!

You and your friends quickly head down the stairs to try to intercept the elevator. You manage to get to the lobby before Orion does. The lobby is filled with rubble and shattered glass. Outside, a tank rolls by.

World War III has just begun! Our military is rebelling against Orion, but why? Aren't we allies, you wonder.

The elevator opens...

Turk claims he can take care of the troops that come out with just the pistol. He has roughly 14 shots. You have a full assault rifle clip, on the other hand.
> You turk doesn't pack enough heat, light 'em up with the rifle!
Inside the elevator, you see the bodies of Leslie, Adrian, and Tiffany. Those fucking Orion bastards executed them!

You go batshit crazy with the assault rifle and manage to get the jump on the Orion squad. They are all killed in a matter of seconds.

The 3 of you walk over and stock up on weapons and ammo from the dead soldiers. Robbie then walks over and kneels next to Leslie's body and just looks at her a moment before standing up again.

"Let's get out of here," he says. What a heartless dick, you think, he deserves this grief.

The 3 of you sneak out into the street and it's utter chaos. The Alliance is fighting Orion everywhere you look. Tank shells are exploding, buildings are collapsing, men are dying.

"Where are we gonna go, dudes?" asks Turk.

You realize your brother William might be able to help if you go to his place, but he's more than likely fighting Orion right now. Plus, his place is far, especially on foot.

Perhaps the Alliance soldiers in front of your building would know where he is, but that means being right in the line of fire. Alternatively, you could go up to Turk's apartment - he lives in the same building as you and Robbie. Perhaps it is still intact and you can turn on the TV and find out everything that's going on, but the building's been receiving one hell of a shelling.
> You consult with nearby Alliance soldiers
The 3 of you approach a nearby squadron of Alliance soldiers pinned down by Orion machine guns. The Captain in charge sees you as you crouch behind the sandbag next to him.

"What the fuck are you doing here? You guys are civvies!"

"We have guns," you say, "That should count for something. I was hoping you could tell me where Sergeant William Bradley is."

"Yeah, he went looking for his dumb-ass stoner brother."

"Fuck you, man! So he's in there?" you ask as you point to your apartment building.

"Yeah, he took a squad through the side door in the alley. Said his brother is on the third floor. I ain't going in there, though. That shit's coming down any minute!"

Suddenly, a massive group of fucked up looking people come running towards you.

"GET THE FUCK BACK! GET OUT OF THE STREET!" yells the Captain, but they don't seem to listen. Strangely, they're also growling and snarling.

Then they attack Robbie and Turk and start to bite into them! They rip them apart and even start tearing their guts out!

"Shit! They got out!" says the Captain before he's devoured by these maniacal people. To make matters worse, your apartment building finally collapses and starts to fall right into the street. Not wanting to stick around to get cannibalized or crushed, you're only choice is to head to William's.
> You go to your brother William's
You barely escape from the atrocities in the street. The only reason you are able to get away is because the crazies are too busy eating your friends and the Captain.

Just then, your apartment building finally collapses into the street and onto part of the adjacent parking garage, where your car is. It has crushed most of the fucked up cannibals, but there are still dozens of them coming at you from the alleys. They also swarm the parking garage. You doubt you will be able to get to your car now, but William's place is far on foot and you don't think you can outrun these fuckers for long. You are also very low on ammo for your assault rifle.
> You need your car - shoot your way into the parking garage
You decide to attempt to make your way into the garage. Your car is on the second level, so you have to get to the stairs.

You manage to kill your way past the crazies and make it up the stairs, but you run out of ammo.

The second level appears to be deserted. You run to your car and find it perfectly fine. The collapse had just missed it. You can hear the growls of the crazies and gunfire of the war echoing throughout the garage.

You hop into your car and drive to the exit ramp. It is blocked by a crowd of those fucked up cannibals.
> You won't be able to drive through them - head for the top floor
Your piece of shit car can't run over this many people, you think, as you reverse back up the ramp.

You drive up to the top level of the garage, stop the car, and get out. You notice a helicopter flying low over the nearby rooftops.

You can hear the crazies coming up the ramp - they'll be on the top level any second now. You've got the get off the garage!

There's a building next to the garage, about the same height. You think you can make the jump.

Then again, if you could signal that helicopter, you'd be rescued, but it might take a while to get over to you, if it even spots you at all.
> You flash your car's lights to attract the helicopter
You frantically flash your car's brights, and even try turning the lights on and off over and over, but the helicopter never seems to see you. It just keeps on flying...

The crazies have made it to the top level. In your state of panic, you don't notice what's going on behind you...

One of the zombies takes a chomp out of your neck. The rest soon join in the feast...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your piece of shit car can't run over this many people, you think, as you reverse back up the ramp.

You drive up to the top level of the garage, stop the car, and get out. You notice a helicopter flying low over the nearby rooftops.

You can hear the crazies coming up the ramp - they'll be on the top level any second now. You've got the get off the garage!

There's a building next to the garage, about the same height. You think you can make the jump.

Then again, if you could signal that helicopter, you'd be rescued, but it might take a while to get over to you, if it even spots you at all.
> The helicopter won't get to you in time - jump to the other roof
You decide to take the fast way off the garage. The helicopter is just too damn far, you think.

You walk away from your car and line yourself up to get a good running jump. You start your run and leap from the edge with all of your strength.

You make it! You clear the edge of the other roof and perform a somersault, just like they do in the movies.

"Fuck yeah!" You turn around and see the crazies swarming your car. "Yeah, suck it, zombies!"

Your celebration is short-lived, however, when you spot an Orion squad storm onto the roof from the roof access door. You quickly hide behind the air duct apparatus.
> You stand up and surrender - otherwise, they'll kill you if they find you!
You stand up and put your hands in the air. "Don't shoot!" There's no point in trying to evade an elite team of soldiers.

But Orion's no longer taking prisoners. You saw what they did to your friends in the elevator.

Upon spotting you, they don't hesitate to shoot you in the head...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to take the fast way off the garage. The helicopter is just too damn far, you think.

You walk away from your car and line yourself up to get a good running jump. You start your run and leap from the edge with all of your strength.

You make it! You clear the edge of the other roof and perform a somersault, just like they do in the movies.

"Fuck yeah!" You turn around and see the crazies swarming your car. "Yeah, suck it, zombies!"

Your celebration is short-lived, however, when you spot an Orion squad storm onto the roof from the roof access door. You quickly hide behind the air duct apparatus.
> You stay hidden and wait for them to leave
"All clear!" one of the squad members calls out. They storm back down into the building. It looks like Orion's searching the entire city for any and all survivors! They're exterminating humanity!

A little while later, with no way else down, you have no choice but to follow behind them through the roof access door.

The building is another apartment building. The hallways are filled with dead bodies, bullet holes, and streaks of blood on the walls. There are also half-eaten corpses with their guts exposed.

Holy fuck! you think to yourself, as you progress through the building, trying every possible door.

Room after room are filled with innocent people murdered in cold blood in their own homes. In one of the apartments you enter, there is blood and guts all over the floor and walls. There are a dozen or so of those crazies kneeling down or sitting against the wall...

They're feeding on human body parts...

You immediately close the door and a wave of horrific trauma hits you. You'll never be able to get that out of your head. Guess Orion wasn't as thorough as they thought.

Eventually, you make it down to the first story, a Chinese restaurant. In the preceding chaos, you couldn't hold onto your rifle. You could use a weapon now.

But right outside is a Humvee - you can hear it's engine still running...
> You search the kitchen for a weapon first
You walk into the kitchen of the restaurant. Inside, you see a young Chinese woman closely holding a little Chinese girl. The little girl is crying, and the woman looks scared to death. When she sees you, she pulls her daughter closer to her.
> You say nothing, grab a butcher's knife, and walk out
You walk over and grab a big-ass butcher's knife from the counter. This is what you came for, you think, you don't have time to help others.

As you turn around to walk out, a crazy Chinese man, presumably the restaurant owner, is coming at you with a meat cleaver.

"You mudda fooka! You try eat my famry! You die, zombie man!"

Before you can say anything, the crazy bastard drives the cleaver right into your forehead...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk into the kitchen of the restaurant. Inside, you see a young Chinese woman closely holding a little Chinese girl. The little girl is crying, and the woman looks scared to death. When she sees you, she pulls her daughter closer to her.
> You say "It's okay, I'm not going to hurt you!"
The little girl continues to whimper quietly.

Just then, you notice a Chinese dude behind you, holding a meat cleaver. He is mad-dogging you with an evil stare.

"It's alright," you say again, "What are your names?"

The man finally lowers the cleaver and responds, "I am Chang. Dat is my wife Kiki and my daughta Mooki."

"Well," you respond, "It is nice to meet all of you. Would you happen to know a way out of this shit?"

Just then, the dude looks at his wife, who nods back at him. Then the dude fucking cuts your left hand off and punches you out!

When you wake up, it is Saturday afternoon. Your nub has been cauterized. You are in what looks like a cage in a junkyard. There are countless other cages with people in them.

It's a goddamn slave camp...those Chinese fuckers thought ahead!

With Chang and Kiki as your masters, you and the other slaves are brutally worked nearly to death day in and day out for years - building the shanty town in the junkyard, salvaging material from the scrap metal, sometimes even being forced into prostitution for the people in the shanty town.

At one point, you are forced into a cage match with a couple of zombies for their entertainment!

This is your new life...there is no hope...did you expect the apocalypse to be pleasant?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"All clear!" one of the squad members calls out. They storm back down into the building. It looks like Orion's searching the entire city for any and all survivors! They're exterminating humanity!

A little while later, with no way else down, you have no choice but to follow behind them through the roof access door.

The building is another apartment building. The hallways are filled with dead bodies, bullet holes, and streaks of blood on the walls. There are also half-eaten corpses with their guts exposed.

Holy fuck! you think to yourself, as you progress through the building, trying every possible door.

Room after room are filled with innocent people murdered in cold blood in their own homes. In one of the apartments you enter, there is blood and guts all over the floor and walls. There are a dozen or so of those crazies kneeling down or sitting against the wall...

They're feeding on human body parts...

You immediately close the door and a wave of horrific trauma hits you. You'll never be able to get that out of your head. Guess Orion wasn't as thorough as they thought.

Eventually, you make it down to the first story, a Chinese restaurant. In the preceding chaos, you couldn't hold onto your rifle. You could use a weapon now.

But right outside is a Humvee - you can hear it's engine still running...
> No time - get to that Humvee!
You decide to make a run for the Humvee. There should be weapons inside, you think.

As you step out of the restaurant, you are still in a war zone. The night lights up with explosions and gunfire all round. You can hear agonizing screaming of soldiers and the snarls of zombies. This is a pretty fucked situation.

You get to the Humvee and, to your luck, there's nothing in it but an assault rifle.

You begin driving to William's place, which is in Fox Chapel on the north end of town. You begin crossing the Highland Park Bridge, which takes you into Fox Chapel. Luckily, there's not much traffic yet, what with people trying to leave the city and all.

Suddenly, the Humvee dies on the bridge. You ran out of gas! In the chaos, you didn't think to check the fuel level.

Confused, you get out and notice a dripping underneath the Humvee. A bullet must have hit the gas tank, and it all leaked out! Shit!
> You cross the bridge on foot
It's not much further, you decide. You manage to cross the bridge and traverse the streets of Fox Chapel with the rifle you found in the Humvee.

Once in a while, you are attacked by a zombie, but nothing you can't handle.

You run out of ammo, but you finally make it to William's.
> You go inside the house
Upon walking in, you see William and Amber in the kitchen.

"Thank God - Joe!" says Will, "I tried to find you at your apartment before it came down. We need to get you out of the city. I've already packed you 2 plenty of food, guns, ammo, clothing - that sort of thing."

"What's going on? Why is Orion killing everybody?"

"It's all part of their 'Final Solution,' just like the Nazis had over 90 years ago. They were throwing nearly everyone in concentration camps, forcing them to work, performing horrendous experiments on them. But now, I guess they're exterminating everyone in response to the outbreak."

"The outbreak? You mean the zombies?"

"Yeah, the, er, zombies. They developed this toxin that can reanimate dead tissue. When the bodies started piling up, the Orion personnel decided to use the toxin on them. Thing is, the dead people that came back weren't themselves at all...my unit saw...they overran the entire camp...Orion couldn't contain it...the dead, they..."

Will puts his hand to his mouth, clears his throat, and swallows, "they fed on people - my men, Orion's men, civilians - pretty much anyone they could catch."

"Shit, I saw it, too. It's awful, what's happening."

William goes into the kitchen and comes back with the provisions he packed.

"Look, you and Amber need to get to the dropship at the airport. Obviously, it's outside of the dome, so I'll have to get you guys past the entry/exit checkpoint. Once you're at the airport, just get on the dropship. Don't worry about me - I'm being evacuated, also, with the rest of the Alliance military. We're going to the same place as you and all of the civilians, so I'll see you there."

You look at Will like he's fucking crazy. "Dropship? Evacuation? Where are we going?"

"Damn it, I thought you liked keeping up on the news! The entire planet is shuttling itself into space and living aboard the ships until The Frontier can be colonized. The Frontier is an inhabitable planet on the edge of the galaxy...humanity's starting a new life there..."

You can't believe it! All those late night conversations you used to have with your friends while stoned out of your mind about space colonization - you never thought it would actually come to fruition!

"We need to leave now," Will continues, "or else we'll be stuck here."

So the 3 of you pack up all of the provisions into Will's jeep, then head for the airport. When you get to the security checkpoint to leave the eco-dome, it has been overrun by zombies. They are feeding on the bodies of the Orion guards.

"Serves them right," mutters Amber.

Will continues driving, and you eventually get to the airport. Just as you expected, the traffic is horrendous going into the airport. The 3 of you get out of the jeep, grab the provisions, and head for the terminal on foot.

The crowds of people have jammed themselves in the terminal, desperate to get on the dropship.

"Shit! There's no way they're going to get you on the ship with all these people," says Will, "I might be able to sneak you guys on the military ship with me. We're boarding on the runway right now."
> You go for the military ship
"Let's go for your ship, Will."

The 3 of you run to the runway and Will shows his military ID to the guard by the entrance ramp onto the ship.

"No guests, sir," he says.

"Listen, private," replies Will, "I outrank you. If you wanna keep what little of a life you have, you're gonna left these 2 on with me."

"Sorry, sir, that's against regulations. Only military personnel on this ship. Have your friends process through the terminal to the civilian ship. They will let them on."

"Friends?!?!? THIS IS MY FUCKING FAMILY!!!" Will starts to lose his cool and looks like he's about to cap this dipshit private.

He looks at you, as if hoping you can speak for him.
> You say "It's cool, Will. We'll head for the civilian ship. You take this one."
"I'm gonna make sure you guys make it on before I even think of leaving this planet!" says Will. What a guy.

The 3 of you head for the terminal, where the civilians must be processed onto the dropship.

You can barely even get inside it's so crowded. The whole damn city's there! The 3 of you push through the crowd to get to the processing kiosks.

Suddenly, on a loudspeaker, a voice announces that the ship is launching in 5 minutes and they can only take children and women from this point on.

"Shit!" you yell, "Amber, you need to get on there, now! Get in the processing line."

"Forget it," she replies, "I'm not leaving you 2."

"Amber," replies Will calmly, "baby, he's right. You need to go now."

A tear rolls down her cheek, "I-I can't do that."

Suddenly, the crowd is screaming and panicking and pushing their way deeper into the terminal away from the main doors.

You look and see a huge horde of zombies pouring into the building.

"Oh my God," Will says quietly and grabs your arm and Amber's and pushes through the crowd.

Behind you, the zombies are having a feeding frenzy on the poor bastards that were too close to the doors. The rest of the crowd isn't so lucky, either, as countless more zombies chase them down and pull them to the ground.

Soon enough, all around you, countless zombies are attacking people, tackling, pulling guts out, tearing necks open.

The 3 of you book it through the enormous areas of the airport terminal, trying not to get trampled or eaten.

"There!" Amber points to a maintenance door that opens towards you. You head for it and enter it. The zombies behind you slam against the door and claw at the window.

You are now in a long, white hallway. It's very sterile and quiet compared to the screaming and bloodshed occurring on the other side of the door.

"This hallway should take us to the runway where the dropship is," says Will.

You head down the hall towards the runway. You manage to get outside and there she is! The dropship is enormous, probably capable of holding tens of thousands.

Suddenly, the engines ignite and the ship takes off. Thousands of people on the runway are left behind, shrieking in panic.

Then more zombies come across the runway and attack that crowd.

"Let's go!" says Will. The 3 of you head for a garage where they keep the aircraft maintenance vehicles and luggage towing trucks.

Inside is an old, scruffy-looking mechanic in his blue coveralls, smoking a cigar. He's sitting at his workbench with a shotgun in his lap.

"You in a barn?" he asks, "Close the damn door!"

You close the damn door then approach the window to see outside.

"Don't do that," continues the mechanic, "Orion's usin' night vision this evenin'."

"Orion's out there?"

"That's right. Been killin' everybody out there. People and geezers alike. They were tryin' to keep people off the dropship at first. Then they musta got word of the geezers comin'. They left before they could be turned into supper, know what I mean? But they're watchin' us still. I can feel it, and they'll be back to finish what they started."

"Why didn't you try to get on the dropship?" asks Will, "All of the airport personnel get guaranteed passage."

"Thought about it. Not worth it."

"Why not?" you ask.

"Motion sickness. Had it since I was a little boy."

Will looks at the mechanic like he has 3 heads. "What the hell kind of an excuse is that?"

"Look, are we gonna sit here and chat all night, or do you wanna get the hell on outta here?"

"But you just said Orion's out there," you say.

"Well they ain't gonna let us stay here for long, I can guarantee you that."
> You stay in the garage
"Let's wait it out a minute," you suggest.

"Alright," replies the mechanic, "you're the boss."

"What's your name, anyway?"

"Name's Augustus. Just call me Gus."

"Alright, Gus," says Amber, "What do we do now?"

"Well, seein' as we're kinda stuck in here, why don't we make ourselves more comfortable?"

Suddenly, Gus shoots you and Will in the leg with his shotgun. The 2 of you fall to the ground in agony, bleeding all over the floor.

Then he rushes over to Amber and grabs her gun before she can use it. The bastard throws it away, tears off Amber's shirt and jeans and rapes her! You and Will lie helpless, watching.

"YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT!" yells Will as he breaks down into tears.
> You have to stop Gus! - Crawl your way toward Amber's gun
When Gus threw Amber's gun, it landed just several feet from you. So you begin to crawl toward it with all of your strength.

Meanwhile, Gus is having his way with Amber who is pinned against the workbench. His shotgun is still slung over his shoulder.

Just as you get to the gun on the floor, Gus sees you out of the corner of his eye.

"Oh no you don't!" he says as he turns around and blasts you with the shotgun...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Let's wait it out a minute," you suggest.

"Alright," replies the mechanic, "you're the boss."

"What's your name, anyway?"

"Name's Augustus. Just call me Gus."

"Alright, Gus," says Amber, "What do we do now?"

"Well, seein' as we're kinda stuck in here, why don't we make ourselves more comfortable?"

Suddenly, Gus shoots you and Will in the leg with his shotgun. The 2 of you fall to the ground in agony, bleeding all over the floor.

Then he rushes over to Amber and grabs her gun before she can use it. The bastard throws it away, tears off Amber's shirt and jeans and rapes her! You and Will lie helpless, watching.

"YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT!" yells Will as he breaks down into tears.
> You there's nothing you can do - wait it out and maybe help will come
Unfortunately, no one comes to save you. You and Will pass out from the gunshot wound.

When you wake up, the 3 of you are lying on a cement floor. You have no idea what time it is or where you are.

Your hands are chained to the cement wall. The entire room is a concrete block save for what looks like a mirror across from the 3 of you.

Over an intercom system, you hear a voice, "Your wounds have been treated and you are safe."

"What is this?" asks Will.

"We found you at the airport. You were under some stress due to an individual by the name of Augustus. He will no longer be a problem."

Just then, a section of the wall opens. It is a door you didn't notice. In walks a man in a suit holding a file. He walks over to you and shows you a photo from the file. It is of a nearly completely devoured body wearing a jumpsuit - the nametag says Augustus.

"Jesus," Amber says, "What happened exactly? Where are we?"

"I understand you have questions," the man in the suit replies, "Let me begin by introducing myself. I am Leon."

"What the hell is this?" Will asks again, yanking at his chains.

"You are in a place of research. We are merely interested in finding a cure for Experiment 28, or just E-28. You probably know it better as the 'zombie' toxin. You see, we developed E-28, and now we must find a way to destroy it."

"Orion..." you say, "Son of a bitch!"

"You let us go right fucking now!" yells Will.

"I'm afraid I cannot do that," replies Leon, "We are on the verge of discovering something promising here."

"So why do you need us?" asks Amber.

"Excellent question..." Leon walks back out and goes back behind the mirror. You realize now that it's a double-sided mirror, like the kind you see in an interrogation room.

Just then, another section of the wall opens up underneath the glass and in storms a horde of zombies!

"WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS!?!?" yells Will yet again.

The majority of the zombies go for Will first. Some of the others go for you, and the fewest number go for Amber.

Those Orion fuckers probably want to see what type of human meat the zombies enjoy most! Apparently, whoever has the most meat on their bones is the most desirable.

As you are eaten alive, you can't help but think this is Orion's idea of "research."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I'm gonna make sure you guys make it on before I even think of leaving this planet!" says Will. What a guy.

The 3 of you head for the terminal, where the civilians must be processed onto the dropship.

You can barely even get inside it's so crowded. The whole damn city's there! The 3 of you push through the crowd to get to the processing kiosks.

Suddenly, on a loudspeaker, a voice announces that the ship is launching in 5 minutes and they can only take children and women from this point on.

"Shit!" you yell, "Amber, you need to get on there, now! Get in the processing line."

"Forget it," she replies, "I'm not leaving you 2."

"Amber," replies Will calmly, "baby, he's right. You need to go now."

A tear rolls down her cheek, "I-I can't do that."

Suddenly, the crowd is screaming and panicking and pushing their way deeper into the terminal away from the main doors.

You look and see a huge horde of zombies pouring into the building.

"Oh my God," Will says quietly and grabs your arm and Amber's and pushes through the crowd.

Behind you, the zombies are having a feeding frenzy on the poor bastards that were too close to the doors. The rest of the crowd isn't so lucky, either, as countless more zombies chase them down and pull them to the ground.

Soon enough, all around you, countless zombies are attacking people, tackling, pulling guts out, tearing necks open.

The 3 of you book it through the enormous areas of the airport terminal, trying not to get trampled or eaten.

"There!" Amber points to a maintenance door that opens towards you. You head for it and enter it. The zombies behind you slam against the door and claw at the window.

You are now in a long, white hallway. It's very sterile and quiet compared to the screaming and bloodshed occurring on the other side of the door.

"This hallway should take us to the runway where the dropship is," says Will.

You head down the hall towards the runway. You manage to get outside and there she is! The dropship is enormous, probably capable of holding tens of thousands.

Suddenly, the engines ignite and the ship takes off. Thousands of people on the runway are left behind, shrieking in panic.

Then more zombies come across the runway and attack that crowd.

"Let's go!" says Will. The 3 of you head for a garage where they keep the aircraft maintenance vehicles and luggage towing trucks.

Inside is an old, scruffy-looking mechanic in his blue coveralls, smoking a cigar. He's sitting at his workbench with a shotgun in his lap.

"You in a barn?" he asks, "Close the damn door!"

You close the damn door then approach the window to see outside.

"Don't do that," continues the mechanic, "Orion's usin' night vision this evenin'."

"Orion's out there?"

"That's right. Been killin' everybody out there. People and geezers alike. They were tryin' to keep people off the dropship at first. Then they musta got word of the geezers comin'. They left before they could be turned into supper, know what I mean? But they're watchin' us still. I can feel it, and they'll be back to finish what they started."

"Why didn't you try to get on the dropship?" asks Will, "All of the airport personnel get guaranteed passage."

"Thought about it. Not worth it."

"Why not?" you ask.

"Motion sickness. Had it since I was a little boy."

Will looks at the mechanic like he has 3 heads. "What the hell kind of an excuse is that?"

"Look, are we gonna sit here and chat all night, or do you wanna get the hell on outta here?"

"But you just said Orion's out there," you say.

"Well they ain't gonna let us stay here for long, I can guarantee you that."
> You leave the garage and try to escape the airport
"We're not waiting here to die," you say, "Let's get going."

So the 3 of you leave the garage and walk out onto the runway. It is completely deserted and pitch black. The majority of the zombies have moved on to find more victims elsewhere.

As you make your way back to your vehicles, you spot half-eaten corpses and lone zombies wandering around.

"Don't shoot them," says Will, "We can sneak past."

Suddenly, when you approach the gate that leads back to the cars from the runway, the gate opens. Behind you, an Orion convoy of trucks is rumbling toward the gate!

"Go-go-go!" whispers Will as the 3 of you rush behind a building.

"Shit, Will," you say, "That might be our only way out."
> You stay hidden and let the convoy pass
You decide that it is too risky to try to get on one of the trucks. You stay where you are and let the convoy leave the airport.

"Where do you think it was going?" you ask.

"Probably to their dropship downtown," replies Amber, "Doesn't matter now. We need to get to the cars...Will?"

You look and Will is sitting against the wall, staring down at the ground in deep thought. He stands up and puts his arm around Amber and holds her close, "I know this situation's far from ideal, but we're all together now. We have plenty of provisions. We just need to find a place to-"

Just then, the 3 of you hear the crackle of a radio. You turn around and in the distance are 3 or 4 zombies feeding on a corpse. The radio is a walkie-talkie on the belt of the corpse. As you approach it, you and William dispatch the zombies with your weapons.

The corpse is an Orion soldier! The radio crackles again. On the other end is the voice of a distressed Orion soldier and lots of gunfire:

"Mayday, mayday. Calling all districts. This is Delta 4-6, Seattle district. We are overrun by the contaminants, I repeat - we are overrun by the contaminants. Dropship liftoff has been terminated. The pilot and co-pilot are both deceased. I am the only one left. Please respond, over."

"Orion's evacuating, too!" you say.

The transmission continues:

"I repeat - mayday, mayday. Calling all districts. This is Delta 4-6, are there any units still remaining on the surface? I repeat - are there any-AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!-"

You hear the snarls of zombies just before the transmission cuts off, then silence...

After a short while, William finally has an idea, "That dropship...in Seattle...what if we could get to it? Earth is completely abandoned - besides that convoy, we're probably the only people that heard that distress signal. That ship is waiting for us!"

William kneels down and picks up the soldier's assault rifle, stands back up, and tosses his shotgun to Amber.

"Grab your toothbrushes...we're going to Seattle!"
> The Road to Seattle...
The 3 of you decide it is best to investigate this dropship. Maybe it's there, maybe it isn't, but you're accomplishing nothing by staying in Pittsburgh.

The 3 of you hop into your vehicle with all of the provisions and start the journey westward.

What lies ahead? Where is safe? Can you really make it? Find out soon!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"We're not waiting here to die," you say, "Let's get going."

So the 3 of you leave the garage and walk out onto the runway. It is completely deserted and pitch black. The majority of the zombies have moved on to find more victims elsewhere.

As you make your way back to your vehicles, you spot half-eaten corpses and lone zombies wandering around.

"Don't shoot them," says Will, "We can sneak past."

Suddenly, when you approach the gate that leads back to the cars from the runway, the gate opens. Behind you, an Orion convoy of trucks is rumbling toward the gate!

"Go-go-go!" whispers Will as the 3 of you rush behind a building.

"Shit, Will," you say, "That might be our only way out."
> You sneak onto the last truck
"Okay," replies Will, "Let's go for it!"

The 3 of you manage to sneak aboard the last truck, which is filled with crates. You open them and discover they are filled with food!

"Fuck yeah!" you say.

"Okay," says Will, "This is good. We just need to stay hidden back here and hope wherever we're going will get us off this rock."

"Right on," replies Amber, "Orion's gonna want to evacuate, too."

The convoy drives on and on for hours before finally stopping. The truck you are in turns off.

"Let's go!" whispers Will, "They're gonna come back here!"

The 3 of you jump out and sneak underneath the truck. Looking around from under the truck, you can see that it is dawn and you are at some sort of military base.

"Holy shit," says Will, pointing towards a dropship!

"Okay, okay, uhhh," you start, "Okay, we need to get over there, right?"

"Yes, of course. We just need to wait until we don't hear any more footsteps."

After several minutes of Orion soldiers unpacking the trucks, you don't hear any more footsteps.

Suddenly, the trucks start up again and begin to drive away. The 3 of you are left lying on the pavement.

"Shit! Now!" says Will.

The 3 of you quickly get up and run for the dropship. You manage to get there unscathed and unseen.

Aboard is only the pilot and co-pilot.

You and Will draw your guns on them, and they quickly put their hands up.

"You fly us the fuck out of here or so help me I will feed you this fucking clip," says Will. Amber smiles at this. What a badass!

To your surprise, the pilots are willing to help you. They start the countdown procedures.

Suddenly, hearing the engines starting, a large team of Orion soldiers run for the dropship. Realizing something is wrong, they open fire on the ship.

As bullets ricochet off of the bulletproof windshield, you and Will yell at the pilots to hurry up.

Some of the soldiers blast open the door to get in. A firefight ensues, and you and Will are able to fend off the soldiers and re-close the door.

Finally, the dropship takes off, en route to the Frontier, a new world...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Let's go for your ship, Will."

The 3 of you run to the runway and Will shows his military ID to the guard by the entrance ramp onto the ship.

"No guests, sir," he says.

"Listen, private," replies Will, "I outrank you. If you wanna keep what little of a life you have, you're gonna left these 2 on with me."

"Sorry, sir, that's against regulations. Only military personnel on this ship. Have your friends process through the terminal to the civilian ship. They will let them on."

"Friends?!?!? THIS IS MY FUCKING FAMILY!!!" Will starts to lose his cool and looks like he's about to cap this dipshit private.

He looks at you, as if hoping you can speak for him.
> You say "Yeah, fuck you! We're family!"
The private gives you a tired, angry look. Then he gets on his radio.

"Colonel, I've got a situation here at the Pittsburgh unit. Civilian resistance, over."

The other side answers, "Eliminate all resistance. There's no time for that shit."

"Roger that." The soldier doesn't hesitate to raise his rifle and mow the 3 of you down...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to make a run for the Humvee. There should be weapons inside, you think.

As you step out of the restaurant, you are still in a war zone. The night lights up with explosions and gunfire all round. You can hear agonizing screaming of soldiers and the snarls of zombies. This is a pretty fucked situation.

You get to the Humvee and, to your luck, there's nothing in it but an assault rifle.

You begin driving to William's place, which is in Fox Chapel on the north end of town. You begin crossing the Highland Park Bridge, which takes you into Fox Chapel. Luckily, there's not much traffic yet, what with people trying to leave the city and all.

Suddenly, the Humvee dies on the bridge. You ran out of gas! In the chaos, you didn't think to check the fuel level.

Confused, you get out and notice a dripping underneath the Humvee. A bullet must have hit the gas tank, and it all leaked out! Shit!
> You stop another vehicle and ask for a ride
A car approaches your Humvee. You flag the driver down, but he doesn't seem to want to stop. He probably thinks you're a damn zombie. Even when you raise your rifle, the driver speeds up. He has you lined up, and only the concrete barrier and fenced edge of the bridge is behind you.

To avoid the oncoming car, you have no choice but to jump onto the fence and climb up as much as you can. The car smashes a hole right through the barrier and fence before diving into the Allegheny River below.

The impact knocks you off of the fence and you fall into the river as well. Hitting the water knocks you unconscious.

When you wake up, you're beached somewhere on the north bank of the Ohio River. It is daylight, probably Saturday morning.
> The Room...
You stagger onto land, completely unaware of where you ended up. You decide to try to find a road or any means of having a fair shot.

After a long walk, you finally discover what appears to be an abandoned fire house for a nearby small town. Then you hear rapid footsteps approaching you from behind. You turn and see a German Shepherd, all alone! He looks up at you with enthusiasm. It's probably been hours since he's eaten or seen anybody.

You decide to take a look inside the fire house and the dog follows you. The upstairs is completely stocked with survival gear! Food, water, medicine, clothing, everything you need to live for years!

But no weapons...save for a revolver with 2 shots - the other 4 have already been shot. You unfortunately lost all of your gear in the river.

You wonder why, then it is clear - the bodies of 4 fire fighters who opted out...

"Oh God," you mutter. The dog whimpers at you. "Okay, I know you're hungry. So am I."

For what seems like an eternity, you and the dog survive together on the rations stocked by the fire fighters.

You are totally isolated from civilization here - you haven't seen a zombie since the night you fell in the river.

Loneliness and boredom are the real enemies here. Without that dog, you would be lost. You would probably just opt out as well. The dog becomes your best friend and true companion, comforting you when you can't help but think of all of the people you lost.

Suddenly, one day, a band of thugs on motorcycles comes by. They are ruthless-looking, armed with heavy weapons and wearing spikes and hockey masks. It's a death squad...

They are whooping and hollering, taking pot shots at your domicile. Shit, they must know you're in there!

Just then, a huge horde of zombies comes rushing out of the nearby forest and attacks the thugs. They exchange fire for as long as they can, mowing down the horde, but most of them are eventually devoured. Some of them get inside the fire house and make their way up to the second floor where you and the dog are.

You decide it is best to save the 2 shots. You use the fire ax to fight off the thugs, but it doesn't prevent the zombies from pouring into the building as well.

You know what you have to do. You barricade the upstairs door as best you can, grab the revolver, and hold the dog close to you, crying.

The zombies claw at the door relentlessly. Just as you expected, they break through and storm your domicile.

You shoot the dog in the head, then you put the barrel in your mouth and pull the trigger...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to attempt to make your way into the garage. Your car is on the second level, so you have to get to the stairs.

You manage to kill your way past the crazies and make it up the stairs, but you run out of ammo.

The second level appears to be deserted. You run to your car and find it perfectly fine. The collapse had just missed it. You can hear the growls of the crazies and gunfire of the war echoing throughout the garage.

You hop into your car and drive to the exit ramp. It is blocked by a crowd of those fucked up cannibals.
> You need to get out of the garage - run them down with your car!
You slam the gas pedal to the floor and ram into the crowd of crazies. Your piece of shit car is immediately totaled and you get slammed into the steering wheel, breaking many of your ribs (there's no airbag).

There is blood all over the windshield from the crazies you hit. It takes all of your strength to climb into the back seat to try to get out of one of the rear doors.

Unfortunately, the zombies are able to smash through the windshield. They crawl in and pull you out. On the hood of your car, you are devoured by these fucking crazy zombies...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You barely escape from the atrocities in the street. The only reason you are able to get away is because the crazies are too busy eating your friends and the Captain.

Just then, your apartment building finally collapses into the street and onto part of the adjacent parking garage, where your car is. It has crushed most of the fucked up cannibals, but there are still dozens of them coming at you from the alleys. They also swarm the parking garage. You doubt you will be able to get to your car now, but William's place is far on foot and you don't think you can outrun these fuckers for long. You are also very low on ammo for your assault rifle.
> You continue to William's on foot - you need to get safe before worrying about transportation
The parking garage is overrun by zombies, you think to yourself, what the fuck is going on?

You begin to run for William's place on the north side of town, picking off zombies here and there with your rifle. Eventually, you run out of ammo, but you make it to an auto shop. The windows are shattered and you see bloody handprints all over the walls, but there is a tow truck outside.

The keys would be inside the shop, you think, but God knows what else is in there.
> You go inside and find the keys - you need that truck
You decide to investigate the auto shop in hopes of getting those truck keys.

As you walk in, it's very quiet. There's definitely signs of a struggle - chairs in the waiting room flipped over, shattered windows and lights.

You find the main office and on the floor, face down, is a dead mechanic in is blue coveralls. Poor bastard had to work late on a Friday, only to die in this chaos, you think.

On his belt is a keychain full of keys - Jackpot!

You reach for it, but as you remove it from his belt, the mechanic rolls over, revealing half of his face bitten off.

"Shit!" you shout as he growls and bites into your arm. You manage to smash his head in with your boot and run outside with the keys.

You get into the tow truck, start her up, and finally drive it to William's.

Hopefully, Amber can help you with your wound.

When you get to the Highland Park Bridge, which takes you north into Fox Chapel where Will lives, the traffic is completely backed up with everyone trying to get out of the city.
> You wait it out - the cars will get moving again eventually
But they never do. You sit there in the tow truck for a long time, waiting to cross the bridge, but the cars never get moving. The fatigue and fever from the bite is overwhelming.

Then you hear what sounds like jets. You look to the east to see two Orion gunships. They launch several rockets at the bridge.

Holy shit, they're trying to sever all transit arteries in and out of the city!

Before passing out and dying from the fever, the last thing you see are the fiery explosions that engulf the bridge before the bridge and the backed up cars all fall into the Allegheny River...

When you come back, you're not yourself anymore...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to investigate the auto shop in hopes of getting those truck keys.

As you walk in, it's very quiet. There's definitely signs of a struggle - chairs in the waiting room flipped over, shattered windows and lights.

You find the main office and on the floor, face down, is a dead mechanic in is blue coveralls. Poor bastard had to work late on a Friday, only to die in this chaos, you think.

On his belt is a keychain full of keys - Jackpot!

You reach for it, but as you remove it from his belt, the mechanic rolls over, revealing half of his face bitten off.

"Shit!" you shout as he growls and bites into your arm. You manage to smash his head in with your boot and run outside with the keys.

You get into the tow truck, start her up, and finally drive it to William's.

Hopefully, Amber can help you with your wound.

When you get to the Highland Park Bridge, which takes you north into Fox Chapel where Will lives, the traffic is completely backed up with everyone trying to get out of the city.
> You get out of the tow truck and cross the bridge on foot
You decide there's too much traffic and your bite wound is getting worse. Also, you had been walking for a while before you found the auto shop, so it's getting pretty late.

You stagger out of the tow truck and begin walking across the bridge. You feel fatigue overcoming your entire body. It becomes difficult to even lift your legs.

Then you hear what sounds like jets. You look to the east to see two Orion gunships. They launch several rockets at the bridge.

Holy shit, they're trying to sever all transit arteries in and out of the city!

The last thing you see are the fiery explosions that engulf the bridge before the bridge, the backed up cars, and you all fall into the Allegheny River...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The parking garage is overrun by zombies, you think to yourself, what the fuck is going on?

You begin to run for William's place on the north side of town, picking off zombies here and there with your rifle. Eventually, you run out of ammo, but you make it to an auto shop. The windows are shattered and you see bloody handprints all over the walls, but there is a tow truck outside.

The keys would be inside the shop, you think, but God knows what else is in there.
> You continue on foot - it's not worth the risk
You leave the auto shop behind and continue on foot. It's getting very late. There's a full moon in the sky.

When you get to the Highland Park Bridge, which takes you to Fox Chapel where Will lives, it has been destroyed! Orion has severed all transit arteries in and out of the city!

You have no choice but to swim across the Allegheny River...

Fortunately, you finally make it to William's house, but you are exhausted from the travel. The door is unlocked and you go in.

"William!" you shout, "WILLIAM!" You frantically search every room in the house. "Amber!"

You notice the closets and pantry have been ransacked. There's a note on the kitchen counter:

"Joe, I tried to find you at your apartment before it came down. We left for the airport. We couldn't wait any longer. If you can read this, get to the airport as fast as you can! There's a dropship that will take you and Amber to safety. Don't worry, I'll be safe with the Alliance military. Take the bag of provisions with you, just in case. Best of luck, brother. Love, Will."

Shit, you're too late. They've left the city without you!

You look through the bag: a 9mm pistol with plenty of ammo, food, bottled water, and a first-aid kit.

You run over to the key ring by the door to the garage - thank God! They left you Amber's SUV! They must have taken Will's jeep. You couldn't ask for a better brother.
> No question - take the SUV to the airport!
You take Amber's SUV and the provisions to the airport. The security checkpoint to exit the eco-dome has been overrun by zombies. You see them feeding on the bodies of the Orion guards.

When you get to the airport, it is unnaturally quiet. Thousands of cars, bumper to bumper, sit abandoned on the street. You head for the runways to where the dropship should be.

It's gone! It already left the city!

The runways are completely deserted when you were expecting there to be huge crowds of desperate people trying to get on the dropship. Where is it going? you wonder, where's safe?

The runway lights are all out - it's the pitch black middle of the night. Just then, you hear the pump of a shotgun directly behind you.

"Say something, or I'll blow your fucking brains out."

You turn around, and see William aiming the shotgun at you!

"Shit! Joe!" He lowers the shotgun and gives you a great big bro hug. Amber is there too. "Thank God, you made it!" she says, "But we're too late. The airport's been overrun with zombies. The dropship left without us. We made it out of the terminal, but the zombies had a feeding frenzy. Oh God, the crowds of people were trapped trying to get on the dropship..."

You turn away, trying not to vomit. "Where is it going?" you ask.

Will explains, "The entire planet is shuttling itself into space and living aboard the ships until The Frontier can be colonized. The Frontier is an inhabitable planet on the edge of the galaxy...humanity's starting a new life there..."

You can't believe it! All those late night conversations you used to have with your friends while stoned out of your mind about space colonization - you never thought it would actually come to fruition!

"What about the military?" you ask, "I thought you were going with them, Will?"

"The Alliance military's going to the Frontier as well, but there was no way in hell I was going to leave you and Amber behind." He puts his arm around Amber and holds her close, "I know this situation's far from ideal, but we're all together now. We have plenty of provisions. We just need to find a place to-"

Just then, the 3 of you hear the crackle of a radio. You turn around and in the distance are 3 or 4 zombies feeding on a corpse. The radio is a walkie-talkie on the belt of the corpse. As you approach it, you and William dispatch the zombies with your weapons.

The corpse is an Orion soldier! The radio crackles again. On the other end is the voice of a distressed Orion soldier and lots of gunfire:

"Mayday, mayday. Calling all districts. This is Delta 4-6, Seattle district. We are overrun by the contaminants, I repeat - we are overrun by the contaminants. Dropship liftoff has been terminated. The pilot and co-pilot are both deceased. I am the only one left. Please respond, over."

"Orion's evacuating, too!" you say.

The transmission continues:

"I repeat - mayday, mayday. Calling all districts. This is Delta 4-6, are there any units still remaining on the surface? I repeat - are there any-AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!-"

You hear the snarls of zombies just before the transmission cuts off, then silence...

After a short while, William finally has an idea, "That dropship...in Seattle...what if we could get to it? Earth is completely abandoned - we're probably the only people that heard that distress signal. That ship is waiting for us!"

William kneels down and picks up the soldier's assault rifle, stands back up, and tosses his shotgun to Amber.

"Grab your toothbrushes...we're going to Seattle!"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Inside the elevator, you see the bodies of Leslie, Adrian, and Tiffany. Those fucking Orion bastards executed them!

You go batshit crazy with the assault rifle and manage to get the jump on the Orion squad. They are all killed in a matter of seconds.

The 3 of you walk over and stock up on weapons and ammo from the dead soldiers. Robbie then walks over and kneels next to Leslie's body and just looks at her a moment before standing up again.

"Let's get out of here," he says. What a heartless dick, you think, he deserves this grief.

The 3 of you sneak out into the street and it's utter chaos. The Alliance is fighting Orion everywhere you look. Tank shells are exploding, buildings are collapsing, men are dying.

"Where are we gonna go, dudes?" asks Turk.

You realize your brother William might be able to help if you go to his place, but he's more than likely fighting Orion right now. Plus, his place is far, especially on foot.

Perhaps the Alliance soldiers in front of your building would know where he is, but that means being right in the line of fire. Alternatively, you could go up to Turk's apartment - he lives in the same building as you and Robbie. Perhaps it is still intact and you can turn on the TV and find out everything that's going on, but the building's been receiving one hell of a shelling.
> You go to your brother William's
"Let's go to my brother's place," you say, "He should be able to help us."

As the 3 of you head there, you hope either he or his wife Amber is home. It's a Friday night, so Amber should be home from the hospital...unless she was called in to help all of the wounded soldiers.

The 3 of you head into the parking garage adjacent to your apartment building, where you and Robbie have your shitty cars and Turk has his big-ass truck.

Just then, as you are approaching the stairs to the next level, the apartment building collapses into the street! Part of it also falls onto the parking garage.

"Shit! Get back!" you yell, but you're too late. The rubble crushes Robbie and Turk. To make matters worse, you turn around to see a massive crowd (30-40) of fucked up looking people running toward you. They are growling and snarling and flailing their arms violently as they storm into the parking garage.
> You thank God, other people! Ask them what they know
"Hey! Where did you all come from?" They continue running at you, clearly not listening.

"Do you guys know of a safe place we can go to?"

Just then, 2 of these crazy bastards grab you and force you to the ground. The rest of the crowd swarm you as well and begin to eat you alive!

"What the fuck!?!? Zombies?!?! Are you fucking serious!?!?" is all you can say before they rip open your belly and pull out your intestines...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Let's go to my brother's place," you say, "He should be able to help us."

As the 3 of you head there, you hope either he or his wife Amber is home. It's a Friday night, so Amber should be home from the hospital...unless she was called in to help all of the wounded soldiers.

The 3 of you head into the parking garage adjacent to your apartment building, where you and Robbie have your shitty cars and Turk has his big-ass truck.

Just then, as you are approaching the stairs to the next level, the apartment building collapses into the street! Part of it also falls onto the parking garage.

"Shit! Get back!" you yell, but you're too late. The rubble crushes Robbie and Turk. To make matters worse, you turn around to see a massive crowd (30-40) of fucked up looking people running toward you. They are growling and snarling and flailing their arms violently as they storm into the parking garage.
> You they're obviously not right in the head - mow 'em down!
You open fire on the crowd with your assault rifle. Only the ones you get in the head seem to go down.

Fucking zombies, you realize.

You continue backing up into the garage while shooting. With only one clip, they just keep coming! Eventually, you are forced into a corner next to a black van.

The zombies just keep coming and your are down to your last round. "I'm sorry, William," you say to yourself as you put the rifle barrel to your head.

Just before you're about to pull the trigger, the door of the black van slides open. Inside, there's a scruffy looking dude with a thick gray beard, a red bandanna tied on his head, and a denim vest.

"Get the fuck in here!" he yells to you, motioning with his hand.
> You obvious choice - get in the van!
You run and dive into the van, and the scruffy dude helps pull you in.

"Get us out of here, Brett!" he yells as he slides the door shut.

The driver reverses and runs over several of the zombies. Then he shifts into drive and punches the gas.

The exit is blocked by zombies, but he runs them down with the van and swerves into the street.

In the van with you are the scruffy guy, the driver, and 2 slutty looking bitches in short skirts and fishnets.

The scruffy guy looks at you, "So what's your story, friend?"

"I need to get to my brother's place," you say.

"Where's that?"

"Fox Chapel."

"The north end of town? Fuck that! That's too far! Plus, that's close to the camp."

"What camp? What the hell's going on?"

"You saw the zombies, right? They came from the concentration camp. Orion's little fucked up experiment. They've been capturing people and exterminating them like the fucking Nazis did. But this time, they brought them back to life as flesh-eating maniacs."

You shake your head in disbelief, "Jesus...so this is why we're at war with Orion now...how do you know all of this?"

The scruffy guy looks down at his feet, "We were in the Philly camp. We just escaped yesterday. We're the only survivors."

The driver, a big guy with a badass handlebar mustache, turns around and says, "The war started there long before it came here. We've been heading west, trying to get to our Pittsburgh charter."

"That's Brett," says the scruffy guy, "You can call me Jimbo. We're brothers of the Renegades."

"Biker gang?" you ask, surprised.

"We prefer the term, motorcycle club," replies Jimbo.

"Well who are they?" you refer to the 2 sluts in the back.

"Our groupies. The Philly clubhouse got overrun by the fucking zombies. These 2 were the only ones who made it out."

"Fucking Roy," says Brett, shaking his head, "they fucking pulled his arms off..."

One of the groupies starts caressing your arms, "You want some apocalyptic companionship?"

"So what were you guys doing in the parking garage?" you ask.

"What do you think?" asks Jimbo as he slaps the other groupie on the ass.

"Jesus, man! Well, where the hell are we going?"

"To the clubhouse. With any luck, our brothers will be okay. Don't worry, we're not bad people. We just engage in organized crime once in a while."

The van pulls into the driveway of what looks like an abandoned office building outside of the city. Brett puts the van keys up in the sun visor.

"Come inside," says Jimbo, "you want a beer?"

"Thanks, really, for everything. But what I really want is to find my brother," you reply, "Can I take one of the bikes?"

"What the fuck did you just say, boy?" Brett angrily asks as he briskly walks toward you.
> You say "Can I take one of the bikes? I just need to get across town. Please."
Brett grits his teeth at you, then pulls out his revolver.

"Woah, woah!" you try to reason with him.

"NO ONE TAKES OUR BIKES, YOU MOTHERFUCKER!" he yells before capping you in the stomach. You collapse onto the street.

Jimbo spits on you, then they all go into the clubhouse and lock the door, leaving you to die in the street...

You pass out. When you come to, you hear growling and snarling and gunshots coming from the clubhouse. A crowd of zombies is overrunning the clubhouse!

Then you hear the roar of some bikes starting up. Some of the bikers are able to get away on their bikes. One of them takes too long to get his started. He does manage to get it started, but is then pulled off by the zombies. They tear into his belly and also chew his face off.

You can barely stand up. Luckily, the zombies haven't spotted you yet.

You could try to get to the van. Remember, Brett left the keys in the sun visor!

Or you could try for the bike that's running. It's close to the zombies, but they're busy eating the biker right now.
> You go for the van
You stagger towards the van and to your luck, it's unlocked!

And sure enough, the keys are still in the visor! You start her up and start driving. Hopefully Amber can get the bullet out of your gut and clean you up, but you are not sure where you are or where William's place is from the clubhouse.

Suddenly, you hear a high-pitched snarl behind you. You look in the back of the van and see one of the groupies, naked, with blood all over her. On the floor is Jimbo, or what's left of him. He's naked, too. Guess he was too desperate for that apocalyptic companionship.

The zombie groupie bites you in the face...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Brett grits his teeth at you, then pulls out his revolver.

"Woah, woah!" you try to reason with him.

"NO ONE TAKES OUR BIKES, YOU MOTHERFUCKER!" he yells before capping you in the stomach. You collapse onto the street.

Jimbo spits on you, then they all go into the clubhouse and lock the door, leaving you to die in the street...

You pass out. When you come to, you hear growling and snarling and gunshots coming from the clubhouse. A crowd of zombies is overrunning the clubhouse!

Then you hear the roar of some bikes starting up. Some of the bikers are able to get away on their bikes. One of them takes too long to get his started. He does manage to get it started, but is then pulled off by the zombies. They tear into his belly and also chew his face off.

You can barely stand up. Luckily, the zombies haven't spotted you yet.

You could try to get to the van. Remember, Brett left the keys in the sun visor!

Or you could try for the bike that's running. It's close to the zombies, but they're busy eating the biker right now.
> You go for the bike
You stagger your way over to the bike and hop on. The nearby zombies are still devouring the original rider.

You barely manage to escape the area as crowds of zombies swipe at you.

Since you are not sure where you are, getting to Will's place is really no longer an option. You decide to take your chances out on the open road.

For the better part of a year, you are a highwayman, scavenging whatever you can from abandoned cars and trucks. You've managed to head west all the way to Nevada.

The roads are desolate. Bandits are the real threat. Cannibals, too.

One day, you spot a group of such bandits in their trucks and jeeps and motorcycles in pursuit of a lone car. The car suddenly swerves out of control and flips over and crashes.

You decide to lure the bandits away on your motorcycle and an intense chase ensues. Eventually, while exchanging fire and driving like some Twisted Metal in real-life, you dispatch all of the bastards.

Returning to the flipped car, you meet a beautiful young blonde named Sarah. She thanks you for saving her and informs you of a sailboat her dad owns in San Francisco.

"It could still be there," she says. You decide to make the journey with her. You fall in love, discover the sailboat, and sail off to safety with a new leaf turned...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You run and dive into the van, and the scruffy dude helps pull you in.

"Get us out of here, Brett!" he yells as he slides the door shut.

The driver reverses and runs over several of the zombies. Then he shifts into drive and punches the gas.

The exit is blocked by zombies, but he runs them down with the van and swerves into the street.

In the van with you are the scruffy guy, the driver, and 2 slutty looking bitches in short skirts and fishnets.

The scruffy guy looks at you, "So what's your story, friend?"

"I need to get to my brother's place," you say.

"Where's that?"

"Fox Chapel."

"The north end of town? Fuck that! That's too far! Plus, that's close to the camp."

"What camp? What the hell's going on?"

"You saw the zombies, right? They came from the concentration camp. Orion's little fucked up experiment. They've been capturing people and exterminating them like the fucking Nazis did. But this time, they brought them back to life as flesh-eating maniacs."

You shake your head in disbelief, "Jesus...so this is why we're at war with Orion now...how do you know all of this?"

The scruffy guy looks down at his feet, "We were in the Philly camp. We just escaped yesterday. We're the only survivors."

The driver, a big guy with a badass handlebar mustache, turns around and says, "The war started there long before it came here. We've been heading west, trying to get to our Pittsburgh charter."

"That's Brett," says the scruffy guy, "You can call me Jimbo. We're brothers of the Renegades."

"Biker gang?" you ask, surprised.

"We prefer the term, motorcycle club," replies Jimbo.

"Well who are they?" you refer to the 2 sluts in the back.

"Our groupies. The Philly clubhouse got overrun by the fucking zombies. These 2 were the only ones who made it out."

"Fucking Roy," says Brett, shaking his head, "they fucking pulled his arms off..."

One of the groupies starts caressing your arms, "You want some apocalyptic companionship?"

"So what were you guys doing in the parking garage?" you ask.

"What do you think?" asks Jimbo as he slaps the other groupie on the ass.

"Jesus, man! Well, where the hell are we going?"

"To the clubhouse. With any luck, our brothers will be okay. Don't worry, we're not bad people. We just engage in organized crime once in a while."

The van pulls into the driveway of what looks like an abandoned office building outside of the city. Brett puts the van keys up in the sun visor.

"Come inside," says Jimbo, "you want a beer?"

"Thanks, really, for everything. But what I really want is to find my brother," you reply, "Can I take one of the bikes?"

"What the fuck did you just say, boy?" Brett angrily asks as he briskly walks toward you.
> You say "Nothing, never mind. Let's go inside."
"That's what I thought," Brett says with a cold stare. You all go into the club house and start drinking. It is one hell of a party, until the zombies show up!

"Shit!" yells Jimbo, "I'm too fucking drunk for this!"

"Me too!" says Brett, "I shouldn't have taken that mescaline either!"

But with your help, you and the bikers are able to fend off the nasty horde with awesome firepower. Once the house is safe, the party continues.

"We could use someone like you," says Jimbo, "We're thinking of going out and looting what we can tomorrow. We need the extra hand."

"No problem," you respond.

"Well, consider yourself an honorary member of the Renegades!"

And so begins a brotherhood bonded by steel...you and the biker gang become the most ruthless group of bandits east of the Mississippi, raping and pillaging every town and farm you come across...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You open fire on the crowd with your assault rifle. Only the ones you get in the head seem to go down.

Fucking zombies, you realize.

You continue backing up into the garage while shooting. With only one clip, they just keep coming! Eventually, you are forced into a corner next to a black van.

The zombies just keep coming and your are down to your last round. "I'm sorry, William," you say to yourself as you put the rifle barrel to your head.

Just before you're about to pull the trigger, the door of the black van slides open. Inside, there's a scruffy looking dude with a thick gray beard, a red bandanna tied on his head, and a denim vest.

"Get the fuck in here!" he yells to you, motioning with his hand.
> You don't trust this skid row bum - opt out
"Fuck this world!" you angrily yell as you shoot yourself in the head to avoid a slow and gruesome death...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Let's go to my brother's place," you say, "He should be able to help us."

As the 3 of you head there, you hope either he or his wife Amber is home. It's a Friday night, so Amber should be home from the hospital...unless she was called in to help all of the wounded soldiers.

The 3 of you head into the parking garage adjacent to your apartment building, where you and Robbie have your shitty cars and Turk has his big-ass truck.

Just then, as you are approaching the stairs to the next level, the apartment building collapses into the street! Part of it also falls onto the parking garage.

"Shit! Get back!" you yell, but you're too late. The rubble crushes Robbie and Turk. To make matters worse, you turn around to see a massive crowd (30-40) of fucked up looking people running toward you. They are growling and snarling and flailing their arms violently as they storm into the parking garage.
> You run like hell up the stairs and hope your car's alright
You manage to make it up the stairs alright.

The second level appears to be deserted. You run to your car and find it perfectly fine. The collapse had just missed it. You can hear the growls of the crazies and gunfire of the war echoing throughout the garage.

You hop into your car and drive to the exit ramp. It is blocked by a crowd of those fucked up cannibals.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Let's go to my brother's place," you say, "He should be able to help us."

As the 3 of you head there, you hope either he or his wife Amber is home. It's a Friday night, so Amber should be home from the hospital...unless she was called in to help all of the wounded soldiers.

The 3 of you head into the parking garage adjacent to your apartment building, where you and Robbie have your shitty cars and Turk has his big-ass truck.

Just then, as you are approaching the stairs to the next level, the apartment building collapses into the street! Part of it also falls onto the parking garage.

"Shit! Get back!" you yell, but you're too late. The rubble crushes Robbie and Turk. To make matters worse, you turn around to see a massive crowd (30-40) of fucked up looking people running toward you. They are growling and snarling and flailing their arms violently as they storm into the parking garage.
> You grab Turk's truck keys, then run like hell up the stairs
You run to Turk's crushed body and manage to grab the keys to his truck, but not before one of the crazies bites you in the arm.

"Fucking zombies!" you shriek as you punch the one that bit you in the face. You run for the stairs and make it up to Turk's truck. Luckily, it is alright - the rubble avoided it.

She's a beauty - 44 inch off-road tires, grill guard, roll cage, spotlights, 6.0 liter V8, all-wheel drive. Turk pretty much put his life savings into this thing.

Well, it's yours now, you think as you start up the roaring engine. You drive down the exit ramp, but it's blocked by a crowd of zombies.
> You head for the top level - the truck won't make it through
The truck can't run over this many people, you think, as you reverse back up the ramp.

You drive up to the top level of the garage and stop the truck. You feel a sudden fatigue, probably from the bite, as you open the door and stagger out. You notice a helicopter flying low over the nearby rooftops.

You can hear the zombies coming up the ramp - they'll be on the top level any second now. You've got the get off the garage!

There's a building next to the garage, about the same height. You think you can make the jump.

Then again, if you could signal that helicopter, you'd be rescued, but it might take a while to get over to you, if it even spots you at all.
> You flash the truck's spotlights to attract the helicopter
You start flashing the truck's spotlights. They are bright as hell, and sure enough, the helicopter sees them! It turns and starts to fly towards you!

Just as it lands, the zombies are swarming the roof. You quickly jump in, and it takes off again.

"Thanks!" you say to the people inside, "who are you guys?"

Inside is a middle-aged black dude in a plaid shirt with a huge beard, a middle-aged woman in a red coat and red skirt, and a bald dude flying the helicopter.

The black dude responds, "We're from Channel 6 News. Everything went to shit so fast. I had to get errbody outta da studio lickety split! Nah mean, brotha?"

"Yeah, I barely escaped, too. Where are we headed?"

"To da airport. They gonna evacuate us, baby. We gettin' off dis here rock an' goin' somewhere out in space."

"What?!?!" You can't believe it! All those late night conversations you used to have with your friends while stoned out of your mind about space colonization - you never thought it would actually come to fruition!

"I'm Pam van Winkle, host of the morning show," says the woman, extending her hand.

"Bitch, what I say bout talking?" says the black dude.

"I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking," Pam lowers her head in shame.

"I'm Ricky, the traffic chopper pilot," says the pilot.

"Dat's right. Dat there's Ricky. He's da man dat saved the day!" The black dude laughs heartily.

"Well, you are you?" you ask the black dude.

"I'm da cameraman."

You keep your bite on your arm hidden. You don't know if you can trust these people or not.
> You show them the bite - they can help you!
"Uh, I guess it would be a bad time to bring this up..." You show them your bite.

"Aw hell nah!" says the black dude. He then proceeds to Sparta kick you out of the helicopter. You fall to your death with regret...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You start flashing the truck's spotlights. They are bright as hell, and sure enough, the helicopter sees them! It turns and starts to fly towards you!

Just as it lands, the zombies are swarming the roof. You quickly jump in, and it takes off again.

"Thanks!" you say to the people inside, "who are you guys?"

Inside is a middle-aged black dude in a plaid shirt with a huge beard, a middle-aged woman in a red coat and red skirt, and a bald dude flying the helicopter.

The black dude responds, "We're from Channel 6 News. Everything went to shit so fast. I had to get errbody outta da studio lickety split! Nah mean, brotha?"

"Yeah, I barely escaped, too. Where are we headed?"

"To da airport. They gonna evacuate us, baby. We gettin' off dis here rock an' goin' somewhere out in space."

"What?!?!" You can't believe it! All those late night conversations you used to have with your friends while stoned out of your mind about space colonization - you never thought it would actually come to fruition!

"I'm Pam van Winkle, host of the morning show," says the woman, extending her hand.

"Bitch, what I say bout talking?" says the black dude.

"I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking," Pam lowers her head in shame.

"I'm Ricky, the traffic chopper pilot," says the pilot.

"Dat's right. Dat there's Ricky. He's da man dat saved the day!" The black dude laughs heartily.

"Well, you are you?" you ask the black dude.

"I'm da cameraman."

You keep your bite on your arm hidden. You don't know if you can trust these people or not.
> You keep it hidden - wait until you get to the airport
You decide to wait for proper medical care.

The helicopter makes it to the airport and lands on a helipad right next to a giant ship with its engines running. It's about to take off...

"Let's go, baby!" says the black dude. You and him and the pilot and the anchorwoman quickly jump out and run to the dropship.

"Wait! Wait! We're with da news crew!"

The Alliance soldier guarding the passage onto the dropship sees that the 4 of you came from a news chopper. Without checking IDs, he waves you all through.

You enter a green military tent that is set up adjacent to the elevator that takes people up to the dropship hatch. Inside this tent are medical personnel.

You show them your bite, and they immediately inject you with a needle of amber fluid - the cure!

After several questions and pat-downs, the 4 of you are allowed onto the dropship.

About 30 minutes later, the ship launches into space, en route to a new world, a new beginning...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The truck can't run over this many people, you think, as you reverse back up the ramp.

You drive up to the top level of the garage and stop the truck. You feel a sudden fatigue, probably from the bite, as you open the door and stagger out. You notice a helicopter flying low over the nearby rooftops.

You can hear the zombies coming up the ramp - they'll be on the top level any second now. You've got the get off the garage!

There's a building next to the garage, about the same height. You think you can make the jump.

Then again, if you could signal that helicopter, you'd be rescued, but it might take a while to get over to you, if it even spots you at all.
> The helicopter won't get to you in time - jump to the other roof
You decide to take the fast way off the garage. The helicopter is just too damn far, you think.

You stagger away from the truck and line yourself up to get a good running jump. You try to start running, but the fatigue from the bite overwhelms you. You leap from the edge of the floor with all of your strength, but you did not have enough momentum.

You fall to your death in the alley below...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You run to Turk's crushed body and manage to grab the keys to his truck, but not before one of the crazies bites you in the arm.

"Fucking zombies!" you shriek as you punch the one that bit you in the face. You run for the stairs and make it up to Turk's truck. Luckily, it is alright - the rubble avoided it.

She's a beauty - 44 inch off-road tires, grill guard, roll cage, spotlights, 6.0 liter V8, all-wheel drive. Turk pretty much put his life savings into this thing.

Well, it's yours now, you think as you start up the roaring engine. You drive down the exit ramp, but it's blocked by a crowd of zombies.
> You of course it will! Run them down!
You slam on the gas and the big-ass truck effortlessly smashes through the zombies. You drive out to the street and head for William's place in Fox Chapel on the north end of town, using the windshield wipers to get the blood off.

Hopefully Amber can help you with your wound.

Luckily, you were quick enough to beat the traffic and got across the Highland Park Bridge, which wasn't backed up.

You make it to William's...
> You go inside the house
Upon walking in, you see William and Amber in the kitchen.

"Thank God - Joe!" says Will, "I tried to find you at your apartment before it came down. We need to get you out of the city. I've already packed you 2 plenty of food, guns, ammo, clothing - that sort of thing."

"What's going on? Why is Orion killing everybody?"

"It's all part of their 'Final Solution,' just like the Nazis had over 90 years ago. They were throwing nearly everyone in concentration camps, forcing them to work, performing horrendous experiments on them. But now, I guess they're exterminating everyone in response to the outbreak."

"The outbreak? You mean the zombies?"

"Yeah, the, er, zombies. They developed this toxin that can reanimate dead tissue. When the bodies started piling up, the Orion personnel decided to use the toxin on them. Thing is, the dead people that came back weren't themselves at all...my unit saw...they overran the entire camp...Orion couldn't contain it...the dead, they..."

Will puts his hand to his mouth, clears his throat, and swallows, "they fed on people - my men, Orion's men, civilians - pretty much anyone they could catch."

"Shit, I saw it, too. It's awful, what's happening."

You keep your bite covered up and try not to attract attention to it.

William goes into the kitchen and comes back with the provisions he packed.

"Look, you and Amber need to get to the dropship at the airport. Obviously, it's outside of the dome, so I'll have to get you guys past the entry/exit checkpoint. Once you're at the airport, just get on the dropship. Don't worry about me - I'm being evacuated, also, with the rest of the Alliance military. We're going to the same place as you and all of the civilians, so I'll see you there."

You look at Will like he's fucking crazy. "Dropship? Evacuation? Where are we going?"

"Damn it, I thought you liked keeping up on the news! The entire planet is shuttling itself into space and living aboard the ships until The Frontier can be colonized. The Frontier is an inhabitable planet on the edge of the galaxy...humanity's starting a new life there..."

You can't believe it! All those late night conversations you used to have with your friends while stoned out of your mind about space colonization - you never thought it would actually come to fruition!

"We need to leave now," Will continues, "or else we'll be stuck here."
> You keep your bite a secret
So the 3 of you pack up all of the provisions into Will's jeep, then head for the airport.

During the drive, you feel more and more fatigued. The fever from the bite becomes so overwhelming, you eventually pass out and die.

"Joe? Joe!?!?" Amber tries to shake you awake. "Joe, we're here. We need to go, now!"

You come back to life, but you're not yourself anymore as you bite into Amber's delicious throat...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Upon walking in, you see William and Amber in the kitchen.

"Thank God - Joe!" says Will, "I tried to find you at your apartment before it came down. We need to get you out of the city. I've already packed you 2 plenty of food, guns, ammo, clothing - that sort of thing."

"What's going on? Why is Orion killing everybody?"

"It's all part of their 'Final Solution,' just like the Nazis had over 90 years ago. They were throwing nearly everyone in concentration camps, forcing them to work, performing horrendous experiments on them. But now, I guess they're exterminating everyone in response to the outbreak."

"The outbreak? You mean the zombies?"

"Yeah, the, er, zombies. They developed this toxin that can reanimate dead tissue. When the bodies started piling up, the Orion personnel decided to use the toxin on them. Thing is, the dead people that came back weren't themselves at all...my unit saw...they overran the entire camp...Orion couldn't contain it...the dead, they..."

Will puts his hand to his mouth, clears his throat, and swallows, "they fed on people - my men, Orion's men, civilians - pretty much anyone they could catch."

"Shit, I saw it, too. It's awful, what's happening."

You keep your bite covered up and try not to attract attention to it.

William goes into the kitchen and comes back with the provisions he packed.

"Look, you and Amber need to get to the dropship at the airport. Obviously, it's outside of the dome, so I'll have to get you guys past the entry/exit checkpoint. Once you're at the airport, just get on the dropship. Don't worry about me - I'm being evacuated, also, with the rest of the Alliance military. We're going to the same place as you and all of the civilians, so I'll see you there."

You look at Will like he's fucking crazy. "Dropship? Evacuation? Where are we going?"

"Damn it, I thought you liked keeping up on the news! The entire planet is shuttling itself into space and living aboard the ships until The Frontier can be colonized. The Frontier is an inhabitable planet on the edge of the galaxy...humanity's starting a new life there..."

You can't believe it! All those late night conversations you used to have with your friends while stoned out of your mind about space colonization - you never thought it would actually come to fruition!

"We need to leave now," Will continues, "or else we'll be stuck here."
> You show them your bite
"Uh, Will," you pull back your sleeve, revealing the nasty-ass bite on your forearm. It's slowly spreading like an infection. The skin around it is turning purple!

"I'm sorry..."

William immediately turns around, putting his hands to his temples. "Oh God, oh shit, no, no, no..."

Amber breaks down in tears as she holds your hands.

William walks into the garage and comes back with an ax. "I'm so sorry, brother. There's nothing else we can do."

"No, please, no!" you plead with your brother, "You can't - no don't do this, damn it!"

"Joe, the fever will kill you and you'll come back as one of them...I'm sorry."
> You *Sigh* "Fine, get it over with..."
Amber wisely lets go of your hands as she lets out a loud sob. She moves back and buries her face into her hands.

You pull back the rest of your sleeve and head for the kitchen. Will follows behind you with the ax.

As you sit at the table with your arm resting on the table, Will looks at you and nods. You sigh and nod back.

Both of you grit your teeth and Will raises the ax. He slams it down into your arm, just below the elbow and above the bite.

You can't help but scream through your teeth and fall out of the chair, blood spraying all over the table and floor...

You wake up in Will's jeep. Amber has cauterized your stump and bandaged it up. You're on your way to the airport!

Just as you expected, the traffic is horrendous going into the airport. The 3 of you get out of the jeep, grab the provisions, and head for the terminal on foot. The crowds of people have jammed themselves in the terminal, desperate to get on the dropship.

"Shit! There's no way they're going to get you on the ship with all these people," says Will, "I might be able to sneak you guys on the military ship with me. We're boarding on the runway right now."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Uh, Will," you pull back your sleeve, revealing the nasty-ass bite on your forearm. It's slowly spreading like an infection. The skin around it is turning purple!

"I'm sorry..."

William immediately turns around, putting his hands to his temples. "Oh God, oh shit, no, no, no..."

Amber breaks down in tears as she holds your hands.

William walks into the garage and comes back with an ax. "I'm so sorry, brother. There's nothing else we can do."

"No, please, no!" you plead with your brother, "You can't - no don't do this, damn it!"

"Joe, the fever will kill you and you'll come back as one of them...I'm sorry."
> You say "I said no! You're fucking insane!"
Will stares at you a moment, then lowers his head and sighs. He gets up and heads into the kitchen.

Amber is still in tears holding your hands.

Will comes back into the room, but instead of the ax, he has a fucking pistol!

"I'm sorry, brother. You leave me no choice..."

You slowly turn your head and look up at him in disbelief. Your own brother is pointing a gun at your head.

Then all you see is a sudden flash before blackness...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Inside the elevator, you see the bodies of Leslie, Adrian, and Tiffany. Those fucking Orion bastards executed them!

You go batshit crazy with the assault rifle and manage to get the jump on the Orion squad. They are all killed in a matter of seconds.

The 3 of you walk over and stock up on weapons and ammo from the dead soldiers. Robbie then walks over and kneels next to Leslie's body and just looks at her a moment before standing up again.

"Let's get out of here," he says. What a heartless dick, you think, he deserves this grief.

The 3 of you sneak out into the street and it's utter chaos. The Alliance is fighting Orion everywhere you look. Tank shells are exploding, buildings are collapsing, men are dying.

"Where are we gonna go, dudes?" asks Turk.

You realize your brother William might be able to help if you go to his place, but he's more than likely fighting Orion right now. Plus, his place is far, especially on foot.

Perhaps the Alliance soldiers in front of your building would know where he is, but that means being right in the line of fire. Alternatively, you could go up to Turk's apartment - he lives in the same building as you and Robbie. Perhaps it is still intact and you can turn on the TV and find out everything that's going on, but the building's been receiving one hell of a shelling.
> You go up to Turk's apartment
You decide to go up and check out Turk's apartment. With any luck, it'll still be intact and you can turn on the news.

When you get up there, it's in perfect condition!

"Thank God," Turk says as he quickly walks in and goes to the TV.

Then you feel a rumble under your feet...the building finally collapses, unfortunately with you in it...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>April 24, 2035 - 5:57pm - Your apartment in Pittsburgh

*** You are Joe, a 27 year-old blonde dude. You have an older brother, William, who is serving in the military right now. His wife Amber is a middle-aged blonde doctor in Pittsburgh. ***

Everything went to shit a long time ago, but people are just now realizing it, you think to yourself as you debate whether or not to go out with friends. It's a Friday night, and your usual gang is over at Robbie's, probably already getting drunk and stoned.

The evening news will be starting soon, however. You've been doing a decent job at keeping up with current events.

Here's what you know so far:

There is no government, the economy has pretty much collapsed, and unemployment is the new epidemic to go along with crime and poverty. You actually lost your job at the steel mill recently due to circumstances out of your control. The state of affairs is a lot like those old dystopian films like Soylent Green or The Running Man.

The only thing keeping some people from blowing their brains out are these radio and TV programs ran by an organization calling itself Orion. You guess they could be related to FDR's fireside chats you've read about in old history books as a kid (that was before educational funding was abolished). Every evening, some dipshit comes on the air and tells the world that everything will be okay, and that all we need to do is trust in Orion and they will fix everything.

6:26pm. The news is over. Same old shit. Some prostitute went fucking insane and shot up an entire stairwell full of sleeping homeless people in downtown Pittsburgh. DOW is down a record 1100 points. For the third time in a row, the Olympics are canceled.

On now, is Orion's fireside chat. They might be able to lift your spirits. But the guys at Robbie's are waiting, and you really need to get fucked up in light of your job loss.
> You go to Robbie's
Orion's full of shit, anyway. You drive over to Robbie's apartment, which is just 10 minutes away. You walk in and there they all are: Robbie, pale and scrawny little bastard with a buzz cut; Adrian, the big friendly (and black) giant; Leslie, Robbie's hot brunette hipster girlfriend he doesn't deserve; and Turk and his fairly cute redhead girlfriend, Tiffany. Turk's a little heavy set and wears coke bottle glasses, but has the coolest fro for a white dude you've ever seen. He's the one who pulls out a bag of pure chronic. Robbie opens the fridge, revealing 3 cases of beer and ingredients for Jagerbombs. It's going to be a good night.

And it is. You and your friends get so stoned, you start talking about the possibility of leaving Earth and finding a new home as a way to escape this living hell. Of course, it's far-fetched and pretty much impossible, but it's interesting especially in your current state of mind.

Then the drinking games start. You and the three other dudes play beer pong. In between shots, Robbie and Turk are making out with their girls. You and Adrian are singing along very poorly to Robbie's stereo, which is pretty damn loud for just a party of 6.

Sure enough, at around 3am, while you're all still partying hard, an angry neighbor pounds on the door. You are the only one who hears it...
> You answer the door yourself
"Hold on," you say as you walk over to the door. You look through the peephole and see an innocent looking woman, probably in her mid 40s, wearing a bathrobe.

You open the door and smile. She smiles back and says, "Hello, I live right here across the hall and cannot get to sleep with that music blasting. Do you think you could turn it down? I have to teach swimming lessons early in the morning."

She seems like a very decent person and asked you kindly enough.

Then again, you're having a great night. For all you know, the world may come to an end tomorrow.
> You tell her you are very sorry and comply with her request
She smiles again and goes back into her place. You walk over and turn the music down.

"What the fuck, bro?" says Adrian.

"The neighbors are pissed, dude," you respond as you take another bong rip.

The night continues for a couple more hours before everyone passes out, except for you and Leslie. You and her continue to have deep discussions and share many laughs, while sipping beers and listening to music until 6am.

All of a sudden, she gets up and comes over and sits on the couch you're laying on and straddles you. Shocked, you look over and see Robbie totally trashed and out cold on the other couch.

"Fuck him," Leslie says, and takes off your shirt, "I need someone who can actually take care of me."

You end up banging until dawn before you both pass out.

You wake up and it's 2:30pm the next day. You had a wild night, no doubt. Luckily, you woke up before Robbie did, since you and Leslie are still naked. You grab your clothes and your shame and head out.

There's no point in trying to find a job today, you think to yourself as you pull into a diner.

You order some eggs for the throbbing hangover. You feel somewhat guilty about you and Leslie but try not to think of it. But she was damn good.

Suddenly, you spit out your coffee upon seeing a military convoy and countless troops roll through the street. It's Orion - martial law is in effect.

Hope has come to Pittsburgh!
> Two Years Later...
April 5, 2037 - 9:35pm - Your new fung shway Orion living quarters

For the past 2 years, you have been living in a beautiful apartment complex built by Orion. You got your old job back at the steel mill, which has been rebuilt - it is now much cleaner, safer, and you actually enjoy working there.

The air in the city is also much cleaner and the temperature stays at a constant 75 degrees, no matter what season. That's because Orion has built an eco-dome over Pittsburgh, which filters out pollutants and regulates the temperature. It's like living in a giant fucking Astrodome of plexiglass, so you still get the sunshine. And like Orion promised, poverty, crime, unemployment, and all the other shit from before has been pretty much abolished.

The present times are wonderful. Some would say Pittsburgh is like a utopia now. You guess the same could be said all over the world. Orion has gone completely global and they are now the world's government and military. We still have our own military, however, but Orion is obviously considered an ally.

Robbie is now your roommate. His girlfriend Leslie comes over once in a while. Fortunately, Robbie still has not yet found out about what happened between you and Leslie 2 years ago. Only Turk knows.

Tonight is Friday and the usual gang is at your place: Robbie, Leslie, Adrian, Turk, and Tiffany.

Just as you're about to light a bowl of chronic, the door is kicked in. In storms a squad of Orion soldiers. Without hesitation, they grab Adrian, Leslie, and Tiffany and storm back out with them. You, Robbie, and Turk are stunned and wonder why they didn't take you.

You feel you should act to save them, but with no weapons, it would be difficult. You knew you should have bought a gun when you had the chance!

Then again, there are 3 of you. You might have enough manpower to take down 1 or 2 of the bastards with your bare hands.

"They took my fucking girl!" yells Robbie.

"Mine, too, you dick!" replies Turk. The heartbreak is too much for you to bear, for Turk at least. You hope to have Leslie for yourself, so you agree to attempt the rescue.
> You try to rescue your 3 friends
The 3 of you decide to act fast. With no weapons, you run out into the hall and spot the squad moving for the elevator. They board it, all but one of them who stays behind to secure the area.

"Hey, motherfucker!" yells Robbie just before ducking behind a plant. The soldier snaps his head towards your direction and aims his rifle. You and Turk immediately hide just as Robbie did. The soldier slowly creeps towards you guys. Finally, he is so close, you can touch him. Robbie nods to you and Turk.

You and Turk are able to tackle the bastard and knock him unconscious. On his person is an assault rifle. That will definitely come in handy! Turk also grabs the dude's sidearm, a 9mm pistol. Then he proceeds to shoot the dude in the fucking head, killing him in his unconscious state.

"Damn, Turk! That's fucked up!" you say.

"Don't want him sneaking up on us when he wakes up, right?" Turk replies. Well, he has a point.

Just then, there's a huge explosion behind your group. Your apartment has just been obliterated by a stray tank shell. The 3 of you are stunned, but okay. Good thing you weren't in there!

You and your friends quickly head down the stairs to try to intercept the elevator. You manage to get to the lobby before Orion does. The lobby is filled with rubble and shattered glass. Outside, a tank rolls by.

World War III has just begun! Our military is rebelling against Orion, but why? Aren't we allies, you wonder.

The elevator opens... Turk claims he can take care of the troops that come out with just the pistol. He has roughly 14 shots. You have a full assault rifle clip, on the other hand.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Hold on," you say as you walk over to the door. You look through the peephole and see an innocent looking woman, probably in her mid 40s, wearing a bathrobe.

You open the door and smile. She smiles back and says, "Hello, I live right here across the hall and cannot get to sleep with that music blasting. Do you think you could turn it down? I have to teach swimming lessons early in the morning."

She seems like a very decent person and asked you kindly enough.

Then again, you're having a great night. For all you know, the world may come to an end tomorrow.
> You tell her to fuck off - it's Friday night!
Her smile slowly fades as she says, "Alright then..." and goes back into her home. You now have an uneasy feeling as you go back over to the pong table.

Sure enough, the door is kicked down and a big shirtless dude with a shotgun barges in. He must be the woman's husband.

The woman comes back in and without saying a word, points to you.

The crazy dude aims at you and blows your brains out...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Orion's full of shit, anyway. You drive over to Robbie's apartment, which is just 10 minutes away. You walk in and there they all are: Robbie, pale and scrawny little bastard with a buzz cut; Adrian, the big friendly (and black) giant; Leslie, Robbie's hot brunette hipster girlfriend he doesn't deserve; and Turk and his fairly cute redhead girlfriend, Tiffany. Turk's a little heavy set and wears coke bottle glasses, but has the coolest fro for a white dude you've ever seen. He's the one who pulls out a bag of pure chronic. Robbie opens the fridge, revealing 3 cases of beer and ingredients for Jagerbombs. It's going to be a good night.

And it is. You and your friends get so stoned, you start talking about the possibility of leaving Earth and finding a new home as a way to escape this living hell. Of course, it's far-fetched and pretty much impossible, but it's interesting especially in your current state of mind.

Then the drinking games start. You and the three other dudes play beer pong. In between shots, Robbie and Turk are making out with their girls. You and Adrian are singing along very poorly to Robbie's stereo, which is pretty damn loud for just a party of 6.

Sure enough, at around 3am, while you're all still partying hard, an angry neighbor pounds on the door. You are the only one who hears it...
> You ignore it and take your shot in beer pong
You decide not to do anything about it. Hopefully they'll just go away.

The person continues knocking louder and louder. Then for a while, it stops. You sigh in relief, all the while still singing and playing beer pong. Everyone is either too drunk or stoned to hear or care about the door. Soon you forget there ever was knocking.

Then suddenly, a few minutes later, a large shirtless dude kicks the door down and storms in with a shotgun. A woman in a bathrobe comes in behind him.

"MY WIFE KNOCKED SEVERAL TIMES, YOU MOTHERFUCKERS!" the crazy dude says, "TURN THE FUCKING MUSIC DOWN!" He's aiming the shotgun at Robbie, whom he knows a little since they're neighbors.

Robbie, the idiot that he is, tries to throw a liquor bottle at him and misses. The bottle strikes the woman right in the face. She screams and staggers out into the hallway.

The dude with the shotgun flips his shit and opens fire. He first blows Robbie's brains out, then Turk's, then Tiffany's.

Adrian and Leslie throw their hands up and stand still. You wisely do the same.

"Now," the dude says, "turn the fucking music down before this gets worse."

Leslie immediately turns it down and the crazy dude leaves. The 3 of you are awestruck.

Adrian starts wigging and gets the hell out of there and goes straight home.

Leslie asks you to take her home, since Robbie had picked her up.
> You leave her and go straight home
You can't deal with what just happened. You just want to go straight home.

Leaving Leslie to mourn the deaths, you head back to your place and try to sleep, but the fucked up events of that night keep you up. There's no point in calling the police, you think. There IS no police anymore. This is the kind of thing that happens almost everyday. Wrong place, wrong time.

These thoughts don't help ease your mind and you end up staying up the rest of the night, worrying about the future.

You were originally going to go job hunting the next day, but decide instead to stay home and just watch TV to clear your mind. On the TV is a broadcast of last night's Orion fireside chat, which you missed:

"We now have a solid plan worked out," the Orion representative says, "We have already begun construction of eco-domes over every major city in the world to keep out the effects of pollution and global warming. We have deployed elite military squadrons all over the world in a state of temporary martial law. Crime has dropped significantly in these areas. Poverty has also been nearly abolished by our careful efforts. Please do not panic if you have not yet witnessed these exciting reformations in your area. I assure you we are tirelessly working around the clock with maximum effort and motivation. If you live in one of the following metropolitan areas, you are part of the next Chalk, Chalk 7. Orion will be saving you very soon."

The dude starts listing cities and major towns all over the world, one after another, for several minutes, then concludes with a typical fortune cookie expression of hope.

Among the cities named was Pittsburgh...

You are glad you watched that shit, though you are unsure of whether or not you can trust Orion. Do they really have everyone's best intentions in mind? What gives them the power to do all of this philanthropy?

Oh well, you think. Guess we'll have to wait and find out. It's not like things could get worse...

Right?

Suddenly, you hear a rumbling outside. You go over to the window and look down to see an enormous Orion convoy and countless troops rolling through the street. Martial law is already in effect. You didn't think it would occur this quickly, but there it is.

Hope has come to Pittsburgh!
> Two Years Later...
April 5, 2037 - 9:35pm - Your new fung shway Orion living quarters

For the past 2 years, you have been living alone in a beautiful apartment complex built by Orion. You got your old job back at the steel mill, which has been rebuilt - it is now much cleaner, safer, and you actually enjoy working there.

The air in the city is also much cleaner and the temperature stays at a constant 75 degrees, no matter what season. That's because Orion has built an eco-dome over Pittsburgh, which filters out pollutants and regulates the temperature. It's like living in a giant fucking Astrodome of plexiglass, so you still get the sunshine. And like Orion promised, poverty, crime, unemployment, and all the other shit from before has been pretty much abolished.

The present times are wonderful. Some would say Pittsburgh is like a utopia now. You guess the same could be said all over the world. Orion has gone completely global and they are now the world's government and military. We still have our own military, however, but Orion is obviously considered an ally.

Tonight is Friday, and your friends Adrian and Leslie, who are now together, are over.

"For Robbie, Turk, and Tiff," you say as the 3 of you take a shot of whiskey.

The festivities kick in. But then suddenly, the door is broken down and a squad of Orion soldiers storms in. Without hesitation, they grab Adrian and Leslie and storm out with them. You are stunned and wonder why they didn't take you.

You feel you should act to save them, but you are alone with no weapon. Then again, these are your best friends! Who knows what's going to happen to them!
> You try to rescue your 2 friends
You decide to act fast. With no weapons, you run out into the hall and spot the squad moving for the elevator. They board it, all but one of them who stays behind to secure the area.

"Hey, motherfucker!" you yell just before ducking behind a plant. The soldier snaps his head towards your direction and aims his rifle.

The soldier slowly creeps towards you. Finally, he is so close, you can touch him.

You attempt to tackle him and take his assault rifle, but he overwhelms you. During the resulting wrestling match, the soldier manages to draw his sidearm, a 9mm pistol, and puts 2 rounds into your gut...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>April 5, 2037 - 9:35pm - Your new fung shway Orion living quarters

For the past 2 years, you have been living alone in a beautiful apartment complex built by Orion. You got your old job back at the steel mill, which has been rebuilt - it is now much cleaner, safer, and you actually enjoy working there.

The air in the city is also much cleaner and the temperature stays at a constant 75 degrees, no matter what season. That's because Orion has built an eco-dome over Pittsburgh, which filters out pollutants and regulates the temperature. It's like living in a giant fucking Astrodome of plexiglass, so you still get the sunshine. And like Orion promised, poverty, crime, unemployment, and all the other shit from before has been pretty much abolished.

The present times are wonderful. Some would say Pittsburgh is like a utopia now. You guess the same could be said all over the world. Orion has gone completely global and they are now the world's government and military. We still have our own military, however, but Orion is obviously considered an ally.

Tonight is Friday, and your friends Adrian and Leslie, who are now together, are over.

"For Robbie, Turk, and Tiff," you say as the 3 of you take a shot of whiskey.

The festivities kick in. But then suddenly, the door is broken down and a squad of Orion soldiers storms in. Without hesitation, they grab Adrian and Leslie and storm out with them. You are stunned and wonder why they didn't take you.

You feel you should act to save them, but you are alone with no weapon. Then again, these are your best friends! Who knows what's going to happen to them!
> You wait for them to leave the building
You decide there's no way you can take on a squad of Orion by yourself, so you stay behind and wonder why you were spared from capture.

You turn on the news to try to get some information. The anchorwoman announces that Orion has begun taking prisoners, all non-Aryan, and placing them in concentration camps. That explains why they took who they took! Adrian is black and Leslie has brown hair and sexy brown eyes! You have blonde hair and blue eyes, making you Aryan.

Those fucking Orion bastards are starting another Holocaust, continuing where the Nazis failed! And that explains why we have gone to war with them...

Just then, your apartment is suddenly engulfed in a massive explosion. You are knocked down by the blast and a piece of rubble lands on you.

Then, blackness...

A while later, you come to, and you see soldiers storming the hallways. Luckily, they are not Orion, but Alliance. One of them spots you and rushes to your aid.

It's your brother, William!

"Joe! We gotta get you out of here!" he says, "the war has already reached the concentration camp downtown. If those experiments get out, it's all over..."

"William..." is all you can croak out as he lifts you out of the rubble and carries you out into the hall.

What did he mean, "those experiments?" You are too disoriented to worry about it right now and you pass out again...

You wake up at Will's place. His wife Amber comes in with a bottle of water. "Hey Joe, feeling better?"

"How long was I out?" you ask, holding your throbbing head.

"A just a couple of hours. Here, drink this."

You chug from the bottle of water. Damn, that's refreshing. "Thanks. Will mentioned something about experiments at a concentration camp here in Pittsburgh? I saw news of it on TV just before my place got blown to shit."

A grim look appears on Amber's face. "I'll let him explain it." She walks into the kitchen. Outside, you can still here distant gunfire and explosions in the city. The war's gonna be a fucking doozy.

William walks in and does his best to look optimistic. "Hey champ. Sleep alright?"

"Sure."

"Well, we need to get you out of the city. I've already packed you 2 plenty of food, guns, ammo, clothing - that sort of thing."

"What's going on? Why is Orion capturing people?"

"It's all part of their 'Final Solution,' just like the Nazis had over 90 years ago. They're throwing nearly everyone in concentration camps, forcing them to work, performing horrendous experiments on them."

"Yeah, you mentioned that. What kind of experiments?"

"The one I'm most concerned about is this toxin they've developed that can reanimate dead tissue. When the bodies started piling up, the Orion personnel decided to use the toxin on them. Thing is, the dead people that came back weren't themselves at all...my unit saw...they overran the entire camp...Orion couldn't contain it...the dead, they..." Will puts his hand to his mouth, clears his throat, and swallows, "they fed on people - my men, Orion's men, civilians - pretty much anyone they could catch."

"Zombies!?!?!" you say shockingly.

"What!? No, Joe! Not like that...well, yeah, zombies. Shit!"

"Shit is right, bro! We gotta go now! Wait, what about Adrian and Leslie?"

At this, Will lowers his head and slowly shakes it. "I'm sorry, brother. They're gone. My unit found them executed in the elevator. Guess Orion's changed their protocol - they're killing everyone in response to the, er, zombie outbreak. I've gotten reports that it's happening all over the world in other camps."

You can hardly believe it, but it's true. Those fuckers have killed nearly everyone you cared for! You wonder whether or not you could have saved Adrian and Leslie single-handed. And to make matters worse, Orion also caused the zombie apocalypse!

William goes into the kitchen and comes back with the provisions he packed. "Look, you and Amber need to get to the dropship at the airport. Obviously, it's outside of the dome, so I'll have to get you guys past the entry/exit checkpoint. Once you're at the airport, just get on the dropship. Don't worry about me - I'm being evacuated, also, with the rest of the Alliance military. We're going to the same place as you and all of the civilians, so I'll see you there."

You look at Will like he's fucking crazy. "Dropship? Evacuation? Where are we going?"

"Damn it, I thought you liked keeping up on the news! The entire planet is shuttling itself into space and living aboard the ships until The Frontier can be colonized. The Frontier is an inhabitable planet on the edge of the galaxy...humanity's starting a new life there..."

You can't believe it! All those late night conversations you used to have with your friends while stoned out of your mind about space colonization - you never thought it would actually come to fruition!

"We need to leave now," Will continues, "or else we'll be stuck here."

So the 3 of you pack up all of the provisions into Will's jeep, then head for the airport. When you get to the security checkpoint to leave the eco-dome, it has been overrun by zombies. They are feeding on the bodies of the Orion guards.

"Serves them right," mutters Amber. Will continues driving, and you eventually get to the airport.

Just as you expected, the traffic is horrendous going into the airport.

"Shit! There's no way they're going to get you on with all these people," says Will, "I might be able to sneak you guys on the military ship with me. Either way, we're going to have to hoof it from here."

The 3 of you get out of the jeep, grab the provisions, and start walking towards the runways.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide not to do anything about it. Hopefully they'll just go away.

The person continues knocking louder and louder. Then for a while, it stops. You sigh in relief, all the while still singing and playing beer pong. Everyone is either too drunk or stoned to hear or care about the door. Soon you forget there ever was knocking.

Then suddenly, a few minutes later, a large shirtless dude kicks the door down and storms in with a shotgun. A woman in a bathrobe comes in behind him.

"MY WIFE KNOCKED SEVERAL TIMES, YOU MOTHERFUCKERS!" the crazy dude says, "TURN THE FUCKING MUSIC DOWN!" He's aiming the shotgun at Robbie, whom he knows a little since they're neighbors.

Robbie, the idiot that he is, tries to throw a liquor bottle at him and misses. The bottle strikes the woman right in the face. She screams and staggers out into the hallway.

The dude with the shotgun flips his shit and opens fire. He first blows Robbie's brains out, then Turk's, then Tiffany's.

Adrian and Leslie throw their hands up and stand still. You wisely do the same.

"Now," the dude says, "turn the fucking music down before this gets worse."

Leslie immediately turns it down and the crazy dude leaves. The 3 of you are awestruck.

Adrian starts wigging and gets the hell out of there and goes straight home.

Leslie asks you to take her home, since Robbie had picked her up.
> You take her to her home
You gently place your arm around Leslie and the 2 of you walk out, being careful not to get close to the fuckers across the hall that did this.

You drive her to her house and she invites you in. "I need you," she says.
> You accept her invitation
You decide to go inside with her. She breaks down and cries in your arms on the couch.

There's no point in calling the police, you think. There IS no police anymore. This is the kind of thing that happens almost everyday. Wrong place, wrong time.

You comfort Leslie as much as you can and try to tell her positive things. Eventually she stops crying and just stares blankly at the TV. You watch a late night romance movie together, snuggled up with each other.

During the movie, Leslie suddenly puts her hand up your shirt and feels your chest. Slowly, she turns around and begins kissing your neck.

Knowing Robbie is dead, you have no problem with it and you go for it.

You end up banging all night. You wake up naked in Leslie's bed at 1pm the next day with her beautiful naked body on top of you. A little while later, she wakes up too and you make coffee.

You spend a couple more hours with her. Then she is in a better mood, so you head home.

Walking out of her door to go to your car, you see an enormous military convoy and countless troops roll by on the street. It's Orion - martial law is in effect.

Hope has come to Pittsburgh!
> Two Years Later...
April 5, 2037 - 9:35pm - Your new fung shway Orion living quarters

For the past 2 years, you have been living with Leslie, now your girlfriend, in a beautiful apartment complex built by Orion. You got your old job back at the steel mill, which has been rebuilt - it is now much cleaner, safer, and you actually enjoy working there.

The air in the city is also much cleaner and the temperature stays at a constant 75 degrees, no matter what season. That's because Orion has built an eco-dome over Pittsburgh, which filters out pollutants and regulates the temperature. It's like living in a giant fucking Astrodome of plexiglass, so you still get the sunshine. And like Orion promised, poverty, crime, unemployment, and all the other shit from before has been pretty much abolished.

The present times are wonderful. Some would say Pittsburgh is like a utopia now. You guess the same could be said all over the world. Orion has gone completely global and they are now the world's government and military. We still have our own military, however, but Orion is obviously considered an ally.

Tonight is Friday, and your friend Adrian is over.

"For Robbie, Turk, and Tiff," you say as the 3 of you take a shot of whiskey.

The festivities kick in. But then suddenly, the door is broken down and a squad of Orion soldiers storms in. Without hesitation, they grab Adrian and Leslie and storm out with them. You are stunned and wonder why they didn't take you.

You feel you should act to save them, but you are alone with no weapon. Then again, these are your best friends! Who knows what's going to happen to them!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Wait, so how long have you been doing this?"


Putting down a Polaroid photo of a blonde woman leaning against a Mustang, you lift your head to see who's talking to you. He's a fresh-faced teenager, eighteen or nineteen years old, and he's looking at you with this absolute shit-eating grin. You deign to give him a response. 


"Since 1965. I was one of the first Marines to land on the beaches of Vietnam, at Da Nang."


"Holy shit!" He bumps his friend with an elbow and points at you. 


"Hey look, old Gramps has shown up here!"


You grit your teeth against the sound of the whirring helicopter rotors, ten thousand feet up in the sky. The other troops in the helicopter talk among themselves, laughing and sharing profanities. Some of them jeer at you, a relic of the earlier stages of the war. They've just finished boot camp and are full of all that restless energy from getting plenty of sleep, exercise, and three hot meals a day. Hell, some of them bet that they could single-handily win the war now they're in 'Nam. 


You turn your attention away from them and look down at the land below you. The vast, sprawling jungle stretches before you, it's green immensity blocking any view of what lurks underneath. It's a dark place, one of the last untamed areas of the world. However, you feel an unnatural bond to it. While other men have faltered and deserted, you've returned to it, to the crucible of this war, again and again. 


The helicopter descends towards a small outpost, a "firebase" dotted with large 155mm howtizers. As the 'copter's landing gear touches the ground, the cannons unleash a devastating barrage, shaking everyone inside. One by one, the troops get out, covering their ears. You stuff the photo in your pack and prepare to do the same, but the pilot calls out to you. 


"Hey Sergeant! Be careful, it's pretty bad out there, from what I hear."


"Alright, I got it. Thanks for the lift," you respond.


"Roger that. Welcome back to the jungle."
> You continue
You head over to the barracks, where others like you are hustling to find their assigned platoons.  Inside, a single ceiling fan provides the only relief against the heat, which is magnified by the army green walls. You are surprised to see someone you recognize among the rows of identical bunk beds. 


A powerfully built dark-skinned man scowls as he glances at his cards in an intense game of poker with a few other Marines. The pot seems to consist of pornographic photos and a generous amount of alcohol. Once he sees you, however, he drops his cards and grins. 


"Johnny, what are you doing here!" he yells, getting up and hugging you. 


"Corporal Bronski," you say with a smile, "I should be asking you the same." You are stifled by his monstrous embrace. No one calls you "Johnny" other than Bronski, and when someone does, they'll be counting their bruises the next day. 


"Johnny, I thought you were on leave for at least another few weeks. Why are you back in the bush?" he asks you.


 "The moment I arrived at Okinawa, I got called back. Well, I thought, there goes my hopes of scoring with some of the Japanese girls!"


Bronski lets out a deep belly laugh and bends down, clutching his knees. You smile politely as you wait for him to catch his breath. 


"Oh, that makes sense. You see, the Gooks broke their own damned truce for the Tet holiday, and they're attacking us almost everywhere. Some of them even made it into the fucking U.S. embassy. We held them back though, and now we're gonna strike at them. I think you can ask the Lieutenant if you wanna find out more."


"Lieutenant?" You look around the barracks and see only about twenty-five men total, counting you and Bronski. "This is barely a squad, let along a platoon. What do we have a Lieutenant for?"


"Well, most of 2nd platoon is either AWOL, in the hospital, or dead. We've been trying to get replacements, but without much luck. We've got you, which is good, but they also flew in the Lieutenant, fresh from the Naval Academy to command this 'platoon'."


The Marines at the poker table clamor for his attention. "Hey, we gonna finish this game or what?"


Bronski looks at them, then back at you with a smile. "Why don't you join us for some poker, like back in the old days." 


When you were a lowly private, you and Bronski gambled and whored and drank. It passed the time and was hell of a lot of fun. However, you're now a Sergeant; you've got responsibilities to put in order. 


"Bronski, we should probably first talk to the Lieutenant before do anything else." 


"Come on, Johnny, just a round. I'll introduce your new men, too." 
> You stay for a round of poker
It's been a while since you've spent some quality time with your fellow Marines, so you can't refuse. The men cheer as you take a seat at the poker table, and Bronski claps you on the back. You find yourself caught up in the game, so when you find you've run out of money, you're surprised to see that a few hours have passed.


"You gonna bet something, old man?" The platoon machine gunner, Lance Corporal Simmons, grins at you with his heavily scarred face. Getting a face full of shrapnel from a mine earned him the nickname "Capone," but his attempts to make you uncomfortable fail miserably. 


You pull out your Polaroid photo of the woman leaning against the Mustang, and place it into the pot. 


"Who's that?" says PFC "Doc" Roe, who's really grating on you. The pampered college boy keeps spewing out how he's a conscentious objector. With his freckles and blue eyes, it's hard to take him seriously though. 


You're a bit drunk and your lips are loose. "She used to be my wife," you say, "but I don't need to see her face anymore." 


Bronski looks at you sympathetically, and clasps your shoulder with his hand. The veterans around you nod their head and keep quiet, not willing to press you for more information. A silent agreement among soldiers. However, the privates keep bitching about the sun, the food, and the local girls. Some things never change. 


Doc Roe goes on, "Like I was saying, this war is injust. We shouldn't be going to foreign countries and bombing and killing people, while sending our own boys to die for nothing." 


"Shut the hell up, will you! Pussies like you can't handle the Marines. I'd personally like to go out there and shoot me some commies," says Private Lering, his skinny frame betraying his boisterous ego. The two go back and forth, until you are ready to strangle them. However, someone in the room shouts. 


"Atten-hut! Officer on deck!" 


Everyone in the room immediately springs to their feet. The new Marines adopt a clumsy parade rest, but the vets don't bother. You get up and waver a little, unbalanced from the alcohol you've drunk. 


A young man, dressed in immaculately pressed fatigues and shined boots walks into the barracks. He stares at you with a cold grimace. Light reflects off his rank: a single gold bar, or "butter-bar." He must be the Lieutenant. 


"Sergeant, I've been waiting for you to report to me in my quarters, yet you failed to show. I come here and see you gambling while drunk and convorting with the other enlisted. You have failed to act as a responsible leader and broke several military regulations as well!" 


Anger flares up inside you as the Lieutenant continues to rip into you. Who is this boy to insult you: a soldier who's a decade his elder with three years of combat experience? Your men hide looks of disgust as well. You're one of them, the Lieutenant is not. After the Lieutenant is done yelling at you, he moves on to Bronski, who seems to have broken rules since the moment he arrived here. 


The Lieutenant finishes his tirade by saying "you two are a disgrace to the entirety of non-commissioned officers in the United States Marine Corps. It is because of men like you that we are not winning this war!" 


Fuck that. The kid probably has never seen combat before in his life. You stay quiet though, and quickly sober up. 


The Lieutenant sighs, sliding a piece of paper over to you. Orders. 


"We are to participate in a helicopter assault at 0430 tomorrow. Get your men ready. I'll check in the equipment in four hours, there better not be a single defect." He spins around and marches away, his boots sounding against the hardwood floor.


You look at Bronski. "He's quite the officer, ain't he?" 


He replies, "Look, I'm sorry about the Lieutenant, but it isn't the first I got you in trouble with your superiors. Plus, he's like that to everyone." 


Laughing, you say, "Ok, that's fair." 


 You push away your feelings about the Lieutenant as you and Bronski get to work. You muster your half-drunk men and begin preparing equipment, but you are pissed when you find out many can't even disassemble an M-16 rifle. Bronski has the patience to help out, but you mostly yell and intimidate. Part of you is still mad from being scorned by the Lieutenant. 


"What do you mean you can't clean your weapon? What are you gonna do when Charlie's on your ass and your rifle jams?"


Luckily, your hope is restored when you walk past Simmons. He sits in front of you with the various parts of his M-60 machine gun spread out and oiled in record time. 


"Well Simmons, you've got here a pretty display, but can you use it?"


"The Lord trains my hands for war, Sergeant." 


Well, at least there's one part of your platoon that not totally FUBAR. After somehow managing to pass the Lieutenant's inspection, your men go to bed. They seem jumpy, as for many of them it would be their first taste of the jungle. You can only hope it will not be their last. 
> The Assault
In the darkness of early morning, your platoon pile into helicopters, burdened by packs weighing excess of a hundred pounds. C-Rations, ammunition, explosives... you doubt command can confidently resupply you. As they take off, a sense of dread comes over even optimistic men, crammed together in the helicopters. Several take out rosaries and start praying, while others take final glances at pictures of loved ones back home. Some close by glance at you for reassurance, but your grim face offers none. 


The helicopter ride was smooth until the end, where you braved light anti-aircraft fire on landing. Small explosions of black smoke dot the sky as the helicopter descends. Your squad is unscathed, but another helicopter's rotor is hit by the flak. It trails black smoke as it swirls out of control, going down in a great fireball in the jungle. There's no time to mourn as rest of the helicopters land and men start getting out. Mortars go off in the landing zone, their deafening explosions halting your disembarking men in their tracks as they squirm for cover. 


"Get moving! Get to the tree-line or we'll be sending you home in a plastic bag!" you yell while dragging the less courageous soldiers out of cover. 


"Shit Sarge, I don't wanna die here!" one says, with tears dripping down his dirt-covered face. 


"Then pick up your feet and keep moving!" 


With Bronski's help, you push them into the jungle. As the squad enters, the towering trees block the daylight and they are plunged into darkness. Suddenly, it falls silent. You feel swallowed up by the rainforest, as if it were a great beast that forced you into its giant maw. Counting your men, you are relieved none were hurt, aside from a few damaged egos. 


"It didn't look like much from the air, but now the jungle makes me feel so... small," says Doc Roe, though he quickly draws the attention of a jeering Private Lering. 


After marching for a while, you receive orders over the radio for your first operation. A search-and-destroy mission, you have to relocate your men twenty miles to arrive at the objective. The Lieutenant navigates with a map and compass, confident that he is on track. You arrive at the bank of a small river, with no choice but to wade across. 


"What the hell! You make us go through twenty miles of thick jungle, you give us mosquito repellant that doesn't even work, and now this?" says Lering. You silence him with a glare. Leading the squad across the river, your men keep complaining about the conditions, the conscripts making the most noise. 


You mutter to Bronski, "And this is even before they get malaria and dystentry."


Once you get to the other side, you are covered in leeches. The city boys in your regiment start screeching at the sight of them, but Lance Corporal Simmons simply walks over and burns them off with a cigarette. You continue forward, water sloshing in your boots while your wet fatigues stick to your body- they'll never dry in a climate like this. 


The Lieutenant splits the platoon into two, him leading one half and leaving you and Bronski with the other. His detachment is to attack an enemy village harboring guerillas, while your men entrench and cut off escape routes. Finding a nice vantage point, you keep your men in a small grove of trees, concealed by the underbrush. The Lieutenant's squad leaves you and your men behind. Anticipation quickly turns into boredom, as they say: ninety percent of war is waiting for the other ten percent. 


After a few hours, you hear something moving through the forest around a hundred yards to the west. You set your binoculars on them, but you can't see what's making the noise. 



"Is that the Lieutenant and his men?" whispers Bronski. 


"I don't know," you reply. "They went to the east, but they could've circled back here."


Your men, readying their weapons, look at you expectantly. Fear and excitement can be seen in their eyes. 


"What are your orders, Sergeant?" one says. 


You doubt that they're friendlies moving in the brush, but you can't be sure. However, you are set up in a perfect ambush position, and whatever's in there can't see you. With a single word, you can launch a heavy wave of automatic fire at the potential enemies. Your eager men await your command. 
> You say "Hold your fire"
Raising up your right palm, you whisper "Hold your fire!" Your men look at you, confused. Keeping your focus at the possible enemy location, you call for the Simmons and the anti-tank team to ready their heavy weaponry. A few minutes pass, the air filled with tension as your men take aim. Then, out of the brush a few figures emerge. They are well camouflaged, leaves and branches covering their bodies. Viet Cong scouts, you think. They search the area, but can't discern your presence. They gesture behind them, and are followed by almost two dozen more men. They walk quietly out of cover, crouched to the ground. It is the perfect opportunity. 



"Now!" you yell. You and the rest of your squad opens fire. Most of your men fire their M-16s in automatic, spraying at the enemy. You know better though, and take accurate single shots. Simmons' machine gun cuts through the enemy, who fall like scythed wheat. The launcher roars and a high-explosive rocket impacts the center of the enemy column, sending dirt and body parts into the air. The Viet Cong are massacred before they even have a chance to fire back. The shooting ends as quickly as it had begun. In the silence, you hear moans of pain from the Viet Cong position, but your men did not receive a single casualty. 



"What do we do with the survivors?" asks Corporal Bronski. You flip over one who's still alive, checking for insignia, symbols of rank. Nothing. 


"He doesn't have a uniform. These ones, we don't take prisoners," you reply with a grimace. As the sun starts to sets, a few more shots ring out, ending the suffering of the Viet Cong. 
> You continue
You regroup your men as dusk comes upon you. Private Lering boasts about his marksmanship, while Doc Roe shakes his head in disgust. The other Marines are shaking from the adrenaline of the fire-fight, silent about the things they have done. Today, they have finally killed- a baptism of fire.


You are concerned about the whereabouts of the rest of platoon, led by the Lieutenant. Confiding in Bronski, he assures you that they will found, eventually. As he says those words, a flare soars up the sky, basking the jungle with a blood-red light. 


Bronski snorts. "See, I told you." 


You fail to see the humor of the situation. "What is that kid doing! He's revealed his position to everyone in a ten-mile radius!"


The squad marches over to a small clearing containing a single wizened tree, which is the center of a hastily built camp. Green tents flutter in the wind, barely held down by spokes, while the musty smell of gunpowder lingers in the air. By now, a thick fog has covered the jungle.They find their counterparts entrenched in the ground, along with a visibly shaken Lieutenant. They raise their rifles at the sight of you until you yell and reveal yourself. His eyes dart all over until he finds you, and he sighs with relief.


"Sergeant, thank god you're here! When the mist came, we heard sounds from all around the jungle. My men fired at them, but we hit nothing. I have no idea what they are!" Well, at least he didn't friendly fire at you. 


He starts rambling, "We were supposed to attack a guerilla-controlled village, but I didn't find it. I checked my map, but I have no idea where we are! And my compass..."


He takes it out. It's needle is erratically spinning, deciding on five different Norths in a few seconds. 


"Sir, you have to calm down," you say authoritatively. "These men's lives are in your hands. Once you panic, they will follow. We'll try the radio and contact friendly elements." 


You walk over to Private Lering, who's skinny frame strains under the weight of his heavy backpack radio. He's in the process of bartering his chewing tobacco to a larger Marine so that he wouldn't have to carry it, but he quickly snaps to attention at the sight of you. "You catch any signals on that radio?"


"Sorry Sergeant. Nothing but static." You curse the obsolete radio your platoon has recieved. Reassuring the Lieutenant, you advise him to stay bunkered down here until dawn, which he agrees. You walk back to see your squad struggling to set up their own tents. Simmons smokes a cigarette, cradling his machine gun while laughing at the display. 


"Good shooting out there, Simmons. I'd say that you were single-handily responsible for wiping out half of the VC." 


Simmons' smile fades. "Well...thank you, Sergeant."


"Simmons, your shooting made it so not a single one of our men was hurt. You should be proud."


"I don't know, Sergeant. I keep thinking now, when this war is all done and over, how will I feel when I look back on what I've done? How am I going to tell my family what we did here?" You don't answer back, but give him a reassuring pat on the back. You've been having these thoughts with increasing frequency, but they haven't been as distracting to you, as you have no more family to justify yourself to.


A piercing scream drives you awake. Rifle fire erupts soon after, but as you poke your head out, you fail to see what is being fired at. You rush out with your M-16 towards the screaming, barely keeping your footing under the dim moonlight. 


You arrive to find one of your Marines with a rusty metal object embed in his chest. His hands are wrapped tight around the wound, unable to stifle the blood, which flows in rivulets down his uniform. He looks at you with milky eyes, cloudy as the suffocating mist that surrounds you. He gasps for breath, pronouncing barely coherent words. You hesitate, not sure of the best course of action. You don't see the infiltrator who stabbed this man, but you know he must be close by. However, your fellow Marine is dying in front of your, and a medic may take too long to arrive. 
> You call for a Medic and Search for the Infiltrator
You don't have any medical experience, and may do more harm than good. "Corpsmen!" you shout, calling for Private "Doc" Roe to come help. There's nothing for you to do here, so you grab your rifle to try to find what attacked your men. 


Venturing outside of the platoon's perimeter, you look for imprints in the ground or broken twigs, anything that would suggest someone infiltrated here tonight. Nothing. Just as you give up the search, the surrounding mist thickens and engulfs you. A burning sensation wraps around your throat as a chill in the air makes you suddenly cold despite the jungle heat. You fall to the ground gasping for breath, strugging against the invisible vice-like grip around you neck. 


As you start to lose consciousness, you see a tall figure standing above you, his features blotted out like ink. All you can see is a green beret on its head, as well as two fiery orange eyes staring at you with contempt. A Green Beret- they're supposed to be on your side!


Your last words before you die are "Why?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You regroup your men as dusk comes upon you. Private Lering boasts about his marksmanship, while Doc Roe shakes his head in disgust. The other Marines are shaking from the adrenaline of the fire-fight, silent about the things they have done. Today, they have finally killed- a baptism of fire.


You are concerned about the whereabouts of the rest of platoon, led by the Lieutenant. Confiding in Bronski, he assures you that they will found, eventually. As he says those words, a flare soars up the sky, basking the jungle with a blood-red light. 


Bronski snorts. "See, I told you." 


You fail to see the humor of the situation. "What is that kid doing! He's revealed his position to everyone in a ten-mile radius!"


The squad marches over to a small clearing containing a single wizened tree, which is the center of a hastily built camp. Green tents flutter in the wind, barely held down by spokes, while the musty smell of gunpowder lingers in the air. By now, a thick fog has covered the jungle.They find their counterparts entrenched in the ground, along with a visibly shaken Lieutenant. They raise their rifles at the sight of you until you yell and reveal yourself. His eyes dart all over until he finds you, and he sighs with relief.


"Sergeant, thank god you're here! When the mist came, we heard sounds from all around the jungle. My men fired at them, but we hit nothing. I have no idea what they are!" Well, at least he didn't friendly fire at you. 


He starts rambling, "We were supposed to attack a guerilla-controlled village, but I didn't find it. I checked my map, but I have no idea where we are! And my compass..."


He takes it out. It's needle is erratically spinning, deciding on five different Norths in a few seconds. 


"Sir, you have to calm down," you say authoritatively. "These men's lives are in your hands. Once you panic, they will follow. We'll try the radio and contact friendly elements." 


You walk over to Private Lering, who's skinny frame strains under the weight of his heavy backpack radio. He's in the process of bartering his chewing tobacco to a larger Marine so that he wouldn't have to carry it, but he quickly snaps to attention at the sight of you. "You catch any signals on that radio?"


"Sorry Sergeant. Nothing but static." You curse the obsolete radio your platoon has recieved. Reassuring the Lieutenant, you advise him to stay bunkered down here until dawn, which he agrees. You walk back to see your squad struggling to set up their own tents. Simmons smokes a cigarette, cradling his machine gun while laughing at the display. 


"Good shooting out there, Simmons. I'd say that you were single-handily responsible for wiping out half of the VC." 


Simmons' smile fades. "Well...thank you, Sergeant."


"Simmons, your shooting made it so not a single one of our men was hurt. You should be proud."


"I don't know, Sergeant. I keep thinking now, when this war is all done and over, how will I feel when I look back on what I've done? How am I going to tell my family what we did here?" You don't answer back, but give him a reassuring pat on the back. You've been having these thoughts with increasing frequency, but they haven't been as distracting to you, as you have no more family to justify yourself to.


A piercing scream drives you awake. Rifle fire erupts soon after, but as you poke your head out, you fail to see what is being fired at. You rush out with your M-16 towards the screaming, barely keeping your footing under the dim moonlight. 


You arrive to find one of your Marines with a rusty metal object embed in his chest. His hands are wrapped tight around the wound, unable to stifle the blood, which flows in rivulets down his uniform. He looks at you with milky eyes, cloudy as the suffocating mist that surrounds you. He gasps for breath, pronouncing barely coherent words. You hesitate, not sure of the best course of action. You don't see the infiltrator who stabbed this man, but you know he must be close by. However, your fellow Marine is dying in front of your, and a medic may take too long to arrive. 
> You try to Treat His Wound Yourself
You may have no medical experience, but damn it! He's one of your men and it's your duty to protect his life. You call for a Private "Doc" Roe, but don't expect him to arrive, as rifle fire makes movement too dangerous. 


You come to the Marine's side, whispering words of reassurance as you dress his wound. He look up and your horrified to recognize him- he's young Marine who ridiculed you on the helicopter! In his gasping breath you can make out certain words, "The green beret... leeches with teeth... black blood..." He falls unconscious, forcing you to double your efforts save him. The wound gushes out blood, so much blood. It soaks through the bandages, covering your hands and uniform. 


"Don't you give up on me!" you yell, as you scrounge your pack for fresh bandages. You can't find any. You tear off a piece of your sleeping bag and rush back over again, but stop when you see it. A tall figure stands next to the fallen Marine, and bends down to close his eyelids. The figure's face turns towards you but his features are inscrutable, as if blotted with ink. All you see is two orange eyes.


It wears a green beret, a hallmark of the United States Army Special Forces Division, but you realize that he must have been the one who stabbed your comerade. You raise your M-16 and spray at him, but the figure disappears among a wave of mist.


A chill comes over your body despite the jungle heat. You run over to the wounded Marine and feel his pulse. Nothing. Your tears began to flow, though its not the first time you lost a man. You cover your face with your blood-covered hands and grieve. Around you the smothering mist dissipates, leaving you and the dead Marine alone. 
> You continue
As the sun rises, the gunfire stops. Someone puts his hand on your shoulder.


"Johnny, I know it's bad, but your men need you." You recognize Bronski's soft voice and dry your tears. You get up and wash your hands with your canteen, but suddenly you hear a cry of a pain from the camp. You jump in shock and reach for a rifle, only to see Bronski attempting to calm you down. 


"This is serious, then." You run back to camp, and see your men in a circle around the tree. Your eyes fall upon what they are looking at. 


Several of your men lie on the ground, twitching in pain. Their rolled-up sleeves reveal their veins, black as night, showing through their skin. Most are silent in their suffering, waving their heads and whispering words from feverish dreams. At the very least, they are stacked under the shade of the only tree in the clearing. 


Among them is your platoon medic, PFC "Doc" Roe. Private Lering is next to him, trying to comfort him but failing to hide his own distress at seeing his comrade wither away, even though they've never been on the best terms.  


Your mouth opening in shock, you yell "What the hell is going on here?"


The Lieutenant walks up to you, a veneer of confidence on his pale face. "Sergeant, when the mist came, something attacked us from it. Some of our men report seeing bloody Viet Cong uniforms, even though you reported wiping them out yesterday. However, the worst happened after we drove them back, when the mist left." 


Bronski explains, "We all felt a chill after the mist left, and some even felt kind of sink. However, the men in front of you began showing symptoms. An unnatural darkening of the blood visible on the surface of the body. Their skin turning grey and peeling off. Pain and hallucinations. Medicine didn't work for them. Painkillers were ineffective and ran out fast." Bronski was studying nursing in college before enlisting in the Marines. What a waste, you think, but you're glad someone understand's what's going on. 


The Lieutenant says, "What's strange, though, is that only the men who you led in the ambush are sick."


 "They probably had been weakened by malaria and dysentry, though," replies Bronski. 


A decision needs to be made. Your platoon has several "wounded" and one dead. They need medevac, but you're lost and the radio isn't working. The diseased members of your platoons thrash and spasm in pain, making it impossible to transport them in stretchers. If you stay in this place, you are certain that everyone will die if the mist returns. 


Bronski argues, "We don't leave men behind! We stay here, and send a small party of men to search the surrounding area. If they can find help, or at least get our bearings, then we go." 


Shaking his head, the Lieutenant says, "I'm not sacrificing a whole platoon for a few men. We stay here, we will be butchered. We have to get moving, and unfortunately those wounded must stay here until we find help." 


After inconclusive arguing, they turn to you to break the deadlock. Staying would be a noble choice, part of the Marine code. Yet, you know more men will die if you do. You see Lance Corporal Simmons trying to comfort Private Lering, while a grave is dug for the Marine who died last night. You look at your men, at the fear in their eyes. You look at the newer Marines, their shaking hands as they try to muffle out the screams of their dying comrades. Their lives are in your hands. Shouldn't you try to save them?
> You stay with the Wounded
"We're Marines! No man left behind. We can't leave our friends dying in this forsaken hellhole of a jungle!"


The men of your platoon are gathered around you. Their sweaty faces brighten at the conviction in your voice, though you already doubt yourself. Do really believe that? You continue. 


"We stay here and send a team to find help. Meanwhile, let's get this position fortified."


"Oo-rah!" your men call out, inspired by your show of leadership. Their mood brightens for a little as they begin to get to work. You notice, though, that some of them aren't so enthusiastic. Those are the draftees and the grizzled veterans. 


The Lieutenant glares at you. "You've just consigned us to death, Sergeant." 


"Die in honor than live in shame, eh?" You reply in a hollow voice. "I don't have the heart to leave these men behind. We have to stay in this clearing, where it's safe."


"Sergeant, I ask you to think again, is this really the right choice? No matter. If the search party doesn't return in two days, I'll be leading the next one for sure." He walks away, leaving you and Bronski.


"Johnny, don't let him bother you. We'll fortify, stay together, and survive this mess, you hear me?" You nod, but aren't totally convinced by your decision. You could never live with the shame of leaving men behind when you held a dying man in your arms. You get lost in your thoughts as you watch the erection of a hospital tent, where the diseased are put inside.


Bronski leads the efforts to build up the defenses around the area, digging trenches and putting up sandbags and log walls. Your men aren't sappers, but they have a good showing and you are confident in the strength of your defences. However, you look at the ammunition boxes stacked near the walls. You realize that's not enough for a prolonged siege, and your hopes sink agan. 


Lots are drawn and a team of five men, led by the Lance Corporal Simmons, is sent out into the jungle. They are to locate the river you traveled across a few days ago. Then, they will walk along it until they find something or run out of provisions, whichever comes first. You desperately hope they will find help, but part of you doubts they will. 
> A few days pass...
You glance over the wall, searching for any evidence of the returning search party. Nothing, except for the swaying trees of the thick jungle. You sigh, as this is the second search party you've sent that hasn't returned. The hospital tent has filling up with more and more diseased men, all from your ambush squad. The ones who die from the disease appear again as one of the creatures that attack you from the mist. You also feel some pain as well, veins blackening under your dirt-covered hands. You know you can't last much longer. You come back down to address your men, whose numbers have dwindled from the nightly attacks and the mist. They are grim and silent, waiting for you to confirm what they know. 


"Men, I'm sorry. The Lieutenant didn't come back." They stiffen at the news. 


 "I can't tell you how proud I am of you. Only a week ago were you struggling to disassemble your weapons, but now, you fight with bayonets and machetes to save ammo. Your courage and bravery make one thing clear in this hellhole of a jungle- you are the finest Marines I've ever had the privilege to command. However, everyone has a limit. If anyone wants to leave right now, I will let you. Understand, this is the point of no return." 


A voice rings out from the crowd, and an injured Private Lering hobbles up to you. 


"Sergeant, to be honest, if you told me this four days ago, I wouldn't hesitate. However, now I could never leave this squad. This squad is all I have, and the men within it have saved my life countless times. I will fight and die together with my brothers in arms." The rest of your platoon mutter their agreements.


"I see. Well, night falls in a couple of hours. Get the last of the ammunition ready, and sharpen your bayonets. We'll give the jungle one more good fight." 


"Oo-rah!" Your men get to work, repairing damaged fortifications and moving the wounded to strategic locations so that they continue fighting. You turn to Bronski, who's wiping away a tear as he watches the squad. He composes himself and straightens his uniform before talking. 


"How about one last cigarette?" he says, taking out a pack of Marlboros. 


"I thought those ran out days ago!" you laugh. You and Bronski smoke in peace, watching the sun slowly fall, painting hues of blue and red on the sky. 


"You know Bronski, I've never thought I'd die like this. To me, death was always going to be a mine or a sniper, always something that would come out of nowhere." Bronski nods, giving his cigarette a long drag before puffing out smoke from his nose.


"Johnny, I feel the same. I've lived too long, and my time has come to join the ones who died long ago. I can only hope my family could make do without me." He says, trying to keep back the tears. You stamp your cigarette on the ground and pick up your rifle. The sun falls below the tree-line, once again revealing the sinister jungle. 


"It's time for us to join our friends who died before us." He looks you in the eye and gives you one final handshake before moving to his flank of the barricade. You join your men, weapons readied at the surrounding jungle. The birds and the insects stop their chirping as the mist returns.


Dark shapes appear all around you, but you know better to shoot know, not wanting to waste ammunition. The first of the shadows appear, the mangled corpse of the Lieutenant. You put his hateful orange eyes in your sights and take him down with a single shot to the head. More figures emerge- the withered corpses of the dead members of the squad. They scream in familiar voices, but your men destroy them without hesitation. Then, mist thickens, and hundreds of shadows emerge. Some seem to be the dead bodies of Viet Cong, others wear what you guess to be French uniforms. In the middle of them, all stands the Green Beret, directing the corpses to attack. 


"Fire at will!" you yell, and your men put down a wave of bullets at the massive horde. Many of the figures are downed, but some jerk back when hit but keep moving forward. Your rifle runs out of ammo, so you pull your pistol and keep firing. The horde quickly closes in, as the gunfire falters. Ammo has run out. There's but yet one thing to do. 


"Affix bayonets." There's a widespread clicking sound as your men attach their bayonets to the tips of their rifles. Their solemn faces look to you, and a sense of pride emerges within you. 


"Charge!" you yell, your rifle extended towards the horde. Your men yell out war cries and rush towards the enemy, their bayonets gleaming in the pale moonlight. The squad impacts into the front of the horde with such force that many of the shadows are knocked over. However, more move in to replace them, and brutal combat erupts. You stab your rifle bayonet into a battered French shadow, only for it to get stuck. Cursing you draw your machete and finish it off. Suddenly, a whoosh of air comes from behind and you instinctively dodge. You are now facing to face with the Green Beret. He wields a rusty bayonet, drawing your anger as you remember the young Marine he killed before. 


"I won't let you go this time," you say. The Green Beret lunges towards you, but you dodge and trip him onto the ground. However, he grabs your ankle as well, making you plummet as his bayonet makes a gash in your leg. You ignore the pain and roll over, stabbing into the ground as he dodges. He tries to get back up, but you tackle him back down, slashing his throat with your machete. The Green Beret flails his arms, struggling to escape, but you won't let him. Finally, it's body disintegrates in the mist. You've done it. 


Several blades stab into your back, and you collapse. You watch your dwindling men fight against the overwhelming horde. Private Lering uses a wooden branch and clobbers several shadows before being cut down. Bronski has accumulated several slashes in his strategy to push down shadows and stomp them to dust. He too is stabbed in the back and falls. The sounds of fighting grow dim as darkness overtakes you. You smile at the thought of seeing your dead comrades once more. You'll have a lot of war stories to share. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As the sun rises, the gunfire stops. Someone puts his hand on your shoulder.


"Johnny, I know it's bad, but your men need you." You recognize Bronski's soft voice and dry your tears. You get up and wash your hands with your canteen, but suddenly you hear a cry of a pain from the camp. You jump in shock and reach for a rifle, only to see Bronski attempting to calm you down. 


"This is serious, then." You run back to camp, and see your men in a circle around the tree. Your eyes fall upon what they are looking at. 


Several of your men lie on the ground, twitching in pain. Their rolled-up sleeves reveal their veins, black as night, showing through their skin. Most are silent in their suffering, waving their heads and whispering words from feverish dreams. At the very least, they are stacked under the shade of the only tree in the clearing. 


Among them is your platoon medic, PFC "Doc" Roe. Private Lering is next to him, trying to comfort him but failing to hide his own distress at seeing his comrade wither away, even though they've never been on the best terms.  


Your mouth opening in shock, you yell "What the hell is going on here?"


The Lieutenant walks up to you, a veneer of confidence on his pale face. "Sergeant, when the mist came, something attacked us from it. Some of our men report seeing bloody Viet Cong uniforms, even though you reported wiping them out yesterday. However, the worst happened after we drove them back, when the mist left." 


Bronski explains, "We all felt a chill after the mist left, and some even felt kind of sink. However, the men in front of you began showing symptoms. An unnatural darkening of the blood visible on the surface of the body. Their skin turning grey and peeling off. Pain and hallucinations. Medicine didn't work for them. Painkillers were ineffective and ran out fast." Bronski was studying nursing in college before enlisting in the Marines. What a waste, you think, but you're glad someone understand's what's going on. 


The Lieutenant says, "What's strange, though, is that only the men who you led in the ambush are sick."


 "They probably had been weakened by malaria and dysentry, though," replies Bronski. 


A decision needs to be made. Your platoon has several "wounded" and one dead. They need medevac, but you're lost and the radio isn't working. The diseased members of your platoons thrash and spasm in pain, making it impossible to transport them in stretchers. If you stay in this place, you are certain that everyone will die if the mist returns. 


Bronski argues, "We don't leave men behind! We stay here, and send a small party of men to search the surrounding area. If they can find help, or at least get our bearings, then we go." 


Shaking his head, the Lieutenant says, "I'm not sacrificing a whole platoon for a few men. We stay here, we will be butchered. We have to get moving, and unfortunately those wounded must stay here until we find help." 


After inconclusive arguing, they turn to you to break the deadlock. Staying would be a noble choice, part of the Marine code. Yet, you know more men will die if you do. You see Lance Corporal Simmons trying to comfort Private Lering, while a grave is dug for the Marine who died last night. You look at your men, at the fear in their eyes. You look at the newer Marines, their shaking hands as they try to muffle out the screams of their dying comrades. Their lives are in your hands. Shouldn't you try to save them?
> You leave the Wounded Behind
Your men are gathered before you silent. You open your mouth to announce your decision, but the scream of a dying Marine interrupts you. When you do talk, it is barely a whisper. 


"We can't stay here. You know that just as well as I do. We must leave and find help, but we can't take the wounded with us." 


Arguments break out immediately. Your men are furious at your dishonorable orders. Some are secretly relieved, especially the conscripts, but show no outward support for you. 


"I'm not leaving Roe behind," yells Private Lering, and a few other men join with him in agreement. 


"Okay, if any of you wish to stay here, I will allow it," says the Lieutenant, but he fails to quell the anger of the platoon. You feel sick that you've decided to side with a man who's only out here to save his skin. However, there's no other way to keep your platoon alive. 


Bronski looks at your men with a forlorn gaze. "Johnny, why?"


You stutter, "Bronski, it was the only-" but Bronski shakes his head and leaves your side. You observe the healthy men exchange their last farewells with the ones who decided to stay, before packing their tents and gear. All that's left is a small hospital tent, erected to house the diseased and give them a modicum of dignity. 


The rest of the platoon departs from the clearing, leaving behind eight men, four of whom are sick. To find your bearings, you decide to locate the river you'd crossed earlier, and travel along it in search of help. You take one final glance at the clearing, at the men left behind to die, who are staring at you emotionlessly. 
> You continue
It takes hours to trudge back to the river, which is now stagnant and cloudy. You caution your men not to fill their canteens from it and continue along the river bank. It is late afternoon when you find something of interest. 


After walking around five miles, you find a rickety wooden bridge across a narrow part of the river. The jungle is incredibly thick here, so you can't imagine a village to be nearby. But the possibility is there. 


The Lieutenant inspects the bridge. "No more than a single man could walk across this. It might have been build by Viet Cong- there's no guarantee nearby villagers made it." 


Your men are disappointed by the news. Bronski interjects, saying, "We should still explore the area. If we can find a village, then we can find help!" 


The Lieutenant shoots back. "Stop with your prattling, Corporal Bronski. We are not going back into the thick of the jungle to get massacred by whatever's inside that mist. I spotted a large hill while we were walking a mile back. We should get on top and then look for villages or other landmarks. If we find nothing, we can still signal friendly aircraft with flares. I know we haven't heard a single helicopter around here for a while, but one surely one will see us at that height. 


"Wait!" You turn to see Lance Corporal Simmons, the scarred machine-gunner, speak out. "If there is a village nearby, then we could wait by this river for someone from the village to come here. We'll just stay for a day, and then keep going if no one comes." 


It's not a bad idea, but staying an extra day might be fatal considering that you're running out of food quickly. You were planning to find a defensible position for the night, which the bridge would not provide. However, if you can find a villager, then the extra risk could be worth it.

 
> You stay by the Bridge
Diplomatically, you convince Bronski and the Lieutenant to stay by the bridge, meeting both of their plans halfway. Your men dig trenches a little farther away from the river, to avoid water getting inside. The platoon hunkers down for the night, anticipating a return of the mist. 


A red moon reflects off over the flowing river, casting everything in a bloody tint. In the dark, you watch with a "starlight" scope for anything threats or signs of danger. There's nothing yet. The jungle is quiet- no insects or birds seem to be around. 


You hear a bubbling sound coming from the river. The river flows faster and faster, foaming over its banks. Before you can alert your men, water begins flooding out of it, pouring into your trenches. You are swamped by the wave as you fight to get out of your foxhole. Your clothes are soaked completely, extra weight that drags you down as you try to help other men out of the trenches. 


The waves recede, replaced by a sound of something squirming from the river bank. You take out your flashlight and point towards the sound, revealing a black twitching wave converging on you. The wave is made up of leeches- thousands of leeches with glistening stingers. They squirm towards you quickly. You fire your rifle, but it jams after a few shots. An exploding grenade bows a hole into the wave, but it fails to even slow it down. Screams echo across your platoon as you try to run. The leeches sting you through your boots, your feet stiffening as their toxin enters your blood stream. You fall, englufed by the back wave. 


Pain hits you as the leeches latches on to every part of your body. You roll over, crushing the leeches on your back. More replace them. You die a slow death, listening to the screams of your men who you've failed. After the leeches leave, all that's left of you is a sunken, hollowed corpse. You've been consumed by the jungle. 


 

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It takes hours to trudge back to the river, which is now stagnant and cloudy. You caution your men not to fill their canteens from it and continue along the river bank. It is late afternoon when you find something of interest. 


After walking around five miles, you find a rickety wooden bridge across a narrow part of the river. The jungle is incredibly thick here, so you can't imagine a village to be nearby. But the possibility is there. 


The Lieutenant inspects the bridge. "No more than a single man could walk across this. It might have been build by Viet Cong- there's no guarantee nearby villagers made it." 


Your men are disappointed by the news. Bronski interjects, saying, "We should still explore the area. If we can find a village, then we can find help!" 


The Lieutenant shoots back. "Stop with your prattling, Corporal Bronski. We are not going back into the thick of the jungle to get massacred by whatever's inside that mist. I spotted a large hill while we were walking a mile back. We should get on top and then look for villages or other landmarks. If we find nothing, we can still signal friendly aircraft with flares. I know we haven't heard a single helicopter around here for a while, but one surely one will see us at that height. 


"Wait!" You turn to see Lance Corporal Simmons, the scarred machine-gunner, speak out. "If there is a village nearby, then we could wait by this river for someone from the village to come here. We'll just stay for a day, and then keep going if no one comes." 


It's not a bad idea, but staying an extra day might be fatal considering that you're running out of food quickly. You were planning to find a defensible position for the night, which the bridge would not provide. However, if you can find a villager, then the extra risk could be worth it.

 
> You explore the Area for a Village
"Bronski's right," you say. "Who knows what will happen to us if stay here or keep moving on. Our only chance to stay alive and find help is to search for a village." 


Corporal Bronski looks at you, nodding his head while the Lieutenant scowls, "I'm in fucking charge here! We march to the hill, not pursue any fantasy in the forest." 


"I'm with Johnny," Bronski says. "Who else?" Your men shout in assent.


"No, these are my orders. We go to the hill! I could court-martial you, Sergeant." 


Lance Corporal Simmons walks up, his machine-gun in his arms. "Lieutenant? I'd think you're hard-pressed to do that out here." 


Your men form a circle around the Lieutenant, who turns around, surprised at the change of events. His hands move to his pistol holster, but your men draw their rifles on him, forcing him to freeze. He is disarmed and handcuffed by your men, as he shouts a string of profanities out at you. You chuckle. 


"That's behavior quite unbecoming of an officer."


"You'll lead us to death, Sergeant!" 


You divide the platoon into halves to search both sides of the river bank. You assign Bronski to lead one half so you can keep an eye on the Lieutenant, who you've forced to gag to prevent him from yelling. Your men fan out into the jungle, using machetes to slash through heavy vines and undergrowth. After hours of heavy exertion, you are soaked in sweat. You are almost ready to call it quits as the sun falls when one of your men points something out. 


"Hey Sarge, there are some strange-looking trees over there." 


You take out your binoculars and get a closer look. No, they aren't trees at all, but a section of a tall wooden palisade! A large wall made from sharpened tree trunks, whoever built it means business. You spread the word that a man-made structure, possibly a village, has been found. Your men cheer at the news despite being exhausted. You fire a flare into the sky to signal Bronski's squad to come over.


However, the jungle falls suddenly silent. You hear soft footsteps all around you as the mist returns. 


"Shit! We've got to get to the village!" yells a private. Figures began appearing at the edge of the mist, but you know that Bronski's squad is still out there. Should you leave him behind to run to the village, or regroup and fight? 
> You run to the village
No, you've made it so far, and you won't give everything up to throw away your life. You might not have been honest with yourself, but all this time, your decisions have been about your personal survival. 


"Run to the village! Get moving!" you say, prodding your men forward. The mist thickens, and the shadows of the dead return. The mangled bodies of the Viet Cong you've killed approach you with rusty blades; their glowing orange eyes and blotted faces are identical to the Green Beret from last night.


A private briefly stops to fire a burst into the nearest Viet Cong, but it soaks up the bullets and continues shambling. 


"How can they do that?" he gasps, his fear turned to despair. He halts in place, forcing you to drag him with you. 


 Your slower men are overtaken by the dead Viet Cong, sliced to death by their knives. Their screams force the rest of your squad to push harder and faster until you finally arrive at the gate of the village.


"Open up! Please, we're going to die out here!" your men yell, battering the sturdy wooden gate with their rifles. You can hear someone talking in Vietnamese inside the gate, but nothing happens. The dead Viet Cong finish off your slower men and now advance towards you. 


"Use this!" Simmons hands you a satchel charge, used to blow down doors and obstacles. Quickly, you set it up against the gate and run for cover. An explosion rocks the wooden palisade, the settled dust revealing a solid hole inside the gate. Your men rush inside to the sound of screaming Vietnamese girls, pushing past villagers scrambling to repair the hole. You take in your surroundings. 


The village is made of mud-covered buildings that could hardly even qualify as shacks. However, a single sturdy concrete compound starkly stands out among the rest. You realize the significance of this and yell out. 


"This is a fucking Viet Cong stronghold. There may still be some hiding around, search the area!" 


Soon, you men have gathered the villagers, huddled in a tight group to comfort each other. One of your men signals to you. 


"Sergeant, you have to see this," says Lance Corporal Simmons, his scarred face twisted in anger. 


You are led into the concrete compound and see a full Western-style science laboratory inside. Two Marines restrain a wiry Vietnamese man in a lab coat, but your attention is drawn to the contents of the lab. Leeches with long stingers wriggle inside several beakers, a tube extracting a dripping black liquid from them. Photographs of the soldiers of the mist are tacked to the walls. A penciled sketch illustrates the progression of a familiar disease on the human body. A disease that darkens the veins and peels the skin. 


The Vietnamese scientist speaks in frantic, but perfect English. "No, this isn't what you think it is, I've been-"


A gunshot erupts, and his head snaps back. He collapses to the ground, a bullet hole in his forehead. You are surprised to see a pistol in your hand, trailing smoke. A part of your soul withers away as you look at his body, but you ignore the feeling. This village is responsible for the deaths of your men, and now you take your revenge. You look at your men, who have a pure, inarticulate fury in their eyes.  


The platoon's next actions happen spontaneously, without a need for words, for plans. They rampage through the village, killing everything, torching everything. You shut your ears to cries and pleas of the villagers. An elderly woman runs up to you, wearing a once bright blue dress that's faded and covered in dirt. She grabs your shirt, and screams, "Tai Sao?Tai Sao?" You smack her to the ground and shoot her as well. 


The village lies in flame in front of you as the sun rises, dispelling the mist. Your men watch silently, a strange calm in the air. Suddenly, a terrible pain racks your body. You look at your arms as a black tinge starts to flow through your veins. Your screams join the rest of your men, as the disease quickly takes hold. After thrashing in pain for several minutes on the ground, your struggle ends. 


That night, you rise as one of the creatures of the mist. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Bronski's right," you say. "Who knows what will happen to us if stay here or keep moving on. Our only chance to stay alive and find help is to search for a village." 


Corporal Bronski looks at you, nodding his head while the Lieutenant scowls, "I'm in fucking charge here! We march to the hill, not pursue any fantasy in the forest." 


"I'm with Johnny," Bronski says. "Who else?" Your men shout in assent.


"No, these are my orders. We go to the hill! I could court-martial you, Sergeant." 


Lance Corporal Simmons walks up, his machine-gun in his arms. "Lieutenant? I'd think you're hard-pressed to do that out here." 


Your men form a circle around the Lieutenant, who turns around, surprised at the change of events. His hands move to his pistol holster, but your men draw their rifles on him, forcing him to freeze. He is disarmed and handcuffed by your men, as he shouts a string of profanities out at you. You chuckle. 


"That's behavior quite unbecoming of an officer."


"You'll lead us to death, Sergeant!" 


You divide the platoon into halves to search both sides of the river bank. You assign Bronski to lead one half so you can keep an eye on the Lieutenant, who you've forced to gag to prevent him from yelling. Your men fan out into the jungle, using machetes to slash through heavy vines and undergrowth. After hours of heavy exertion, you are soaked in sweat. You are almost ready to call it quits as the sun falls when one of your men points something out. 


"Hey Sarge, there are some strange-looking trees over there." 


You take out your binoculars and get a closer look. No, they aren't trees at all, but a section of a tall wooden palisade! A large wall made from sharpened tree trunks, whoever built it means business. You spread the word that a man-made structure, possibly a village, has been found. Your men cheer at the news despite being exhausted. You fire a flare into the sky to signal Bronski's squad to come over.


However, the jungle falls suddenly silent. You hear soft footsteps all around you as the mist returns. 


"Shit! We've got to get to the village!" yells a private. Figures began appearing at the edge of the mist, but you know that Bronski's squad is still out there. Should you leave him behind to run to the village, or regroup and fight? 
> You regroup with Bronski
You can't abandon Bronski behind. He's your best and only friend, and you won't let him be butchered by the creatures of the mist. 


"This way! We need to support our other half!" you yell. 


You receive a few confused looks until your men realize your plan. 


"Shit, I'm not messing with that!" yells one, who sprints towards the village anyway. He disappears into the mist, but his screams echo from within, dissuading the rest of your men from doing the same. 


Figures emerge from the mist. You see the mangled, shambling corpses of the dead Viet Cong you killed two days ago. They wield rusty blades, their orange eyes glowing in the dark. Some men freeze at the sight of them, but you drag them with you. You rally your men to the erupting sounds of combat near the bridge.


"Friendly, don't shoot!" you yell, as you regroup with the rest of the squad. You see Bronski organizing his men until he looks at you with surprise.


"Looks like you've come back to have some fun, Johnny!" he says, smiling. 


"Could never miss it."


You and Bronski order your men to form a circle so that your fields of fire can cover all flanks. You wait for the mist creatures to arrive, and when the first of them shamble into your sights, your men open fire. Shell casing bounce off the ground as one by one, the dead Viet Cong are shot into pieces.


"I'm out of ammo!" Bronski yells, followed by the rest of the platoon.


You see even more Viet Cong shamble towards you, getting too close. You say, "No time to reload. Affix bayonets!" 


You platoon charges the Viet Cong, engaging in brutal hand to hand combat. Blood flows through the ground, as many of your men succumb to slashes. You are nearly overwhelmed until gunshots ring in the air. 


A group of Vietnamese civilians holds muskets and flintlocks, firing upon the dead Viet Cong. With their support, you manage to eliminate the rest of the mist creatures. The resulting battlefield is packed with the wounded and the dead. You slip on the blood and nearly collapse onto the ground, but Bronski holds you upright. 


"This will be a battle we'll never forget, Johnny." 
> The Science Laboratory
The village gate opens for you, villagers carrying the wounded in stretchers. The village is made of small wooden buildings that could hardly even qualify as shacks. However, a single sturdy concrete compound starkly stands out among the rest. As you come inside, a wiry Vietnamese man in a lab coat approaches you, speaking perfect English. 


"You must have many questions. Come with me to the lab." 


Bronski and you are led into the concrete compound and see a full Western-style science laboratory inside. Leeches with long stingers wriggle inside several beakers, a tube extracting a dripping black liquid from them. Photographs of the soldiers of the mist are tacked to the walls. A penciled sketch illustrates the progression of a familiar disease on the human body. A disease that darkens the veins and peels the skin. 


"What is this! Are you..."


"No, it's complicated. I've called for evacuation for you on my radio, but let me explain what's going on." He takes out an old US Army uniform; it contains the insignia reserved for the most elite of forces- the Green Berets. 


"I was deployed with the Green Berets five years ago to explore the... mysterious disappearance of soldiers in the area. We found that the local tributary of the Mekong River contained a unique species of leech, which had a stinger that could inject a toxin." He picks up the jar of leeches, its inhabitants trying to stab his hand with their stingers through the transparent glass.


"The toxin is responsible for a disease that you are very familiar with at this point." He points to the sketch of the symptoms, making you and Bronski shudder.


"I was a scientist sent to research this toxin, but the Green Berets messed up. All of them were killed by a Viet Cong patrol, except for one. He succumbed to the disease, joined the creatures of the mist. Meanwhile, I salvaged my equipment and ran for this village, where I continued my research until you arrived." 


You glance at Bronski, and back to the scientist. "Isn't this classified."


"It is, Sergeant. I assume the incoming Green Berets will have a lot of questions to ask you." 


You join your men in the village square, some of whom talk and laugh with the villagers. With the mist gone, a beautiful dawn is revealed to you, gold and orange painting the sky. A scowling Lieutenant has been removed from his restraints, but he is so embarrassed that he doesn't even look at you in the face. The whirring rotors of a line of camouflaged helicopters fly towards you. 


"We've survived, Johnny. I can hardly believe it." 


You think above the sacrifices you and your platoon have made, of the men who've died and been left behind. 


"Remember the cost." <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It takes hours to trudge back to the river, which is now stagnant and cloudy. You caution your men not to fill their canteens from it and continue along the river bank. It is late afternoon when you find something of interest. 


After walking around five miles, you find a rickety wooden bridge across a narrow part of the river. The jungle is incredibly thick here, so you can't imagine a village to be nearby. But the possibility is there. 


The Lieutenant inspects the bridge. "No more than a single man could walk across this. It might have been build by Viet Cong- there's no guarantee nearby villagers made it." 


Your men are disappointed by the news. Bronski interjects, saying, "We should still explore the area. If we can find a village, then we can find help!" 


The Lieutenant shoots back. "Stop with your prattling, Corporal Bronski. We are not going back into the thick of the jungle to get massacred by whatever's inside that mist. I spotted a large hill while we were walking a mile back. We should get on top and then look for villages or other landmarks. If we find nothing, we can still signal friendly aircraft with flares. I know we haven't heard a single helicopter around here for a while, but one surely one will see us at that height. 


"Wait!" You turn to see Lance Corporal Simmons, the scarred machine-gunner, speak out. "If there is a village nearby, then we could wait by this river for someone from the village to come here. We'll just stay for a day, and then keep going if no one comes." 


It's not a bad idea, but staying an extra day might be fatal considering that you're running out of food quickly. You were planning to find a defensible position for the night, which the bridge would not provide. However, if you can find a villager, then the extra risk could be worth it.

 
> You keep Traveling towards the Hill
This is no time for fantasizing. There's no village nearby, and searching for one will get you killed.


"Bronski, the Lieutenant is right. The hill is still our best chance of survival." 


"Johnny, we need help as soon as we can get it. We'll have to travel for several days to get up that hill, and we'll be attacked on the way."


The Lieutenant interrupts, saying, "Bronski, mind your own business. The Sergeant knows what he's talking about, not some Corporal who's been demoted for failing to control his drink." 


Bronski looks at you, his eyes pleading, but you shake your head. He bows his head in defeat. 


"Johnny, the war's changed you. I can hardly recognize you by your actions now." 


You spend the next few days marching towards the hill. Every night, the mist returns. You fight the figures inside it, and are wounded several times. Morning brings the discovery that more of your men have been killed. Your platoon shrinks to half of former size. Still, no matter how hard you march you never seem to arrive at the hill. More days pass and you notice your men whispering to each other. Suspicious looks are on their brows. 


During a heavy march, a great pain erupts in your body. You look at your arms as a black tinge starts to flow through your veins. You fall down, your wounds seeping pus out of your bandages. 


"Johnny! Johnny!" Bronski, who was at the back of the column, runs up to you. He looks back at the platoon and tell everyone to halt. 


You faintly moan out, "Bronski, is that you? Are we still in boot camp? Shit, is the drill sergeant gonna bust my ass for not waking up?" 


"Johnny, you're delirious. The disease has hit you too. I have to help you."


"Bronski... I don't know what you're talking about. I feel pretty bad. Bronski, you ain't mad at me are you?" 


Bronski is now visibly crying. "No Johnny, I'm not mad. Now, you stay with me. We've got some antibiotics, and we'll patch you up."


The Lieutenant walks over with a grim face. Your illness, however, distracts everyone from a small group of your men huddled next to a tree. They've been upset with their leadership, who's responsible for getting them lost in the jungle, abandoning their comrades, and driving them exhausted marching through the forest while been slaughtered at night. One takes out a grenade and pulls the pin. 


You are deafened by a large explosion. Shrapnel punctures your stomach and lungs, forcing you to heave for breath. You see the Lieutenant blown into pieces, while Bronski collapses covered in blood. Your eyes meet as you lay dying on the jungle floor. 


"Johnny, I'll see you on the other side." 


You smile as darkness overtakes you. 


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>In the darkness of early morning, your platoon pile into helicopters, burdened by packs weighing excess of a hundred pounds. C-Rations, ammunition, explosives... you doubt command can confidently resupply you. As they take off, a sense of dread comes over even optimistic men, crammed together in the helicopters. Several take out rosaries and start praying, while others take final glances at pictures of loved ones back home. Some close by glance at you for reassurance, but your grim face offers none. 


The helicopter ride was smooth until the end, where you braved light anti-aircraft fire on landing. Small explosions of black smoke dot the sky as the helicopter descends. Your squad is unscathed, but another helicopter's rotor is hit by the flak. It trails black smoke as it swirls out of control, going down in a great fireball in the jungle. There's no time to mourn as rest of the helicopters land and men start getting out. Mortars go off in the landing zone, their deafening explosions halting your disembarking men in their tracks as they squirm for cover. 


"Get moving! Get to the tree-line or we'll be sending you home in a plastic bag!" you yell while dragging the less courageous soldiers out of cover. 


"Shit Sarge, I don't wanna die here!" one says, with tears dripping down his dirt-covered face. 


"Then pick up your feet and keep moving!" 


With Bronski's help, you push them into the jungle. As the squad enters, the towering trees block the daylight and they are plunged into darkness. Suddenly, it falls silent. You feel swallowed up by the rainforest, as if it were a great beast that forced you into its giant maw. Counting your men, you are relieved none were hurt, aside from a few damaged egos. 


"It didn't look like much from the air, but now the jungle makes me feel so... small," says Doc Roe, though he quickly draws the attention of a jeering Private Lering. 


After marching for a while, you receive orders over the radio for your first operation. A search-and-destroy mission, you have to relocate your men twenty miles to arrive at the objective. The Lieutenant navigates with a map and compass, confident that he is on track. You arrive at the bank of a small river, with no choice but to wade across. 


"What the hell! You make us go through twenty miles of thick jungle, you give us mosquito repellant that doesn't even work, and now this?" says Lering. You silence him with a glare. Leading the squad across the river, your men keep complaining about the conditions, the conscripts making the most noise. 


You mutter to Bronski, "And this is even before they get malaria and dystentry."


Once you get to the other side, you are covered in leeches. The city boys in your regiment start screeching at the sight of them, but Lance Corporal Simmons simply walks over and burns them off with a cigarette. You continue forward, water sloshing in your boots while your wet fatigues stick to your body- they'll never dry in a climate like this. 


The Lieutenant splits the platoon into two, him leading one half and leaving you and Bronski with the other. His detachment is to attack an enemy village harboring guerillas, while your men entrench and cut off escape routes. Finding a nice vantage point, you keep your men in a small grove of trees, concealed by the underbrush. The Lieutenant's squad leaves you and your men behind. Anticipation quickly turns into boredom, as they say: ninety percent of war is waiting for the other ten percent. 


After a few hours, you hear something moving through the forest around a hundred yards to the west. You set your binoculars on them, but you can't see what's making the noise. 



"Is that the Lieutenant and his men?" whispers Bronski. 


"I don't know," you reply. "They went to the east, but they could've circled back here."


Your men, readying their weapons, look at you expectantly. Fear and excitement can be seen in their eyes. 


"What are your orders, Sergeant?" one says. 


You doubt that they're friendlies moving in the brush, but you can't be sure. However, you are set up in a perfect ambush position, and whatever's in there can't see you. With a single word, you can launch a heavy wave of automatic fire at the potential enemies. Your eager men await your command. 
> You say "Open fire!"
"Open fire!" you yell, and your squad unloads heavy automatic fire on the possible enemy location. Leaves ripple through the air as the weapons kicks up a cloud of dust. After a minute of sustained fire, the squad run out of ammo. 


You breathe deeply, with sweat on your brow. "Did we do it?" you think. 


A whizzing sound comes from the air. Instinctively, you jump to the ground and take cover as an explosion impacts the left flank. More whizzing, more explosions. "They've got us pinned with mortars!" you yell. A couple of your men scream, their legs blown off by the mortars. Doc Roe rushes over to them, but he's struck by a bullet and collapses on to the ground. 


From the brush, the Viet Cong strike back at you. Well camouflaged, they suffered minimal casualties from your opening barrage. Now, they counterattack at you with overwhelming force. Simmons fires his machine gun at them, cutting down a few before a grenade knocks him back and destroys the machine gun. He coughs out blood but gets up again, firing his pistol until he's riddled by a hailstorm of bullets. 


You briefly lift your head only to have a bullet graze you, making you flinch. You see around two dozen VC charging your position with bayonet attached rifles, yelling in their foreign language. Heavily outnumbered, you cry for your men to fall back while you try to reload your rifle. Your order doesn't go through as a mortar shell directly impacts the ground above you, drowning out your voice. Uplifted dirt falls and buries you, while a sharp stabbing pain comes from your leg. Private Lering frantically looks for you before a bullet pierces his helmet. Entombed by the dirt, you fall unconscious, while the light footsteps of the Viet Cong run past you. 
> You alone with Bronski
A muffled voice calls out, "Johnny, where are you? Shit, don't tell me they got you. Johnny!" 


You groan out in pain, and the voice gets closer. A moment passes as you feel you are dug out of the ground. Gasping for breath, you are happy to see Bronski's concerned face as he pulls you and dusts you off. You try to get to your feet, but immediately fall as your leg explodes in pain. You see a large piece of shrapnel stuck in your calf, which is oozing blood through your uniform. It must have been a fragment of the mortar shell which impacted so close to you. 


"Shit!" Bronski says. He brings out his first aid kit to treat your wound. Cutting away your blood-soaked pant leg, he takes a pair of tweezers and a piece of cloth. He whispers, "I won't lie to you. This is gonna hurt, but you can't yell out. There's something in the jungle. Bite down on this." You do as he says, and he pulls the shrapnel out of your leg with the tweezers. Your cry of pain is muffled by the cloth. In no time, Bronski has disinfected and bandaged your wound.


"Can you stand?" Bronski links his elbow around yours and helps you up. Throbbing pain emerges from your calf, but you ignore it and straighten yourself. You look around the area but are surprised that you don't see the bodies of your fallen men. Bronski guesses that they might have been dragged away by the Viet Cong as trophies of war, grisly as that sounds. Though he confirms that some managed to run away, he only survived by hiding in the foliage and shooting a Viet Cong that got too close with his pistol. 


It's night. The dark jungle is full of chirping insects and birds, but you can barely see your hand in front of your face. If it weren't for Bronski's flashlight, you'd be completely blind. He says, "We can't stay here. Though the Viet Cong left, I felt like something was still here, watching us. At any rate, the VC may return as well. We have to get out of here. I'm sorry, Johnny, but you're gonna have to walk." 


"Don't worry Bronski, I'm sure it wouldn't be as bad as that time in boot camp when we had to hold hands and walk into the ocean," you say, trying to lighten the mood. Though Bronski has linked elbows with you, walking brings excruciating pain and you have to stop several times. You haven't made much progress out of the area when suddenly, a thick mist forms around you. Its presence is stifling, like a huge pillow covering you and slowing your step. 


Bronski freezes. A tall figure stands a few yards from you. It stares directly at you, but you can't see its face, as if it were blotted out with ink. All you can see are its two fiery orange eyes that glean through the mist.  Its head is covered by a distinctive beret. 


"Is, is that a Green Beret? US Army Special Forces?" you ask Bronski.


"It may look like one, but that's not a person." Bronski raises his pistol and fires at the figure, but it disappears in the swirling mist. 


As that happens, you hear a raspy voice call out from the mist. "Sergeant! You killed us!" 


You look around, but don't see where it came from. Bronski tenses as he hears it, slowly circling with his pistol. The voice repeats, accompanied by another. Your eyes widen when you recognize the deep baritone of Lance Corporal Simmons. 


"Sergeant, where were you when I was cut to pieces by bullets?" More voices add to the fray, the voices of every dead man you've failed. Private Lering's, PFC Roe's, they all built up into a screeching cacophony. 


"You let us die! You failed to protect us! You hid for safety as we were butchered! Now, we're going to make you feel our pain!" You try to cover your ears, but the voices only get louder. You whimper for them to stop. 


"Ignore them, Johnny! You have to snap out of it!" says Bronski. He helps you hobble out of the mist, pushing you forward at an unrelenting pace. To your sides you see your deceased squadmates wander out of the mist, faces blotted and eyes orange like the Green Beret. They shamble towards you, screaming accusations at you. The ones blown to pieces by mortars appear as well, seemingly stitched together. They approach holding rusty blades, but Bronski blasts them back with his pistol. Soon, you get out of the mist and collapse on a tree trunk, exhausted. A deep sleep overtakes you, protecting you from the shame of your sins. 
> You morning with Bronski
The rising sun dispels the mist while bringing back the famous tenderizing heat of Vietnam. You and Bronski manage a few more miles through the jungle before succumbing to fatigue. Stopping for a drink, you guzzle down water until your canteen is bone dry. Shit, you're still thirsty though. You both sit under the shade of a tree, occupied by your thoughts. Eventually, you muster up the courage to ask, "What was that last night?" 


Bronski stares out into the distance. "Something...unnatural. It reminds me of an old bedtime story my grandma told me when I lived in the South - about Civil War soldiers."


You perk up, curious. Bronski has never talked about his childhood. 


"What was the story about?"


"Legend has it that there are patches of land in the South that saw vicious fighting- where men didn't shoot at each other in lines but fought and killed using hands, feet, and teeth. Sometimes, those places would be the graves of thousands of men. All that fighting and death would leave its mark, and the souls of the dead would stay there, fighting each other in an eternal battle. If you killed someone in a place like that, then the dead will rise and drag you into the ground with them, until you become one of them." 


You laugh, "That's a strange story to tell a child." 


Bronski nods his head and smirks. "I guess so. My grandma was a fine woman, but she was always a little off in the head."


You hope the same for yourself, that you're just crazy or delirious and imagined what you saw in the mist yesterday. But the accusations from your dead comrades, damning you to hell, still ring in your ears. You can still see their mangled bodies, their crooked gait as they reach for you. And their faces, orange eyes of utter hate staring into your soul. No, what you saw was real. Regret rolls over you, that your faulty order caused the death of your entire squad. You then realize something that makes you get up in shock, though pain shoots through your leg. 


"Shit Bronski, what about the Lieutenant? Is his squad still alive? We have to find them!" 


Bronski calms you down and changes your bandages as your sudden movement caused your wound to bleed again. You need stitches, but Bronski's doesn't want your injury to be infected by shoddy needlework. 


"You're right, we should look for him, but where? Johnny, our canteens are dry, and I'd hate to be stuck out in the jungle without water." 


You'll return to the river you passed earlier, but that'll take time due to your bad leg. Should you risk searching for the Lieutenant's men, or play it safe and fill up on water? 
> You go to the river to fill up your canteen
No, you are in no condition to go on a goose hunt for the Lieutenant. You can only hope that his training at the Naval Academy will help him lead a group of frightened men- if they encountered the mist as well. Going to the river might also increase your chances of finding help. You're sure its the right choice. 


Bronski fashions makeshift crutches for you before leaving. They're unwieldy and catch easily in the jungle underbrush, but at least Bronski won't have to babysit you on every step. Despite your situation, you're glad that at least you're here with Bronski. He's saved your life several times last night, so you hope you can repay the favor. 


Slowly but surely, you follow the squad's tracks from before and end up at the river. The flowing stream seems clean enough, but you pop some purification tablets into your canteen anyway. You and Bronski take a short nap near the river, before deciding on your next course of action. 


"Johnny, maybe we should search along this river. We've lost our radioman, but we need to signal for help somehow." You look down at the long stretching river, which goes far into the distance. Certainly, if you travel along its banks long enough you'll find something or someone that could help you. However, you've lost an entire squad already. You try to push the fact away, but it haunts you at the back of your mind. You can't let that happen again, and with the Lieutenant in charge, who knows what could happen to the rest of your men? 
> You search for help along the river
"Bronski, I don't want to leave him behind."


"I understand, Johnny, but you are in no condition to lead. Finding help is the best thing you could do for them now."


As you march along the riverbank, you enjoy the sound of the flowing water. It relaxes you and takes your mind off your worries and the impending dangers. As the sun sets, Bronski boils a stew to supplement your dwindling rations. As he takes a potful of water from the river, he stops, confused. 


"What's the matter?" you say. Bronski carefully reaches into the pot and takes out a wriggling black worm. It looks like a leech, but a closer examination reveals a small stinger coming out of its back. He tosses the leech back into the river. 


He says, "Well, I had several of these attached to me a few days ago as we waded through the river. I can only imagine what kind of nasty toxins it has inside that stinger." 


After dinner, you have the first watch. As the mist hasn't arrived yet, you start to doze off, until you realize something strange. The once flowing river is stagnant, and a quiet bubbling noise emanates from it. You point your flashlight at the river and see thousands of black leeches at the riverbank, slowly squirming out of the water towards you.


"Bronski, get up. We have to run!"


The bubbling gets much louder as the river overflows its banks, sending the leeches towards you. 


Bronski and you abandon your camp and try to get as deep into the jungle as you can, but the leeches are surprisingly fast, and you are slowed down by your leg injury and crutches. You feel a few stings as some of the leeches catch up with you. 


"Leave me behind, Bronski!" 


He hesitates, not willing to let go of you, but you urge him away once more. The last thing you see before the black wave of leeches overtakes you is Bronski frantically running into the jungle. You hope he can find help and avoid your fate, as you are consumed by the jungle. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No, you are in no condition to go on a goose hunt for the Lieutenant. You can only hope that his training at the Naval Academy will help him lead a group of frightened men- if they encountered the mist as well. Going to the river might also increase your chances of finding help. You're sure its the right choice. 


Bronski fashions makeshift crutches for you before leaving. They're unwieldy and catch easily in the jungle underbrush, but at least Bronski won't have to babysit you on every step. Despite your situation, you're glad that at least you're here with Bronski. He's saved your life several times last night, so you hope you can repay the favor. 


Slowly but surely, you follow the squad's tracks from before and end up at the river. The flowing stream seems clean enough, but you pop some purification tablets into your canteen anyway. You and Bronski take a short nap near the river, before deciding on your next course of action. 


"Johnny, maybe we should search along this river. We've lost our radioman, but we need to signal for help somehow." You look down at the long stretching river, which goes far into the distance. Certainly, if you travel along its banks long enough you'll find something or someone that could help you. However, you've lost an entire squad already. You try to push the fact away, but it haunts you at the back of your mind. You can't let that happen again, and with the Lieutenant in charge, who knows what could happen to the rest of your men? 
> You return to the jungle to find the Lieutenant
"No, Bronski, I can't abandon him. Too many have already died." 


"Johnny, I know you feel guilty, but the best thing you could do for him is to find help!" You shake your head, and Bronski sighs. 


You search the general area, not finding much due to the nature of the jungle- footprints and broken twigs are quickly concealed by new growth. Yet, you notice a faint smell in one part of the jungle. A familiar smell, one recognized from prior experience traveling through devastated battlefields in the sweltering sun. It's the smell of death. 


Bronski recognizes it as well, and you head in its direction. Eventually, you arrive at a clearing containing man-made defenses, like log walls, trenches, and sandbags. In the middle of the clearing stands a tree, where a pile of bodies is stacked against it. One of the bodies dangles from a rope around its neck. The flies covering the body fail to conceal the single gold bar on his lapel. It's the Lieutenant.


Bronski bends over and throws up. You control your gag reflex, as you've seen far worse than this. Other than the bodies, the clearing is abandoned. Looking around, you quickly deduce what occurred here.


The Lieutenant wasn't a popular man, given his insistence on following military regulation to the letter. Likely, he was killed by his men, once they grew dissatisfied with his leadership and especially since you and Bronski weren't there to stop them. Known as "fragging"(due to the use of grenades), you've never seen this happen in such a visceral way as hanging. Looking at the stacked up bodies, you realize why. 


A gruesome disease seems to have afflicted them. Their veins at the surface of the body are black, the skin slowly peeling off. Looking at the scratches on the tree and the dirt, you realize that those men had died thrashing around in pain. No wonder why the Lieutenant was killed by the platoon. They must have blamed the Lieutenant for the plight of the sick men. Afterward, without a proper leader they would scatter into the jungle, and who knows where they are now? 


Bronski is still retching and sick, which surprises you. He's an experienced Marine and surely shouldn't be put off by a few bodies, though he may have been especially close to the dead men. Maybe there's something else bothering him. Suddenly, he runs into the jungle at full speed. You try to chase him, but you can't catch up by using your crutches. Your only friend has abandoned you in the jungle. 
> You that night...
Your entire platoon is either dead or deserted, and even Bronski has abandoned you. You are extremely angry at your lack of control; it's as if the world is stamping you the ground, grinding you to dust. You haven't felt this way since... your wife left you and took everything you held dear- your home, your children, your status. And now this jungle will do the same for you. 


Unconsciously, you wander around the mass graveyard of your platoon. Ignoring the bodies and the smell, you gather all the weapons and ammunition you could find. You end up with around six rifles, three pistols, as well as a machinegun and a rocket launcher with ammo to spare. You decide to find a nice vantage point and wait for night to fall. 


Tonight, a blood-red moon is in the sky, its glare illuminating your surroundings. The mist rolls in, with the return of the voices of your squadmates accusing you of their death. Added to the cacophony is the Lieutenant's voice. You lie in wait as the first of your dead comrades walks into your sights.


Firing the machine-gun, you cut it down, but the mist creature soaks up far more shots than a regular human would. More and more of your dead platoon members return, but your accurate gunfire stops them. Though they get up and reform after falling them, you fire the rocket launcher at the horde, which scatters and destroys them. The mist is unrelenting though, and soon dead Viet Cong bodies and what you can only assume to be dead French soldiers attack as well. You pull out your pistol and bayonet and fight them in close quarters. Just as you've run out of ammo, the field around you is covered with the bodies of dead soldiers. 


Just one remains. The Green Beret, walking towards you has a rusty bayonet of his own. He moves with surprising speed, lunging at you with his bayonet, but you dash to the slide and slash at his abdomen. Unfazed, he stabs at you thrice in quick succession, but you dodge one and let the other bounce off your flak jacket. You feint with your knife but then pistol-whip him in the face. As he's dazed, you follow up by plowing him onto the ground and slitting his throat. Exhausted and wounded, you collapse onto the ground. 


One more figure walks up to you. You struggle to get up, but the whole night of fighting renders you unable. The figure walks closer. You're horrified to see Bronski, transformed like the rest of the dead. He stares at you with orange eyes, cold and inhuman. 


"You were sick, weren't you? That's why you ran away from me, into the jungle. You were still trying to save me." You wait for a response, but he's silent. You open yourself up for attack, but he doesn't move. 


"No Johnny, I can't kill you. The jungle has proved to be your true home. You may not be dead, but you are still one of us." 


Bronski walks away, disappearing with the mist along with the bodies of the dead soldiers. You are left in the field, weapons and shell casings scattered all over. Slowly, you find the strength to get up and patch up your injuries. As you search the equipment the soldiers the left behind, you find an old backpack radio. You briefly consider calling for evacuation but decide against it. Bronski was right- you belong here. You sling a rifle over your shoulder and walk into the jungle thick, searching for another fight. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The rising sun dispels the mist while bringing back the famous tenderizing heat of Vietnam. You and Bronski manage a few more miles through the jungle before succumbing to fatigue. Stopping for a drink, you guzzle down water until your canteen is bone dry. Shit, you're still thirsty though. You both sit under the shade of a tree, occupied by your thoughts. Eventually, you muster up the courage to ask, "What was that last night?" 


Bronski stares out into the distance. "Something...unnatural. It reminds me of an old bedtime story my grandma told me when I lived in the South - about Civil War soldiers."


You perk up, curious. Bronski has never talked about his childhood. 


"What was the story about?"


"Legend has it that there are patches of land in the South that saw vicious fighting- where men didn't shoot at each other in lines but fought and killed using hands, feet, and teeth. Sometimes, those places would be the graves of thousands of men. All that fighting and death would leave its mark, and the souls of the dead would stay there, fighting each other in an eternal battle. If you killed someone in a place like that, then the dead will rise and drag you into the ground with them, until you become one of them." 


You laugh, "That's a strange story to tell a child." 


Bronski nods his head and smirks. "I guess so. My grandma was a fine woman, but she was always a little off in the head."


You hope the same for yourself, that you're just crazy or delirious and imagined what you saw in the mist yesterday. But the accusations from your dead comrades, damning you to hell, still ring in your ears. You can still see their mangled bodies, their crooked gait as they reach for you. And their faces, orange eyes of utter hate staring into your soul. No, what you saw was real. Regret rolls over you, that your faulty order caused the death of your entire squad. You then realize something that makes you get up in shock, though pain shoots through your leg. 


"Shit Bronski, what about the Lieutenant? Is his squad still alive? We have to find them!" 


Bronski calms you down and changes your bandages as your sudden movement caused your wound to bleed again. You need stitches, but Bronski's doesn't want your injury to be infected by shoddy needlework. 


"You're right, we should look for him, but where? Johnny, our canteens are dry, and I'd hate to be stuck out in the jungle without water." 


You'll return to the river you passed earlier, but that'll take time due to your bad leg. Should you risk searching for the Lieutenant's men, or play it safe and fill up on water? 
> You search for the Lieutenant's squad
Your duty as a sergeant weighs over you. You've failed miserably to protect the men under your command, but perhaps you could still save the rest of your platoon. Bronski is wary at your decision, given your current lack of water, but realizes that you truly feel responsible for the death of your men. He agrees to come with you, and fashions a makeshift pair of crutches to help you move better. 


The crutches make you feel loud and clumsy, as they often snag on the jungle undergrowth, but at least Bronski doesn't have to help you with every step. You backtrack through the jungle, in hopes of finding the trail that the Lieutenant and his men left behind. Returning to the site of your squad's slaughter, you find something quite unnerving. 


Though none of your men's bodies are left, you find several Viet Cong soldiers dying on the ground. Their veins are black as night, their skin gray and peeling away. Thrashing in pain, when you approach them, they cry out to you in their foreign language. Though you don't understand what they are saying, it's clear what they want: end their suffering.


You raise your rifle, ready to oblige their final desire, but Bronski stops you. His face is pained, unlike his usually calm and optimistic demeanor. Your mouth gapes wide open as he pulls up his arm sleeve. His skin has turned gray as well, revealing black-blooded veins through his once dark skin. 


"H-h-how?" you stutter out. No, this can't be happening. You shut out a mental image of Bronski screaming in pain like the VC on the ground. 


"Johnny, I didn't want to show you this. You were hurt yourself, and I didn't want to burden you with my problems." 


"So why did you stop me from shoo-"


"Because I didn't want this to happen to you too!" Bronski sighs. "As I said, when I was hiding after our squad broke, I shot a Viet Cong soldier who got too close. Suddenly, I felt a horrible pain through my body, but it faded immediately. Johnny, I've never killed before. Can you imagine that? After spending years in the bush, I've never shot a single Viet Cong. So at first, I just thought my mind was acting up. But the pain returned, and it got worse through the night..." Bronski trails off. 


You don't say it, but you are reminded of Bronski's story. He's killed someone, and now he will be dragged to the grave himself. It's strangely comical as if Bronski's just joking around with you like he always does.  A hollow laugh comes out of you, followed by tears. You can't accept it- that your only friend will die a painful death, leaving you stranded in the jungle. No, you won't accept it. You quickly wipe away your tears and look up at Bronski. 


"Listen here," you say, "I'm not going to let you die. Forget about the mission, the objective we had to capture. We're going to get out of this damn jungle, and we're going to get you help. Bronski, I promise you, I will do anything to make sure you return home safe to see your wife and kids."


"Johnny, you will do this... for me?"


"Of course I will. If so, it would be the one good thing that has happened in this terrible goddamn war."


No time to waste, you begin to make plans. The Lieutenant is still out there somewhere, but he would have something that could help Bronski? No, you have to find something else, a high vantage point or a strong radio, which you can use to call for an evacuation. With your radioman dead, the latter would be much more difficult. Perhaps the Viet Cong had something of use? Maybe you should search for their base camp instead. 
> You find a high vantage point to signal for evacuation
Tangling around with the Viet Cong is a bad idea, and you have no info on the Lieutenant to justify searching for him either. You saw a tall hill a few days ago, which you guess would be around 40 miles away to the northeast. You'll get to the top and use signal flares to call for evacuation if you manage to find friendly air forces in the area. 


Refilling your canteens from the fallen Viet Cong, you abstain from mercy killing them, as you don't want to risk Bronski's illness being worsened as a result. You begin marching through the treacherous jungle, pushing yourself to go fast despite your crutches. 


For the next few days, you travel. At night, the mist returns, but you only see the Green Beret this time, staring at you from a distance. Bronski gets worse and worse until you are faster than him with your crutches. You encourage him the best you can, telling stories from your war experiences and reminding him to keep pushing forward, so that he may eventually see his family again. Yet, the symptoms keep increasing in severity. 


During the fifth day of your march, Bronski's legs give way, and he collapses on the ground.


"Shit Bronski, no!" You stumble over to him and try to lift him again, but he's too heavy. His condition is now similar to the Viet Cong soldiers you saw, spasming on the ground in pain. 


"Johnny, Johnny." He groans out. 


"Bronski, you have to keep going! The hill is only a few more hours away!" 


"Johnny, thank you for trying to help me. Can you do one last thing for me, please?"


You stifle your tears. "Don't you be saying stuff like that, Bronski. It's just a few more hours away, we'll get you home."


"Johnny, I don't want to be turned into one of those things in the mist. Can you do that for me?"


"It won't come to that, but I will if it makes you feel better. Just, stay still, and I'll drag you to the hill." 


It's difficult, but you can't leave him there. You tie Bronski's ankles to your feet, allowing you to drag him forward while still using your crutches. He's a large man, and every step is difficult. Your back starts aching like it's on fire, but you ignore it and keep moving. You keep your sight on the large hill up ahead, only a few more miles further. Keep going, keep going. Your feel your Achilles tendon tear, but you ignore it. Keep going, keep going. Now you're at the edge of the large hill, the incline making it even more difficult to climb up. Keep going, keep going. One of your crutches snaps in the effort, almost causing you to slide off the hill, but you stabilize with your remaining crutch. Keep going, and keep going. The other crutch snaps as well, forcing you to crawl forward on your hands while pulling Bronski behind you. The sharp pebbles of the mountain tear into your palms, leaving a blood trail every few feet you go. Keep going. You arrive at the top as the sun begins to set. 


"Yes! Yes! We did it Bronski!" You've never seen a more beautiful sunset in your life. You start fumbling out some flares from your pack, lighting them on top of the hill. However, the red light allows you to notice something. Bronski is gone. 


No, no, no, that can't be. You close your eyes and open them again. You don't see him. You drag yourself all around the hilltop, calling his name. You don't see him. You look at the rope coil at your feet, which was once tied around his legs. Now, it's tied around a pistol. Bronski's pistol. A Colt Model 1911, powerful and reliable like it's owner. 


You scream your lungs out, releasing a war's worth of hidden pain, anger, and torment. Screaming until your voice gets hoarse, you collapse on the ground and gasp for breath. A great calm comes upon you, and the sounds of the jungle fade away.  You untie Bronski's pistol, which is covered in blood. You fervently try to wipe it away, but its no use. Well, that doesn't matter. You check to see if the pistol is loaded and close your eyes, pointing its barrel at your temple.


The mist gathers around you again, but you don't pay it any attention. Your fingers tighten around the trigger, slowly pulling it. Halfway through, you hear a soft voice... 


"When Johnny comes marching home again,


Hurrah! Hurrah!


We'll give him a hearty welcome then


Hurrah! Hurrah!


The men will cheer and the boys will shout


The ladies they will all turn out


And we'll all feel gay when Johnny comes marching home" 



It's a familiar voice- Bronski's voice. Your index finger loosens around the trigger before you remove it entirely. You've made a promise with Bronski, and now you must keep it. You slowly stumble down the hill, while he keeps singing. 


The old church bell will peal with joy

Hurrah! Hurrah!

To welcome home our darling boy,

Hurrah! Hurrah!



You are near the bottom, and you see a figure, with his back turned against you. Your hands shaking, you raise the pistol at it. It turns around, and despite it's blotted face and orange eyes, you can tell that it is him- Bronski. Your finger comes off the trigger, as you hesitate. It stares at you, its cold orange eyes showing no emotion, showing no humanity. 


We'll give the hero three times three,

Hurrah! Hurrah!

The laurel wreath is ready now

To place upon his loyal brow

And we'll all…



No, it may look like him, but it's not him. You fire the pistol at its head two times. The figure that looks like Bronski collapses, but all it does is laugh, a deep belly laugh- which you would hear when Bronski would tell an especially funny joke and then laugh at himself. You walk up to the figure and empty your magazine into it. The body disintegrates, but the laughing continues inside your head. In an impulse, you turn the pistol on yourself, but there's no more ammo. You fall to the ground and throw the pistol far into the jungle. 


As you lie catatonic on the floor, the whirring rotors of a rescue helicopter sound above you, but you don't hear it. 


 

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your duty as a sergeant weighs over you. You've failed miserably to protect the men under your command, but perhaps you could still save the rest of your platoon. Bronski is wary at your decision, given your current lack of water, but realizes that you truly feel responsible for the death of your men. He agrees to come with you, and fashions a makeshift pair of crutches to help you move better. 


The crutches make you feel loud and clumsy, as they often snag on the jungle undergrowth, but at least Bronski doesn't have to help you with every step. You backtrack through the jungle, in hopes of finding the trail that the Lieutenant and his men left behind. Returning to the site of your squad's slaughter, you find something quite unnerving. 


Though none of your men's bodies are left, you find several Viet Cong soldiers dying on the ground. Their veins are black as night, their skin gray and peeling away. Thrashing in pain, when you approach them, they cry out to you in their foreign language. Though you don't understand what they are saying, it's clear what they want: end their suffering.


You raise your rifle, ready to oblige their final desire, but Bronski stops you. His face is pained, unlike his usually calm and optimistic demeanor. Your mouth gapes wide open as he pulls up his arm sleeve. His skin has turned gray as well, revealing black-blooded veins through his once dark skin. 


"H-h-how?" you stutter out. No, this can't be happening. You shut out a mental image of Bronski screaming in pain like the VC on the ground. 


"Johnny, I didn't want to show you this. You were hurt yourself, and I didn't want to burden you with my problems." 


"So why did you stop me from shoo-"


"Because I didn't want this to happen to you too!" Bronski sighs. "As I said, when I was hiding after our squad broke, I shot a Viet Cong soldier who got too close. Suddenly, I felt a horrible pain through my body, but it faded immediately. Johnny, I've never killed before. Can you imagine that? After spending years in the bush, I've never shot a single Viet Cong. So at first, I just thought my mind was acting up. But the pain returned, and it got worse through the night..." Bronski trails off. 


You don't say it, but you are reminded of Bronski's story. He's killed someone, and now he will be dragged to the grave himself. It's strangely comical as if Bronski's just joking around with you like he always does.  A hollow laugh comes out of you, followed by tears. You can't accept it- that your only friend will die a painful death, leaving you stranded in the jungle. No, you won't accept it. You quickly wipe away your tears and look up at Bronski. 


"Listen here," you say, "I'm not going to let you die. Forget about the mission, the objective we had to capture. We're going to get out of this damn jungle, and we're going to get you help. Bronski, I promise you, I will do anything to make sure you return home safe to see your wife and kids."


"Johnny, you will do this... for me?"


"Of course I will. If so, it would be the one good thing that has happened in this terrible goddamn war."


No time to waste, you begin to make plans. The Lieutenant is still out there somewhere, but he would have something that could help Bronski? No, you have to find something else, a high vantage point or a strong radio, which you can use to call for an evacuation. With your radioman dead, the latter would be much more difficult. Perhaps the Viet Cong had something of use? Maybe you should search for their base camp instead. 
> You search for the Viet Cong base camp
The camp should be close by, but you're concerned about the possibility of meeting live Viet Cong. You wonder how your enemies are dealing with the threats of the jungle horrors. Nonetheless, you're desperate to find something that could help Bronski, and maybe natives to this country have a better idea about what you're dealing with here. 


You tell Bronski to abstain from mercy-killing the guerillas on the ground, fearing that it might hasten the spreading of his illness. You leave one of them with a weapon, letting them do the gruesome job themselves. Gunshots go off as you begin searching for their trail. 


The VC's were regulars and were very discreet when they approached and attacked your squad. But little escapes your senses, sharpened by years of war. A shoe print here, a broken twig there, and you steadily track the Viet Cong to where they came from. You also manage to avoid a few booby traps and mines; some were obvious, but others you almost tripped with your clumsy crutches if it weren't for Bronski's watchful eye. 


The trail suddenly stops. You arrive at a seemingly insignificant area in the deep jungle thick, surrounded by large trees and bushes. However, the smell of death lingers in the air. Searching the area, you find a wide tunnel into ground carefully concealed by a covering of woven branches and vines. You carefully enter with a flashlight, while Bronski covers you with a rifle. The tunnel slopes down around twenty feet, before opening up into a large room, supported by wooden beams.


In this room lies the bodies of the rest of the Viet Cong. They died fighting, evidenced by the scattered shell casings, bullet holes in the walls, and crazed looks on their dead faces. Slash marks cover their bodies, and the dirt floor is completely painted in blood. You step around carefully, noting the crates of extra food and ammunition stacked in the corner of the room. This was indeed their base camp, but something came inside and killed the rest of them. You can guess what that may be. 


Curiously, on one side of the room is a sturdy steel door, something you've never seen in a Viet Cong hideout. Approaching the door, you see it been heavily battered by the Viet Cong, as they tried to break through it to escape from their deaths. A combination lock on the door kept that from happening. 


"Where do you think this leads, Bronski?"


He smiles a little and takes out a small canvas bag with a shoulder strap. A satchel charge, it enough C-4 to blow down any obstacle. You exit out the tunnel and close your ears. Bronski pulls the pin and a loud explosion sounds out. The steel door has been blown out of its frame, but you're lucky it hasn't collapsed the underground camp as well. 


The environment inside the door here has completely changed. Inside the door is a long corridor with concrete floors and walls. Light fixtures dot the ceiling, but those have gone dark. Midway, the corridor is intersected by another hallway going to the right. At the end of a corridor is another steel door, but with a symbol marked on it. 


"Let's check that out," you whisper to Bronski.


You creep towards the door, trying to keep your step silent despite your crutches. However, when you come up to the hallway a knife twirls through the air towards you. You dodge, but it strikes Bronski in the arm, who drops his rifle which clatters onto the concrete floor. Across the hallway stands the Green Beret, who carries a machete and is quickly advancing towards you! 
> You draw your pistol
You draw your pistol from its holster and fire down the hallway. The Green Beret jerks back with every shot, but it soaks up your entire magazine and still comes towards you. You manage to unsheathe your bayonet as he lunges on top of you, attempting to slash your throat. Grabbing his arm before the blade comes down, you try to push away the machete, but to no avail. The rusty but sharp blades inches towards you, its wielder staring at you with inhuman orange eyes. Suddenly, the Green Beret's head is knocked back. Bronski had recovered and slammed it with the butt of his rifle. You take the opportunity to jam your bayonet into the Green Beret's eyes. He lets out a piercing animalistic shriek, flailing his arms in a struggle to get free. Finally, he stops moving, and with that, the body disintegrates into mist. 


You turn around to thank Bronski for saving your life once more, but you're startled by his condition. With the knife embed in his arm, his illness has drastically worsened. In the dim flashlight, you see him gritting in pain as the skin on his arms starts peeling. His eyes have started to display an orange tinge as well. 


"Bronski, hold on, we're gonna get you out of here." He can barely move, so you drag him with one arm towards the door at the end of the corridor. You briefly stop as you notice something shiny left behind as the Green Beret's body disintegrated. A pair of dog tags. They are quickly scooped up into your hands before you proceed through the door, which is thankfully unlocked. 


You enter what seems to be a mission control room. Files and papers of all sorts are haphazardly scattered around. In the center, a large map on a table depicts features you recognize as nearby terrain- the river, the Viet Cong hideout. Referencing your own map, you quickly realize that the Lieutenant had made a terrible mistake in navigation. You chuckle as you remember an old joke- the deadliest thing in the world is a Second Lieutenant with a map and compass. 


Your eyes set on the corner of the room, where a long-range radio sits. Jackpot. You lay Bronski down on a chair and tell him that everything is going to be okay. No idea how to operate a radio, you fiddle with the switches and dials and try broadcasting your voice on as many frequencies as you can. Suddenly, you receive a signal. 


A deep voice sounds out from the radio. "How did you manage to get hold of this frequency?"


You hesitate, not expecting to be so lucky. 


"I'm Sergeant Smith of the Marines. I need evacuation, one of my squadmates is infected with a-"


"Answer my question, Sergeant, and understand that you are speaking with the commander of the 1st Special Forces. You've breached a highly classified facility that we've lost contact with long ago." 


You frantically explain the events of the last days, while the voice remains silent. 


"Please, my friend is dying! We can't wait any longer." You glance at Bronski, who is starting to cough out blood. He seems delirious, unaware of what's going on. 


"Evacuation will arrive shortly, Sergeant. But you must do one thing first."
> The final task
"What could you possibly demand of me?" you say. 


"There's an armory located in the facility. It contains a large number of explosives, especially napalm. Destroy the facility and collapse the tunnel leading in." 


You suspect that Special Forces are forcing you to do their dirty work and cover up the secrets here. Enraged that they place that objective above saving Bronski's life, you snatch a few files from the room before getting to work. After dragging Bronski out of the tunnel, you travel across the hallway to the armory. You dump the explosive in one area and create a trail of napalm leading from it to the tunnel entrance. You light the napalm, which travels down the line into the facility, igniting the explosives. The ground shudders as the tunnel collapses, sealing it off from the world.


"Johnny, what's going on? The sun's so bright, it's hurting my eyes." You and Bronski are sitting in the shade, but you see that his eyes are starting to turn orange. You push down your panic. 


"Bronski, just relax, help's going to come soon. Just hold on." Nothing to do but wait, you look through the files that you've taken from the facility.


The first file describes the deployment of Green Berets in the area five years ago to investigate the disappearance several platoons of South Vietnamese soldiers.


The second file describes a discovery about the nearby river, a small tributary of the Mekong containing a unique species of leech, which had stingers that could inject a certain toxin.


The third file contains the approved orders for the construction of an underground science laboratory near the river.


The final file, however, is a handwritten note. 


"It's getting dark, so dark. Richie and Hammond are dead, killed by the things from the mist. We thought that they were once soldiers, but they're inhuman- something different. The Vietnamese scientist escaped though, to the nearby village we identified earlier. However, the sickness courses through me. My veins are getting dark, skin peeling. I've locked myself in the science laboratory, but the radio won't work...all static. If anyone finds this, tell my parents I died for my country. 


Staff Sergeant Adam Hinks, 1st Special Forces



The name matches the pair of dog tags you've picked up. Everything starts to come together, as you realize what has happened. A secret science project supported by Special Forces. A supernatural toxin that turns killers into... monsters. The implications are horrible, and all this time your squad naively wandered into this valley of death. Suddenly, you hear the sounds of helicopter rotors. 


A group of large camouflaged helicopters arrive and hover above you. Soldiers, which you recognize as Green Berets, rappel down from them. They forcibly disarm you and place you into handcuffs, while Bronski is led away in a stretcher.


"What the hell are you doing!" you yell, struggling against your restraints as you are separated from him. A bag is placed over your head and a needle stuck into your arm.


"You shouldn't have been reading these files, Sergeant. Oh well, the general wants to see you." 


Drowsiness overtakes you, and you fall unconscious as you are carried into a helicopter. You and Bronski's fate go into the hands of powers beyond your control. 


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The camp should be close by, but you're concerned about the possibility of meeting live Viet Cong. You wonder how your enemies are dealing with the threats of the jungle horrors. Nonetheless, you're desperate to find something that could help Bronski, and maybe natives to this country have a better idea about what you're dealing with here. 


You tell Bronski to abstain from mercy-killing the guerillas on the ground, fearing that it might hasten the spreading of his illness. You leave one of them with a weapon, letting them do the gruesome job themselves. Gunshots go off as you begin searching for their trail. 


The VC's were regulars and were very discreet when they approached and attacked your squad. But little escapes your senses, sharpened by years of war. A shoe print here, a broken twig there, and you steadily track the Viet Cong to where they came from. You also manage to avoid a few booby traps and mines; some were obvious, but others you almost tripped with your clumsy crutches if it weren't for Bronski's watchful eye. 


The trail suddenly stops. You arrive at a seemingly insignificant area in the deep jungle thick, surrounded by large trees and bushes. However, the smell of death lingers in the air. Searching the area, you find a wide tunnel into ground carefully concealed by a covering of woven branches and vines. You carefully enter with a flashlight, while Bronski covers you with a rifle. The tunnel slopes down around twenty feet, before opening up into a large room, supported by wooden beams.


In this room lies the bodies of the rest of the Viet Cong. They died fighting, evidenced by the scattered shell casings, bullet holes in the walls, and crazed looks on their dead faces. Slash marks cover their bodies, and the dirt floor is completely painted in blood. You step around carefully, noting the crates of extra food and ammunition stacked in the corner of the room. This was indeed their base camp, but something came inside and killed the rest of them. You can guess what that may be. 


Curiously, on one side of the room is a sturdy steel door, something you've never seen in a Viet Cong hideout. Approaching the door, you see it been heavily battered by the Viet Cong, as they tried to break through it to escape from their deaths. A combination lock on the door kept that from happening. 


"Where do you think this leads, Bronski?"


He smiles a little and takes out a small canvas bag with a shoulder strap. A satchel charge, it enough C-4 to blow down any obstacle. You exit out the tunnel and close your ears. Bronski pulls the pin and a loud explosion sounds out. The steel door has been blown out of its frame, but you're lucky it hasn't collapsed the underground camp as well. 


The environment inside the door here has completely changed. Inside the door is a long corridor with concrete floors and walls. Light fixtures dot the ceiling, but those have gone dark. Midway, the corridor is intersected by another hallway going to the right. At the end of a corridor is another steel door, but with a symbol marked on it. 


"Let's check that out," you whisper to Bronski.


You creep towards the door, trying to keep your step silent despite your crutches. However, when you come up to the hallway a knife twirls through the air towards you. You dodge, but it strikes Bronski in the arm, who drops his rifle which clatters onto the concrete floor. Across the hallway stands the Green Beret, who carries a machete and is quickly advancing towards you! 
> You go for Bronski's rifle
You drop one of your crutches and lunge for Bronski's rifle on the ground. Once it's in your hands you turn around and fire a wild burst down the hallway at the Green Beret. However, you only manage to fire several shots before the M-16 jams, hitting the Green Beret a few times but not even managing to slow him down. You try drawing your sidearm but he with suprising speed, jumping on top of you and slashing your throat. 


You choke on your own blood as you watch Bronski recover and try fighting back against the Green Beret. Bronski fires his pistol at it, but the Gren Beret grabs his arm and the shots go wild. He stabs Bronski in the chest and kicks him to the floor. The Green Beret moves over to you, staring at you with his emotionless orange eyes. 


You die in a cold place, where no one will ever find you. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You head over to the barracks, where others like you are hustling to find their assigned platoons.  Inside, a single ceiling fan provides the only relief against the heat, which is magnified by the army green walls. You are surprised to see someone you recognize among the rows of identical bunk beds. 


A powerfully built dark-skinned man scowls as he glances at his cards in an intense game of poker with a few other Marines. The pot seems to consist of pornographic photos and a generous amount of alcohol. Once he sees you, however, he drops his cards and grins. 


"Johnny, what are you doing here!" he yells, getting up and hugging you. 


"Corporal Bronski," you say with a smile, "I should be asking you the same." You are stifled by his monstrous embrace. No one calls you "Johnny" other than Bronski, and when someone does, they'll be counting their bruises the next day. 


"Johnny, I thought you were on leave for at least another few weeks. Why are you back in the bush?" he asks you.


 "The moment I arrived at Okinawa, I got called back. Well, I thought, there goes my hopes of scoring with some of the Japanese girls!"


Bronski lets out a deep belly laugh and bends down, clutching his knees. You smile politely as you wait for him to catch his breath. 


"Oh, that makes sense. You see, the Gooks broke their own damned truce for the Tet holiday, and they're attacking us almost everywhere. Some of them even made it into the fucking U.S. embassy. We held them back though, and now we're gonna strike at them. I think you can ask the Lieutenant if you wanna find out more."


"Lieutenant?" You look around the barracks and see only about twenty-five men total, counting you and Bronski. "This is barely a squad, let along a platoon. What do we have a Lieutenant for?"


"Well, most of 2nd platoon is either AWOL, in the hospital, or dead. We've been trying to get replacements, but without much luck. We've got you, which is good, but they also flew in the Lieutenant, fresh from the Naval Academy to command this 'platoon'."


The Marines at the poker table clamor for his attention. "Hey, we gonna finish this game or what?"


Bronski looks at them, then back at you with a smile. "Why don't you join us for some poker, like back in the old days." 


When you were a lowly private, you and Bronski gambled and whored and drank. It passed the time and was hell of a lot of fun. However, you're now a Sergeant; you've got responsibilities to put in order. 


"Bronski, we should probably first talk to the Lieutenant before do anything else." 


"Come on, Johnny, just a round. I'll introduce your new men, too." 
> You go see the Lieutenant
Bronski sighs, and looks at the other Marines. "Sorry, but duty calls," he says as pushes in his chair. 


"Fucking killjoy!" yells one of the privates, who doesn't hesitate to give you the finger. You ignore him and exit the barracks with Bronski. 


"Interesting lot you've got, Bronski."


"Yeah Johnny, it's damn conscripts, you see. Bitching and moaning the moment they got here, and raising hell if I don't keep an eye on them 24/7. We almost had to court-martial a few for fighting before you got here."


Bronski follows along as you head towards the officer's quarters, the only air-conditioned space in the outpost. You exchange pleasantries on the way- he beams as he talks about the letters he's received from his wife and kids at home. You stay silent about your own family.


Bronski and you go way back, as you met him at boot camp. He's a fine soldier, though a bit of wild card. He was a Sergeant like you, but was busted down to Corporal for "public drunkenness." Still, you're glad here's here with you. 


You find the Lieutenant, a young man with a perfectly creased uniform and shined boots. He snaps off a crisp salute, which you return half-heartedly. Putting down his book of military regulations, he stands to adress you. 


"I'm Lieutenant Stauffer and I'm pleased to meet you, Sergeant Smith. Thank you for reporting to me so promptly. I've reviewed your file before your arrival and I am honored to be working with such a decorated Marine," he says, though he glares at Corporal Bronski as he enters. 


"A pleasure to meet you too, Lieutenant." You look at him, a little suspicious. "Lieutenant, is this your first combat assignment?"


"It is, but please don't be put off by that, Sir. I've received top marks at the Naval Academy and I'm eager to learn." He hands a sheet of paper to you. Orders.


"It's lucky you came on time, Sergeant. We have to prepare for a helicopter assault tomorrow at 0430. Get your men ready. I'll inspect their equipment in four hours." 


Bronski and you return to the barracks, uneased at your Lieutenant's inexperience. You muster your half-drunk men and begin preparing equipment, but you are pissed when you find out many can't even disassemble an M-16 rifle. Luckily, your hope is restored when you walk past a Lance Corporal with a heavily scarred face. He sits in front of you with the various parts of his M-60 machine gun spread out and oiled in record time. 


"Your name?"


"Simmons, sir, but the boys around here call me Capone," he says, snorting. 


"Well, you've got here a pretty display, but can you use it?"


"The Lord trains my hands for war, Sergeant." 


Well, at least there's one part of your platoon that ain't totally FUBAR. After somehow managing to pass the Lieutenant's inspection, your men go to bed. They seem jumpy, as for many of them it would be their first taste of the jungle. You can only hope it won't be their last. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You haven't even made it through the first day of first grade, and you already have serious decisions to make about your future.

To the left is the girl's bathroom. And to the right is the boy's bathroom.

You stand between the two entryways stuck on the fence of a colossal tipping point in your life. Stupidly, you pick your nose while lost in thought.

The obvious solution to this puzzle would be to just go into the boy's room. You are a boy after all. You've got a dinky and everything. But... isn't it kind of gay to go into the same bathroom as a bunch of other guys? Now, if you went into the girl's bathroom, that wouldn't be gay at all.
> You enter the boy's bathroom
You decide you should use the boy's bathroom since you have a dinky, and the boy's bathroom has special wall toilets specifically designed for people with a dinky.

You step inside and the overwhelming and unmistakable stink of fresh poop wafts through the air. From the confines of one of the stalls, you hear sobbing, blubbering, and sniffling. You've successfully identified the source of the stink.

With all the bravado and indecency of a small child, you waltz up to the stink stall and knock on the door.

"Hey, who's in there? You stink. Did you poop your pants? Can I see?"

"B-Billy, is that you?" says the stink boy. "Can you ask the nurse to call my parents?"

"Is that you Ed? Sorry buddy. I can't do that until I get some kind of compensation for my services."

"What's compensation?" asks stink boy through a sniffle that triggers a fart and a splash.

"Something you give me in return for me doing something for you."

"Oh... uh, what do you want?"
> You ask for all of stink boy's lunch money
"I want all of your lunch money."

"But it's only Monday! I won't be able to eat lunch until next week!" Stink boy farts again and another splash rings through the boy's bathroom. "I'll give you two days worth. Deal?"

"Ed, you're in no position to be making demands. In fact, I think I'm just going to go tell everyone that you pooped your pants. I'm sure that'll make a great first impression."

"Stop!"

"Yeah, that's what I thought."

After some squirming and more than a little sloshing, Ed slides his lunch money to you from under the stall door. It stinks of poop. But you wash it off and hide it in your sock before heading off to the nurse's office.

"Are you okay?" the nurse asks. She's awfully pretty, a blonde bombshell straight out of one of your step-dad's gentleman's magazines. "Where do you hurt?"

You point to your chest. "In my heart Miss because I'm afraid I'll never see another woman half as beautiful as you... Oh, and Ed Hunter pooped his pants. He's cowering in his own stink in the boy's bathroom. I think he wants his mom to bring him clean clothes."

The nurse flushes crimson before stammering about how she'll call right away. You shrug, smile, and head back to class.
> You after school
The school day comes and goes, and you feel marginally less stupid than you did this morning. Although, you can't say for sure that it was because of anything your teacher did or said.

But as you lie in bed at night, trying to get some glorious sleep, the sound of a furiously creaking bed keeps you awake. It seems your step-dad has decided that tonight is another great night to pound your mother's vagina into oblivion. According to Grandma Coker, you shouldn't know about that sort of thing yet, but you kind of think everyone else is stupid for not knowing. Isn't knowledge supposed to be power?

Sometimes you swear that your step-dad tries to make as much noise as possible to purposely make sure you hear him giving it to your mother. Anyway, you know you're not going to be getting any sleep anytime soon, so you decide you may as well sneak out and entertain yourself.

Getting out of the house proves boringly simple due to all the noise your step-dad is making. The only question left is, where to go?
> You play a prank
You head down the street and make your way toward your Sunday School teacher's house. She's a crabby old bitch and smells rotting cabbage. When you asked her how the Virgin Mary could have a baby if she didn't have a dinky stuck inside of her, she bent you over her knee and fanned your ass for being a "naughty and insubordinate child with a filthy mouth."

Well, tonight you're going to fix her cantankerous old bunions with a little home-brewed medicine.

The lights in her house are all off, even though it's not even 9:00 P.M. yet. Pulling this prank off is going to be even easier than you thought.
> You shit in her mailbox
You drop your drawers and force out a nice turd. Several kernels of corn stand out beautifully in the brown excrement. You feel more than a little proud at having dropped such a healthy look deuce.

Unwilling to soil your hands with filth, you snatch a few leaves from nearby trees and use them to pick up the turd and stuff it inside the mailbox.

You have to pinch yourself to keep from laughing. When the deed is done, you head home, more than a little pleased with yourself. As your Sunday School teacher will no doubt soon find out, you should never bullshit a child with the malice of a pit bull and the shit of a mad bull.
> Two years later . . .
It's the Sunday before the first day of third grade, and your step-dad drops you off at church so he can go down to the pub and shoot some pool. He tells you to say a prayer for your mom, who's currently in the hospital, recovering from a ruptured sphincter, then takes off.

With nothing better to do, you decide to go to the Sunday School program. Jesus is just as an important part of the trinity as Aphrodite and Dionysus.
> You sunday School
Your Sunday School teacher gives a lecture about the virtues of honesty and how confessing your sins and accepting Jesus into your heart will earn you a place in heaven.

This makes sense to you. High moral fiber probably builds a sturdy character, just as a high fiber diet builds sturdy poops.

Politely, you raise your hand.

"Yes, Billy?" The Sunday School teacher asks.

"I have a confession to make, Miss Beaver. I was the person who took a poop in your mailbox two years ago."

The class bursts into a cacophony of gasps and laughter.

Miss Beaver tries to conceal her humiliation and fury, and for the most part, she does a great job. But she has a tell. When Miss Beaver gets angry, she gets really gassy. The smell is actually more pleasant than her typical aroma of rotting cabbage.

"I'm very proud of you, Billy. It's never hard telling the truth. But Jesus is very happy with you. Everyone else, we're done for the day. Head down to the cafeteria for some milk and cookies. Billy, can you wait a moment? I have something I want to give you."

Miss Beaver gushes some more about how great you are for telling the truth. She says she has something stored away in the back of the church that only good little boys get to play with.

Of course, you don't buy this bullshit at all, especially when she starts unlocking doors and leads you to an old storage room that doesn't look like it's been used in years... except there is definitely a trail of ruffled dust heading back toward an old confessional box.
> You snatch a letter opener off a nearby desk
You snatch a letter opener off a nearby desk and hide it in your pocket.

"It's just inside this box," says Miss Beaver, pointing to the confessional.

You pretend to have trouble opening the handle. "I think it's stuck. Can you open it for me?"

"Certainly, Billy."

Miss Beaver opens the door, and you rush inside, stabbing and slashing wildly with the letter opener. The metallic scent of blood flows into the air. You have stabbed a naked deacon for critical damage!

You spin on your heels and leap at Miss Beaver in a wild frenzy. The old hag topples to the floor, and her hip shatters with a thunderous crack! Your letter opener glides into her eyes and carves out her throat, though the latter takes much more effort.

The naked deacon staggers from the confessional, bleeding from numerous puncture wounds and cradling his nearly completely severed dinky.

You stand over him as he collapses to the floor. Feeling accomplished and satisfied with your personal safety, you calm yourself using advanced meditation techniques you've practiced over the years to help you sleep while your step-dad has sex with your mom.

"I think you're going to hell, sir," you say ever-so-politely as the deacon withers and heaves his last dying breaths.

You report the incident to police afterwards, and in a matter of days, top government agents escort you away to a secret facility to run diagnostic tests on you, suspecting you have exceptionally advanced mental capacity for a child your age.

Unfortunately for them, they awaken your true nature.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your Sunday School teacher gives a lecture about the virtues of honesty and how confessing your sins and accepting Jesus into your heart will earn you a place in heaven.

This makes sense to you. High moral fiber probably builds a sturdy character, just as a high fiber diet builds sturdy poops.

Politely, you raise your hand.

"Yes, Billy?" The Sunday School teacher asks.

"I have a confession to make, Miss Beaver. I was the person who took a poop in your mailbox two years ago."

The class bursts into a cacophony of gasps and laughter.

Miss Beaver tries to conceal her humiliation and fury, and for the most part, she does a great job. But she has a tell. When Miss Beaver gets angry, she gets really gassy. The smell is actually more pleasant than her typical aroma of rotting cabbage.

"I'm very proud of you, Billy. It's never hard telling the truth. But Jesus is very happy with you. Everyone else, we're done for the day. Head down to the cafeteria for some milk and cookies. Billy, can you wait a moment? I have something I want to give you."

Miss Beaver gushes some more about how great you are for telling the truth. She says she has something stored away in the back of the church that only good little boys get to play with.

Of course, you don't buy this bullshit at all, especially when she starts unlocking doors and leads you to an old storage room that doesn't look like it's been used in years... except there is definitely a trail of ruffled dust heading back toward an old confessional box.
> You run away
You turn tail and book it out of the church. Good thing Miss Beaver didn't lock the doors behind you.

Your heart is hammering in your chest by the time you get to the police station, and you start telling them everything that happened. They listen intently. Although one officer struggled to conceal a chuckle when you told the part about pooping in Miss Beaver's mailbox two years ago. But when you relay the latest part of your adventures, they grow gravely serious.

One of the officer's brings you a doll. "Did anyone touch you anywhere? If they did, show me on the doll."

You lie and say Miss Beaver massaged and licked your dinky and marbles, figuring that one truth is probably equal in weight to one lie. While you don't know for sure what would have happened, you didn't smell rotting cabbage, so you know it was going to be something bad.

The police go and arrest Miss Beaver.

The local magistrate holds a speedy trial, and you have to testify. But you just repeat the same lie you told police every time they asked before and Miss Beaver goes to prison. Several church goers saw Miss Beaver leading you away, and the entire class testified how she had you wait for her after dismissing everyone else.

Miss Beaver tried to blame the deacon, but no one believed her.

After the trial, your step-dad pats you on the back and tells your mom not to cry. He treats you both to ice cream and smiles to himself as he talks about how the church is going to owe you so much money in the civil suit.

Your step-dad stops being such a dick afterwards, pleased with the finer things in life. And the rest of your childhood devolves back into a humdrum of normality. But with lots of money.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You head down the street and make your way toward your Sunday School teacher's house. She's a crabby old bitch and smells rotting cabbage. When you asked her how the Virgin Mary could have a baby if she didn't have a dinky stuck inside of her, she bent you over her knee and fanned your ass for being a "naughty and insubordinate child with a filthy mouth."

Well, tonight you're going to fix her cantankerous old bunions with a little home-brewed medicine.

The lights in her house are all off, even though it's not even 9:00 P.M. yet. Pulling this prank off is going to be even easier than you thought.
> You fill her gas tank up with water from the hose
You uncoil the hose and stick it into the gas tank. Grinning like a mischievous little jackass, you turn the water on and fill the tank all the way up. You turn the water off and coil up the hose just as it had been when you arrived.

For a little added fun, you pee on the handle of the water spigot before stealing off into the night. With the task done, hopefully your step-dad will be done pounding your mother by the time you get home.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The school day comes and goes, and you feel marginally less stupid than you did this morning. Although, you can't say for sure that it was because of anything your teacher did or said.

But as you lie in bed at night, trying to get some glorious sleep, the sound of a furiously creaking bed keeps you awake. It seems your step-dad has decided that tonight is another great night to pound your mother's vagina into oblivion. According to Grandma Coker, you shouldn't know about that sort of thing yet, but you kind of think everyone else is stupid for not knowing. Isn't knowledge supposed to be power?

Sometimes you swear that your step-dad tries to make as much noise as possible to purposely make sure you hear him giving it to your mother. Anyway, you know you're not going to be getting any sleep anytime soon, so you decide you may as well sneak out and entertain yourself.

Getting out of the house proves boringly simple due to all the noise your step-dad is making. The only question left is, where to go?
> You go to the cinema
You're able to get to the cinema before 9 o'clock, so you have a couple options to choose from out of the later showings. There's a monster flick, a comedy, and a war movie. You're not sure which looks best.

As you're trying to make up your mind on what to watch with Ed Hunter's lunch money, you overhear a couple of teenagers as they exit the theater.

"Yeah, my cousin is the bouncer at The Fox Trot," says a stereotypical looking greaser. "He said he can get us in tonight. We just have to tip like anyone else, and we'll be good."

"Don't worry, Frank. We loaded up on singles. It's going to be a good time."

You watch them head down the street toward the strip club. You know what a strip club is because your step-dad used to make you sit in the entryway and wait for him on Tuesday afternoons. Kids aren't even supposed to be in the entryway, but your step-dad always knew how to grease a doorman.

Maybe you could do that too. You peaked in on the inner workings a few times, but you never got a really good look before.
> You watch some stupid movie
You decide to just watch some stupid movie. When you enter the theater to take your seat, you hear the familiar sound of rutting coming from the top of the seats. Some blonde girl is riding some guy like a mild mustang.

"Hello," you say loudly, waving. You put on a big stupid grin. "I'll forget what I saw for a price."

"Oh shit!" The blonde hops off the guy and pulls her shirt back down over her breasts. "I told you this was a stupid idea, Johnny!"

"Please, you told me this one wasn't playing anything else tonight!"

"Fuck you Johnny! Don't put this shit on me!"

"Yes, that's why your going to pay me to keep my mouth shut," you say, politely interrupting their verbal dispute. "I'm sure we can come to a mutually acceptable solution."

"How about I don't kick your ass? Good starting point?" Johnny starts walking toward you.

You immediately strip your clothes and jog backwards towards the exit, speaking calmly. "All I have to do is start screaming. How do you think this is going to look? Now, I know you don't want to go to prison for inappropriately touch a sweet young boy, so I know you're going to do the smart thing and leave your wallet and the Lady's underwear on that seat and leave without a fuss."

Johnny stops right in his tracks. Something about your relaxed demeanor scares the ever living shit out of him. Either that or your honeyed words soothed his evil heart. You're not quite sure. Regardless, you enjoy the movie with a big strawberry shake and a popcorn thanks to Johnny's generous contributions. And of course, you have a nice pair of freshly worn lady's underwear to bring a beautiful aromatic sensation to the experience.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You're able to get to the cinema before 9 o'clock, so you have a couple options to choose from out of the later showings. There's a monster flick, a comedy, and a war movie. You're not sure which looks best.

As you're trying to make up your mind on what to watch with Ed Hunter's lunch money, you overhear a couple of teenagers as they exit the theater.

"Yeah, my cousin is the bouncer at The Fox Trot," says a stereotypical looking greaser. "He said he can get us in tonight. We just have to tip like anyone else, and we'll be good."

"Don't worry, Frank. We loaded up on singles. It's going to be a good time."

You watch them head down the street toward the strip club. You know what a strip club is because your step-dad used to make you sit in the entryway and wait for him on Tuesday afternoons. Kids aren't even supposed to be in the entryway, but your step-dad always knew how to grease a doorman.

Maybe you could do that too. You peaked in on the inner workings a few times, but you never got a really good look before.
> You go to the Fox Trot
You follow the teenagers to the Fox Trot. After the bouncer lets them in. You walk up the door with a pleasant smile and a smooth swagger.

"What're you doing, kid?" the bouncer asks. "This isn't a place for you... wait, oh, you're Larry's step-kid. What're you doing out here?"

"I'm going to patronize this establishment, sir."

The bouncer laughs. "I don't think so kid. Go home."

"I must politely protest, good sir. You see, I am quite aware that you illegally allowed those teenagers to enter this establishment. The police station is only one block from here. It's a small town. Teenagers aren't very good at keeping secrets, especially when they think they're going to get in trouble. Do you think they'll be able to get far enough away before the police find them?"

The bouncer stares at you for a good moment. Finally he says, "How... how old are you again?"

"Old enough to know how to grease a door." You hand the bouncer half of Ed Hunter's lunch money, and head inside the Fox Trot to donate the other half to the less reputable ladies of town.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide you should use the boy's bathroom since you have a dinky, and the boy's bathroom has special wall toilets specifically designed for people with a dinky.

You step inside and the overwhelming and unmistakable stink of fresh poop wafts through the air. From the confines of one of the stalls, you hear sobbing, blubbering, and sniffling. You've successfully identified the source of the stink.

With all the bravado and indecency of a small child, you waltz up to the stink stall and knock on the door.

"Hey, who's in there? You stink. Did you poop your pants? Can I see?"

"B-Billy, is that you?" says the stink boy. "Can you ask the nurse to call my parents?"

"Is that you Ed? Sorry buddy. I can't do that until I get some kind of compensation for my services."

"What's compensation?" asks stink boy through a sniffle that triggers a fart and a splash.

"Something you give me in return for me doing something for you."

"Oh... uh, what do you want?"
> You ask for a wallet photo of stink boy's fifth grade sister
"I want your wallet photo of your sister. The pretty fifth grader. Not the land whale in third grade."

"Don't talk about my sister like that!" Stink boy jumps to his feet and you hear the sloshing of a river of poop in his pants, which causes him to sink back to the toilet seat. A small trickle of liquid brown spills out from under the stall door.

"Okay, I'll just talk to the whole class about how you just pooped your pants." You walk over to the sink and grab some paper towels. "Here, I'll even clean up the evidence out here so you can hide until your mom comes, but it's the photo or no deal.

"Fine take it!"

Stink boy sloshes a little more brown liquid out as he rummages through his wallet for the photo. He hands it to you underneath the stall door and you clean up his filth on the tiles.

The photo doesn't have any poop on it, but it sure smells like poop. You kiss it anyway, obsessed with the beauty of Muffy Hunter's thick black hair.

On your way to the nurse's office, you walk straight into the principal and fall on your butt. Maybe you shouldn't have been staring at Muffy's photo while walking down the hall.

"Are you okay?" the principal asks.

"Yes, sir. Sorry, sir."

"Well, be more careful. What were you gawking at anyway?"

"Sir, I have something to tell you! Ed Hunter pooped himself and he's hiding in the bathroom until someone calls his mom to bring clean clothes."

The principal shakes his head. "Larry isn't going to be happy about this... thanks for telling me. I'll go call his mother and get the janitor down there."

Back in your class, you see Larry the janitor scowling as he walks past the door heading toward the bathrooms.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You haven't even made it through the first day of first grade, and you already have serious decisions to make about your future.

To the left is the girl's bathroom. And to the right is the boy's bathroom.

You stand between the two entryways stuck on the fence of a colossal tipping point in your life. Stupidly, you pick your nose while lost in thought.

The obvious solution to this puzzle would be to just go into the boy's room. You are a boy after all. You've got a dinky and everything. But... isn't it kind of gay to go into the same bathroom as a bunch of other guys? Now, if you went into the girl's bathroom, that wouldn't be gay at all.
> You enter the girl's bathroom
You decide that it's incredibly gay using the same bathroom as a bunch of other boys, so you head into the girl's bathroom instead.

The inside looks and smells just like any other bathroom, more or less, except the girl's bathroom doesn't have any wall toilets. But you already knew that.

A toilet flushes and Hillary Blue steps out of one of the stalls. She stares at you. And you stare at her.

"Billy Dick Coker, what are you doing in this bathroom!" Hillary Blue thrusts her hand on her hips and glares at you, even more intensely than before.

You shrug. "I don't know really. I have to pee, but I don't want to be gay and use the same bathroom as a bunch of boys. But you don't have any wall toilets in here, and sitting to pee is for women and gays."

"Well, why don't you just stand in front of the normal toilets and pee?"

"Nah."

You whip out your dinky and begin to pee into one of the sinks.

"Billy..." says Hillary Blue, "you're both the bravest and most disgusting boy I've ever met. Do you want to be my boyfriend?"
> You absolutely
"Absolutely."

You shake the pee droplets from your dinky and run over to Hillary Blue and kiss her on the lips without even bothering to put your dinky away. She kisses you back.

"That's what I like about you, Billy. You're wild and unpredictable."

You beam as you put your dinky back in your pants. "If you liked that..." You smack Hillary Blue on the butt with an open palm. She squeals. "My step-dad does that to my mom all the time, especially when they think I'm not around. She really likes it. Did you like it?"

Hillary Blue chews on her lip. "I'm not sure. I think so. Do it again."

You oblige.

Hillary Blue shrugs. "It's not the same when I know it's coming. Maybe we'll figure it out later."

And with that, you and Hillary Blue head back to class, holding hands.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide that it's incredibly gay using the same bathroom as a bunch of other boys, so you head into the girl's bathroom instead.

The inside looks and smells just like any other bathroom, more or less, except the girl's bathroom doesn't have any wall toilets. But you already knew that.

A toilet flushes and Hillary Blue steps out of one of the stalls. She stares at you. And you stare at her.

"Billy Dick Coker, what are you doing in this bathroom!" Hillary Blue thrusts her hand on her hips and glares at you, even more intensely than before.

You shrug. "I don't know really. I have to pee, but I don't want to be gay and use the same bathroom as a bunch of boys. But you don't have any wall toilets in here, and sitting to pee is for women and gays."

"Well, why don't you just stand in front of the normal toilets and pee?"

"Nah."

You whip out your dinky and begin to pee into one of the sinks.

"Billy..." says Hillary Blue, "you're both the bravest and most disgusting boy I've ever met. Do you want to be my boyfriend?"
> You will you pay you\?
"Will you pay me?"

Hillary Blue stares at you. Blankly at first, but you can see her brow beginning to furrow. "To be your girlfriend?"

"Yeah."

Hillary Blue pushes you to the tile floor and storms past. "Humpth! I didn't want to be your girlfriend anyway Billy, you deplorable swine!"

You sit on the floor for a few minutes, wondering what you did wrong. You really wish she hadn't pushed you when you had your dinky out because the pee droplets got on your shirt.

Oh well, you can always blame it on... cooties from touching a girl? Nah, that'd be implying that you're into boys, and that would be gay.

You head back to class, having made up your mind that if anyone says anything you'll just say that you're working on your aim. Now, you have more important questions to ponder.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The young woman stands still. Her brown hair flows freely in the wind. Most would shiver in the freezing cold, but she does not. She got used to the cold long ago.

Snowflakes fall and sit on top her head for a moment before melting. Thousands of tiny pins drop all around her. Each snowflake plays a note in this melody.

She sighs. Her wispy breath comes out like a fog before dissipating into the morning air. The graves say nothing to her. They’re all dead, markers for dozens who should remain in the past. The woman trudges foreword crunching the snow beneath her boots with each step. She stops at a grave.

“Hey,” she mutters. She crosses her arms, folding into herself. “I’m back.”

The grave says nothing. Even though the occupant lives on, she knows that life exists only metaphorically. She’s talking to a grave. It does not hear her. It will not reply. Maybe this’s just an excuse to talk to herself. She doesn’t know for sure.

“What happened in the last year? It’s been three hundred and sixty-six days this time around. Zoe got to celebrate her birthday on the right day this time around. The poor kid’ll have to wait another four years for that to happen. Oh, I almost forgot. She and Ezekiel insisted my cake have twenty-seven candles on it. Ain’t that the sweetest thing?”

The grey stone lies there as it always has and always will. The consistency warms the woman’s heart. She raises her hand and looks at the lilacs she carried all this way.

“I don’t think you were into flowers. Well, this’s a white lilac. I like the meaning of this little guy, so I grew it in my greenhouse just for this occasion. I’d like the imagery more if you would take it from me, but you’re dead. Not much you can do, so I’ll just put it here.”

She sets the flowers down. For a moment, her eyes flash red. She clutches her temple and blinks. They revert back to their normal brown.

She smiles. “I’m still in control. Ain’t that nice?”
> You january 14th, 1994
You walk home from a long day at work. People complain about long work days, but they got nothing. You put in ten thankless hours making next to nothing. The wind blows through the holes in your jacket. One day, you’ll patch it up. Shivering, you quicken your pace.

The path back is harder than the morning. You shrug. It’s the price to pay for living up top of the hill. The mound has some sorta official name, but all in this sleepy little town just call it that. You like living there. No neighbors. No loud noises. No lights. Darkness. Just darkness and silence.

Your feet hurt. Maybe the charity store has a better shoe size now. Looking down, you see two worn out tennis shoes that are a half a size too small. Each step shoots a minor jab starting from your feet and ending at your hips. You’ll get to rests soon.

Spying your house, a smile comes across your lips. The heater will warm your bones again this February night. You’ll make something to satisfy your hunger. “No,” you mutter under your huffing breath. “Paycheck comes tomorrow.” What do you have in the fridge and pantry? Four, maybe five slices of bread. There’s some peanut butter too. That’ll do. A feast for two.

You clench your fists. Why can’t you do better? Is this all life will give to you? Damn life. Damn him. Your body shudders just thinking about that monster. You can make it on your own. You’re good enough to do it.

Your house sits in front of you. Each step causes it to look less and less small. You’ve kept it looking nice. It could use some paint, and that railing needs fixing. The window still got that board over it. It could be worse… though it could be better as well.

You unlock the door and step inside. “I’m home,” you say. No one replies, as always. She never gets here after school ends. At the earliest, your kid arrives at evening. “Lazy and unappreciative.” You lock the door behind you. “She could at least dust the place.”

You turn on the heater and set about to cleaning. You’ve been asking her for almost a week, but she won’t get off her ass to do it. You feed her, clothe her, and give her shelter. It’s all the minimum essentials, but that’s all you got. Would expressing thanks be too much to ask?

The sun sets in the grey winter sky. Yellow lights pop up in the town below, signs of life. Humans are a funny bunch. By turning on lights, they fight back against the darkness, yet nothing really changes. It’s like how you used to hide your face as a child. The big scary monster wouldn’t hurt you if you hid your eyes. To them, the big scary monsters won’t hurt them if they see all with their eyes. You chuckle. “A different side to the same coin.”

Of course, the monster hurt you anyway, regardless of whether you saw it or not.

You look down. Your fists clench the dinner table, knuckles turning white from the grip. You let go. Grabbing an ax, you head outside to cut wood. Fires are cheaper to run than the heater. You found it’s a good way to blow off steam anyway.

You aren’t one of those muscled women. It’s hard work, more hard work. Too bad your daughter’s too young to help with this… You imagine the situation for a moment. It wouldn’t be a good idea. Knowing her, someone would get hurt if she had to chop wood.

At least nature provides. If it wasn’t for the several fallen trees on your land, then you’d have to buy it. There’s always a silver lining. The house sits around being a piece of shit, but at least the trees got some use. Well, they get squirrels too. Those chattering rats provide some cheap food too, just some time and a bullet.

As you pile up the wood in your wood shed, you hear a creak from the front porch, then another. Setting down the ax, you head back inside. She’s home.

The girl carries her backpack and chatters her teeth together. She gives that blank stare you’ve grown accustomed to over the past few years. Glancing at the clock, it shows a few minutes before nine.

“You’re later than normal,” you deadpan. “Any explanation?”
She shakes her head.
You clench your fists. “I dusted the house. Any reason why you couldn’t at least do that?”
She shakes her head again.

Well shit. Now, you’re irked.

You unclench your hands. Your daughter flinches. You slap her. She stumbles back a step or two before a tear cascades down her face. A red handprint forms on her left check.

She never stops giving that blank expression. “Don’t hurt me again, Mother.”
> You calm Down
Your right hand morphs back to human form, losing the claws and the darkness. It’ll rear its true form soon enough.

“Come on.” You gesture to the table. “Let’s eat before the flies do.”

Without a word, she nods and trudges to the meal. She sits on the opposite side of you. She nibbles on the bread and peanut butter. You eat yours in a few bites.

“How’s school?”
“Fine.” She doesn’t look up at you. She stares at her food as if it’s the most important thing in the world.
“How about grades?”
“Fine.”
“Anyone giving you shit?”
“Not really.”

Shaking your head, you put your plate in the sink and handwash it. After a minute, adds hers, so you wash that one as well. She never helps with dishes. She slinks up to her room. If you allowed her, you’d bet she close her door too.

You walk to an old dresser. Scratch marks, a few stains, and a large dent make it seem more like an antique than a newer commodity. You can’t complain. It serves its purpose. Opening the middle drawer, you take out her report card. For the first time, you take out her paper from the envelope.

D, D, D, F… Shit, that’s fucking horrible. Why the hell hasn’t she at least told you about this? For that matter, shouldn’t one of the teachers tell you this instead of letting her education suffer. Glancing at the card again, you see one sliver of hope. An A sits at the bottom, too bad it’s in art.

You stride up to her room. Your footsteps sound like marching drums. Your hands twist into claws again. Your eyes see in the dark as if it was light. You tongue grows long.

“Explain your grades.” The sheer power of your words all but shake the walls.
“Sorry.” She moves from lying down on her bed to curling up into a ball.
“What was the rule?”
“Everything has to be a C or higher.”
“Are you a fucking dumbass?”
“No.” Her words lack conviction.

You dash onto her bed. She gasps. Your face is inches from hers, so she closes her eyes.

“Stop being lazy and actually try. I dare you to keep on doing whatever you’re doing.”
She shakes her head.
“There’ll be real shit to pay if I see even a single D on the next report card. Got it?”
“Yes, Ma’am.”

You glance around the room. Her bed’s unmade, her clothes are in piles on the floor, her desk doesn’t have anything to do with schools. It’s instead covered in drawings.

“All you do is draw and wander the town. What the hell are you doing out there anyway? It’s not like you have any friends.”
“Nothing.”
“Then do something here. Do school. Go to bed.”
“Yes, Ma’am.”

You leave as your body parts revert to normal and nod at yourself. That problem shouldn’t cause you any more troubles now. She better stop being lazy. There wouldn’t be a single problem if she had an inkling of initiative.
> You january 21, 1994
You remain perfectly still. Snow piles on your flowing hair. Each breathe feels like a sharp jab in the chest. Today must be the coldest day of the year, but that won’t stop you from getting meat. Your ears perk up. In the distance, you hear the slightest discrepancy among the snow falling. Two maybe three animals approach.

You doublecheck your position. Trees make visibility lower, but your position on top of a small hill helps that. The ridge is unfortunate because everything to your east, including those animals, can’t be seen from your spot. If it wasn’t for the two animal trails converging on this location, you wouldn’t hunt here often.

You give a toothy grin. All sorts of sensations flow through your body. It has a name in some book, probably. You just call it the Hunter’s High. Everything comes into greater focus. The moonlight becomes brighter. The smells become more potent. Even the snow seems to fall slower.

In most instances, you would strike, but their steps come closer and closer. You decide there are three different creatures. One sounds lighter than the other two, probably a small or sickly doe. No other creatures would sound like this.

Your knees crouch just a few inches. You clench your hands into fists. They should be here soon.

Three does step over a ridge. You strike and set your mind to a glorious hunt.

Everything comes back into focus a little while later. You’re not quite sure exactly how long it took, but the moon hasn’t moved far. You clean the three carcasses before lugging them home.

You hum. Nothing makes you happier than a successful hunt. You provide for your little family and get to run wild. No one else can do anything to you while being aggressor instead of the victim.

Your house transitions from a tiny dot in the distance to your meager adobe. Instead of taking the front door, you walk around to the back. You take some rope out from your shed and hang the deer for them to air out. As you hoist up your final kill, you notice a light coming from your daughter’s bedroom. It must be in the early hours of the morning. What is she doing?

You creep to the back door and insert the key into the deadbolt. It clicks. You take careful steps inside, doing everything possible to not make a sound. Is she trying to waste electricity? She knows that stuff doesn’t grow on trees. You slither up the stairs and peer into her room.

Using her lamp, her room is casts into a dancing assortment of shadows. She holds a pencil and scratches away at a paper. This can’t be writing. It’s… Your blood boils and your teeth become fangs.

“What the fuck are you doing!” You stomp into her room.
She falls out of her seat and bumps her head against the wall. “M-m-m… I, uh…” Her eyes drown in fear.
You pick up her paper. You see half a person, a girl by the looks of it. “Are you drawing?” You shove the picture an inch from her face and dangle it there.
“Y-y-y…” She gives up trying to speak and nods. Tears form in her eyes.
“Didn’t I tell you to stop doing that!”
She nods.
“Holy shit, you’re fucking retarded. You need to get your grades up, but you fuck around at night drawing pictures? I told you. God damn it! I damn right told you, but did you listen? No, you just did what you always wanted to do because you seem dead set to be a bum. At this rate, you’ll be a bitch whoring out on the street. You think you can fuck with me and get away with it? Tell me!”

She sits in the corner and cries.

“Tell me!”
She covers her head protectively. “I like drawing.”
> You don't Give a Shit
“You wanna waste your life? Fine. I honestly can’t give a shit about you anyway. It’s like talking to a dead corpse.”
Your daughter looks at you then back at the paper. “So I can still draw?”
“For all I care, whore out at school.”

You stomp out of her bedroom and spend the rest of the night fuming in your chair.

You don’t hold a meaningful conversation with her for the next week. She eats. She sleeps. She fucks around doing some shit in the bedroom. Around you, she tries to act like a ghost, a presence only felt instead of sensed.

January 29th, 1994.

Everything changes when you get a nock on the door one Saturday. As usual, your pathetic excuse for a daughter sits up in her bedroom. That means you get the door.

“Hello!”

Ug, that’s chipper beyond reason. Your eyes narrow. Why would one of her teachers come to visit on the weekend. Maybe the brat spread lies as revenge despite how nice you’ve been. Which teacher is this anyway? Math? English? Meh, it doesn’t matter.

“Hi,” you grunt.
“I tried calling, but your line sounded like it was down.” The woman still has some youth, but she also has too much jiggle. She should lay off the doughnuts.
“Missed this bill.”
“Oh.” She cringes somewhat. Maybe since she got embarrassed, she’ll leave. “Can I come in?” Shit.
“Sure.”

She enters the house and you close the door behind her. She shifts uncomfortably until you motion to the table. You both sit down.

“Why the visit?”
“I’m concerned about your daughter.” No shit. Also, damn it. She must be a new teacher. One of those assholes who do everything to help the kids. She’ll burn out in a couple years. Maybe she could loose some weight along the way.
“Why?”
“Over the past week or so, she pretty much stopped talking altogether.” Her eyes glance at your open and barren cupboard. Does she eat more in a day that you and your daughter combined?
“She does that.”
“Just wanted to see if everything is alright. You know…” She lists phycology crap. It might have something to do with her being hungry. You’re not sure. “…So I wanted to see if she was eating enough.”

You feel your teeth sharpen. How dare she insult how you raise your child!
> You just Fucking Kill Her
You lunge across the table as your entire body reverts to its primal state. Hair, claws, and teeth reveal themselves. You smell the woman pissing and shitting herself and sink your teeth into one of her two chins. She lets out a gurgle as blood sprays out of her neck like Cheez Whiz out of a can.

You lick up the blood and savor the metallic, salty flavor. You poke at her fatty skin. Perhaps that would taste good as well. Curious to what you may find, you rip into her bloated belly. Opening her stomach, you see an assortment of interesting items. It smells like chicken and watermelon. To your surprise, you find an almost intact chicken bone. It is used to pick her fat from in between your teeth.

Someone hurls behind you. Turning around, you see your daughter standing at the top of the steps with her vomit piled at her feet. She seems sorta pale.

“Go to your room!”
She nods and walks back. Each footstep has a slight smushing sound to it, probably because of her vomit.

You glance back at the corpse. Then, the utter horror of the situation becomes clear. Her blood stained the carpet. You let out a wail before picking up the body and tossing it out the back door. The door’s shut quickly to keep the cold air outside. Taking a rag and a filling up a bucket of water, you do all you can to stop the staining. “My precious carpets,” you mumble to no one in particular.

Your ears perk up. Four or maybe five cars are coming. Their sirens are unmistakable. Didn’t the police station have only five cars? What’d they be out here for… Your eyes open in shock. “Girl, get your lazy ass down here this instant!”
…
“Fucking move!”
Nothing.

You see the flashing lights pull up outside. The men exit their cars with weapons already drawn. One of them speaks in some microphone telling you to get out with your hands up. You bare your fangs and growl.

Leaping through your window, maybe you should’ve taken the front door to save money on window repair, you prepare for carnage.

There’s carnage and there's shit. The shit came from three of the police officers. All but one ended up pissing themselves. That one took a leak just before your daughter called them up from a neighbor’s landline. Unfortunately, the shit also came from you. As you've seen many ties before, when bodies die, they shit all over the place. That’s what happened to you. As for the carnage, it was all you. Ten bullet holes. Despite the gore, your daughter insisted on seeing your corpse. She spat on it.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“You wanna waste your life? Fine. I honestly can’t give a shit about you anyway. It’s like talking to a dead corpse.”
Your daughter looks at you then back at the paper. “So I can still draw?”
“For all I care, whore out at school.”

You stomp out of her bedroom and spend the rest of the night fuming in your chair.

You don’t hold a meaningful conversation with her for the next week. She eats. She sleeps. She fucks around doing some shit in the bedroom. Around you, she tries to act like a ghost, a presence only felt instead of sensed.

January 29th, 1994.

Everything changes when you get a nock on the door one Saturday. As usual, your pathetic excuse for a daughter sits up in her bedroom. That means you get the door.

“Hello!”

Ug, that’s chipper beyond reason. Your eyes narrow. Why would one of her teachers come to visit on the weekend. Maybe the brat spread lies as revenge despite how nice you’ve been. Which teacher is this anyway? Math? English? Meh, it doesn’t matter.

“Hi,” you grunt.
“I tried calling, but your line sounded like it was down.” The woman still has some youth, but she also has too much jiggle. She should lay off the doughnuts.
“Missed this bill.”
“Oh.” She cringes somewhat. Maybe since she got embarrassed, she’ll leave. “Can I come in?” Shit.
“Sure.”

She enters the house and you close the door behind her. She shifts uncomfortably until you motion to the table. You both sit down.

“Why the visit?”
“I’m concerned about your daughter.” No shit. Also, damn it. She must be a new teacher. One of those assholes who do everything to help the kids. She’ll burn out in a couple years. Maybe she could loose some weight along the way.
“Why?”
“Over the past week or so, she pretty much stopped talking altogether.” Her eyes glance at your open and barren cupboard. Does she eat more in a day that you and your daughter combined?
“She does that.”
“Just wanted to see if everything is alright. You know…” She lists phycology crap. It might have something to do with her being hungry. You’re not sure. “…So I wanted to see if she was eating enough.”

You feel your teeth sharpen. How dare she insult how you raise your child!
> You yell at Her
“You dare insult me!” You slam your hands on the table.
“No, no I didn’t.” She shakes her head. Her neck fat jiggles.
“Get out,” you growl.

She nods and runs out the door. She trips once outside before lumbering into her car. It tootles away.

Growling, you clutch your table until the wood shatters. “Shit, now I gotta fix this too. Should’ve just killed the fatty.”

You glance outside to the three deer carcasses. There’s plenty of food for the both of you. What does she know anyway? That teacher probably thinks that anything less then five hamburgers a day in child abuse.

Her footsteps come down the stairs. You glance at your daughter.

“Was that my teacher?”
“Don’t bother me.”

She leaves for her room again which’s good. The less you see of that girl, the better. Maybe she’ll learn to be less of a lecherous person one day, but you shouldn’t get your hopes to high. If you force her to become independent, she could improve. At the very least, expecting nothing of her but doing nothing for her would make your life much less annoying.
> You february 12th, 2010
The young woman rearranges the flowers a little. She nods at herself. “There. Doesn’t that look pretty? I can be orderly. Just ask my husband.” She chuckles to no one in particular.

She looks up. Snowflakes no longer dance above. The skies have cleared to show a pale blue.

“My kids are good workers too. I would’ve been if you ever gave me the chance, but we can’t change that now.”

She turns around and walks back, retracing her footsteps through the empty graveyard. The woman puts her hands in her pockets. She stops midstride. Without looking back, she says, “I still haven’t forgiven you. Don’t you dare think I ever will.”

The daughter exits the graveyard leaving the graves to silence again.

The white lilacs lie in front of the gravestone for a week before they rot from the rising temperate. Soon, the pristine beauty became a decayed black.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You remain perfectly still. Snow piles on your flowing hair. Each breathe feels like a sharp jab in the chest. Today must be the coldest day of the year, but that won’t stop you from getting meat. Your ears perk up. In the distance, you hear the slightest discrepancy among the snow falling. Two maybe three animals approach.

You doublecheck your position. Trees make visibility lower, but your position on top of a small hill helps that. The ridge is unfortunate because everything to your east, including those animals, can’t be seen from your spot. If it wasn’t for the two animal trails converging on this location, you wouldn’t hunt here often.

You give a toothy grin. All sorts of sensations flow through your body. It has a name in some book, probably. You just call it the Hunter’s High. Everything comes into greater focus. The moonlight becomes brighter. The smells become more potent. Even the snow seems to fall slower.

In most instances, you would strike, but their steps come closer and closer. You decide there are three different creatures. One sounds lighter than the other two, probably a small or sickly doe. No other creatures would sound like this.

Your knees crouch just a few inches. You clench your hands into fists. They should be here soon.

Three does step over a ridge. You strike and set your mind to a glorious hunt.

Everything comes back into focus a little while later. You’re not quite sure exactly how long it took, but the moon hasn’t moved far. You clean the three carcasses before lugging them home.

You hum. Nothing makes you happier than a successful hunt. You provide for your little family and get to run wild. No one else can do anything to you while being aggressor instead of the victim.

Your house transitions from a tiny dot in the distance to your meager adobe. Instead of taking the front door, you walk around to the back. You take some rope out from your shed and hang the deer for them to air out. As you hoist up your final kill, you notice a light coming from your daughter’s bedroom. It must be in the early hours of the morning. What is she doing?

You creep to the back door and insert the key into the deadbolt. It clicks. You take careful steps inside, doing everything possible to not make a sound. Is she trying to waste electricity? She knows that stuff doesn’t grow on trees. You slither up the stairs and peer into her room.

Using her lamp, her room is casts into a dancing assortment of shadows. She holds a pencil and scratches away at a paper. This can’t be writing. It’s… Your blood boils and your teeth become fangs.

“What the fuck are you doing!” You stomp into her room.
She falls out of her seat and bumps her head against the wall. “M-m-m… I, uh…” Her eyes drown in fear.
You pick up her paper. You see half a person, a girl by the looks of it. “Are you drawing?” You shove the picture an inch from her face and dangle it there.
“Y-y-y…” She gives up trying to speak and nods. Tears form in her eyes.
“Didn’t I tell you to stop doing that!”
She nods.
“Holy shit, you’re fucking retarded. You need to get your grades up, but you fuck around at night drawing pictures? I told you. God damn it! I damn right told you, but did you listen? No, you just did what you always wanted to do because you seem dead set to be a bum. At this rate, you’ll be a bitch whoring out on the street. You think you can fuck with me and get away with it? Tell me!”

She sits in the corner and cries.

“Tell me!”
She covers her head protectively. “I like drawing.”
> You get Angry
“You fucking what!”
“I like drawing.”

You slap her across the cheek. She lets out a yelp. Faint claw marks already drip red on her face. “You think that’s a good excuse? Fine! Try drawing without any of your shit!” You snatch up all her paper and every pen and pencil. “And you better not let your grades suffer. If I see one C, then you’ll wish you had never been born.”
“B…”
“What is it!”
“How can I do school if you took all my supplies?”
“Maybe you should’ve thought about that before you started drawing! Fucking hell, how can you be so stupid?”

She doesn’t say anything. All the bat does is sit in her corner and cry, not even giving you the proper respect to reply. How dare she!

You pick her up by her shirt and scream in her face, “Answer me when I ask a question!”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“That’s not an answer!”

You throw her down hard. Her body give an audible thud when it strikes. She screams in pain.

Your spit flies from your teeth onto her face as you bellow in fury. “You fucking nitwit! Everyone knows art doesn’t pay for shit. We live in shit, and I’m not even a fucking artist. Why are you so stupid?”
“I’m a stupid person!” She clutches her forearm.
“Yes. Finally you understand. You know what stupid girls do?”
“N-no!” She clenches her teeth.
“The do chores but they don’t do art. Go to bed before you do anything else stupid. Oh, and suck it up, you pussy. A little pain never killed anyone.”

She stands and nods. Blood drips down freely from her sliced cheek. For some reason, the girl hasn’t let go of her forearm.

“Let go of your forearm already. You got no brains at all if you think I’ll fall for a pity party trick.”
“I think it’s broken,” she whimpers.
“Tough luck.”
“Really.” She nods and sniffles.

You pry her hand off an examine her arm. No bone protrudes from her arm, but that’s one hell of a bruise already.

“Deal with it. We don’t have money to spare on frivolous things like hospitals.”
“My teachers will notice.” She hiccups or whatever that pathetic noise is called. “They’ll send me to a nurse who’ll ask my why I hadn’t gone to a hospital. That won’t make you look good.”
“Manipulative bitch, you broke your arm on purpose!”

She looks up at you. Her eyes narrow. “I’m going to a hospital, mother.” For a fleeting moment, her eyes flash red.

“Please stop!” You whimper and clutch your chest. “I’ll make you your favorite-” Another slap stops you midsentence. As the world spins around, you see your daughter clutching her teddy bear. Her eyes are wide open in a frozen horror. “Mommy’s alright. Go to bed, sweetie.”

“If you fuck up one more time.” His lips curl into a grin baring his painted teeth. “You won’t be the object of my attention.” He motions towards your daughter. His eyes glow red, a horrible color. The color of blood.

“No.” It’s not a whimper or a declaration. It’s a cold statement, a fact of life. Your eyes glow red. The curse spread to you. His eyes open in terror moments before his throat is opened in a gory liberation.

The curse has spread to her as well.

“I’m sorry.”
> You february 12th, 2010
“Well, I better get going.” She pats the flowers and walks away from the grave. Snowflakes already dust the flowers. The woman stops and looks back. “I never did get it though. How come you abruptly changed your mind like that? Dumping me off over a broken arm? I grew up in foster care from then on, though I’m not complaining. Much better people, you know?”

She sighs. “Maybe it was the eyes. I don’t think anyone can scare a monster. By comparison, everything else seems tame.” She shoves her hands into the coat pockets. “The monster can’t see anyone scary. When you’re an evil, insane person, the only thing that can scare you is your own reflection.”

The woman turns around and gazes into the distance. An old truck awaits for her in the parking lot. A man is turned around in the driver’s seat. She can tell he’s talking to two beautiful children.

“I like my reflection.”<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk home from a long day at work. People complain about long work days, but they got nothing. You put in ten thankless hours making next to nothing. The wind blows through the holes in your jacket. One day, you’ll patch it up. Shivering, you quicken your pace.

The path back is harder than the morning. You shrug. It’s the price to pay for living up top of the hill. The mound has some sorta official name, but all in this sleepy little town just call it that. You like living there. No neighbors. No loud noises. No lights. Darkness. Just darkness and silence.

Your feet hurt. Maybe the charity store has a better shoe size now. Looking down, you see two worn out tennis shoes that are a half a size too small. Each step shoots a minor jab starting from your feet and ending at your hips. You’ll get to rests soon.

Spying your house, a smile comes across your lips. The heater will warm your bones again this February night. You’ll make something to satisfy your hunger. “No,” you mutter under your huffing breath. “Paycheck comes tomorrow.” What do you have in the fridge and pantry? Four, maybe five slices of bread. There’s some peanut butter too. That’ll do. A feast for two.

You clench your fists. Why can’t you do better? Is this all life will give to you? Damn life. Damn him. Your body shudders just thinking about that monster. You can make it on your own. You’re good enough to do it.

Your house sits in front of you. Each step causes it to look less and less small. You’ve kept it looking nice. It could use some paint, and that railing needs fixing. The window still got that board over it. It could be worse… though it could be better as well.

You unlock the door and step inside. “I’m home,” you say. No one replies, as always. She never gets here after school ends. At the earliest, your kid arrives at evening. “Lazy and unappreciative.” You lock the door behind you. “She could at least dust the place.”

You turn on the heater and set about to cleaning. You’ve been asking her for almost a week, but she won’t get off her ass to do it. You feed her, clothe her, and give her shelter. It’s all the minimum essentials, but that’s all you got. Would expressing thanks be too much to ask?

The sun sets in the grey winter sky. Yellow lights pop up in the town below, signs of life. Humans are a funny bunch. By turning on lights, they fight back against the darkness, yet nothing really changes. It’s like how you used to hide your face as a child. The big scary monster wouldn’t hurt you if you hid your eyes. To them, the big scary monsters won’t hurt them if they see all with their eyes. You chuckle. “A different side to the same coin.”

Of course, the monster hurt you anyway, regardless of whether you saw it or not.

You look down. Your fists clench the dinner table, knuckles turning white from the grip. You let go. Grabbing an ax, you head outside to cut wood. Fires are cheaper to run than the heater. You found it’s a good way to blow off steam anyway.

You aren’t one of those muscled women. It’s hard work, more hard work. Too bad your daughter’s too young to help with this… You imagine the situation for a moment. It wouldn’t be a good idea. Knowing her, someone would get hurt if she had to chop wood.

At least nature provides. If it wasn’t for the several fallen trees on your land, then you’d have to buy it. There’s always a silver lining. The house sits around being a piece of shit, but at least the trees got some use. Well, they get squirrels too. Those chattering rats provide some cheap food too, just some time and a bullet.

As you pile up the wood in your wood shed, you hear a creak from the front porch, then another. Setting down the ax, you head back inside. She’s home.

The girl carries her backpack and chatters her teeth together. She gives that blank stare you’ve grown accustomed to over the past few years. Glancing at the clock, it shows a few minutes before nine.

“You’re later than normal,” you deadpan. “Any explanation?”
She shakes her head.
You clench your fists. “I dusted the house. Any reason why you couldn’t at least do that?”
She shakes her head again.

Well shit. Now, you’re irked.

You unclench your hands. Your daughter flinches. You slap her. She stumbles back a step or two before a tear cascades down her face. A red handprint forms on her left check.

She never stops giving that blank expression. “Don’t hurt me again, Mother.”
> You get Pissed
“You dare backtalk!” You push her against a wall. “Listen now, because I’ll only tell you once, don’t ever backtalk again or I’ll grind you into ground beef.”
She nods without showing any emotion.
You slap her again. “You got that?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
You slap her other cheek. “Louder!”
“Yes, ma’am.”
You re-slap her cheek. “Louder!”
“Yes, ma’am.”

You push her to the ground and walk away from her. She picks herself up and scampers to her bedroom. What will you do about that girl? She spends all her time being away from the house and not doing her chores. Why? It’s not like you ask much of her. At her age, you were cleaning the entire house, cooking, and taking care of a baby brother. What’s with this generation?

She sobs. You can hear it even though it sounds muffled. Maybe she buried her face in a pillow. At least you got a response after this disciplinary measure.

She’s been such a bitch lately. Time to fix that. You see two things you could do right now. Maybe, you could follow her and find out what she’s been doing out so late. You shudder. It’s probably gloryholes. It seems like something she and this generation would do. Either that or you could kill her.

You shake your head. Where did that thought come from? It must be some lingering effects.
> You kill Her
Fuck it. You’ve dealt with her shit for long enough now. If she wants to do nothing but lie around, then she can do that in a coffin. You march upstairs to her room. Exhilaration pumps through your body as it does for every hunt. This time, your prey is much closer to home.

She doesn’t see your form in the doorway. She’s too busy crying into her pillow. Rip off her head? Smother her? Choke her to death, kill some deer, and disguise her meat by intermingling with the deer meat? That’s a good idea. You nod to yourself, happy at your brainstorming.

You creep up to her, but the floor creaks. She turns her head and looks at you. “What are you doing here, mother?” She wipes off her tears. Your claws reveal themselves and you take a step forward to… No, you can’t do this. Every animal and human instinct inside you screams to protect that extension of your flesh and blood.

“Mother?” She sounds scared.

You raise your claws up. Life has been too hard. You can’t stand to live with that girl anymore. You swipe down. Blood shoots out from the torn throat of the victim. Gurgling noises fill the room along with a scream. Your daughter becomes nearly hysterical from watching her mother slitting her throat.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“You dare backtalk!” You push her against a wall. “Listen now, because I’ll only tell you once, don’t ever backtalk again or I’ll grind you into ground beef.”
She nods without showing any emotion.
You slap her again. “You got that?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
You slap her other cheek. “Louder!”
“Yes, ma’am.”
You re-slap her cheek. “Louder!”
“Yes, ma’am.”

You push her to the ground and walk away from her. She picks herself up and scampers to her bedroom. What will you do about that girl? She spends all her time being away from the house and not doing her chores. Why? It’s not like you ask much of her. At her age, you were cleaning the entire house, cooking, and taking care of a baby brother. What’s with this generation?

She sobs. You can hear it even though it sounds muffled. Maybe she buried her face in a pillow. At least you got a response after this disciplinary measure.

She’s been such a bitch lately. Time to fix that. You see two things you could do right now. Maybe, you could follow her and find out what she’s been doing out so late. You shudder. It’s probably gloryholes. It seems like something she and this generation would do. Either that or you could kill her.

You shake your head. Where did that thought come from? It must be some lingering effects.
> You stalk Her
What were you thinking? You should find out what your daughter has been doing.

January 18th, 1994.

You stood there for hours as you did yesterday. Like yesterday, your daughter did the exact same thing. She sat on a bench at the playground. Nothing more. Nothing less. She didn’t move and read. She sat there. You’d think that dumb bitch was a statue if it wasn’t for the puffs of her slow, rhythmic breath.

Unlike last time, you step into her line of site. She gasps. “Mother?”
“What are you doing here?”
“Nothing?”
“Answer my question!” Your eyes flash red. You feel your sharped teeth.
“That was my answer. I am not doing anything.”

You lay your hand on her shoulder and squeeze. She grunts. Your hand gains in hair and claws, but there aren’t many people around. They won’t notice.

“Why aren’t you doing chores?”
“It’s safe out here.”
“You’ll get raped, murdered, and raped again out here.”
“I don’t get hurt.”
“Are you insinuating something?”

She grunts. Your grip has become tighter. She stands up and slips out of your grip in your surprise.

“Yes, I am. What are you going to do about it, bitch.”
“You fucking slut!” you shout. You slap her, harder than you ever had before.

People scream. Oh shit. There are a few people around.

“Monster!” one of them shouts.

Monster? You revert to your human form, but you can’t. It won’t change. You hand won’t become small. Your eyes remain red. You look at your body. It’s all monster.

You snarl at the people.

“Come on, let’s…” Where is she? You can’t see her, though her scent is close by. A rock hits your head. Several teens parked their car just to get out and throw rocks at you. What pricks. You charge at the stupid members of society. They will-

You fall on the ground, a hole the size of your human fist has opened in your stomach. Glancing up, you see a local hick holding a shotgun. That’s not fair. He fires again. This time, for your head. It pops like a tick that drank too much blood.
> You february 12th, 2010
“Is it bad that I don’t feel like spitting on your grave?” She dusts off the snow that accumulated as she stared at the marker for the dead. “You were a horrible person, but I think you knew that.” She clenches her fists. “Even though I have your curse, I’ll never understand. I’m normal. You were not.”

She turns around and walks away without saying goodbye. Halfway to the car, she stops and turns around.

“Was it because of father? I remember him. He gave it to you. You gave it to me. It’s not an excuse for your actions, but is that who you did what you did? Well, I broke the trend. My kids have beautiful eyes.”

She smiles at her many memories of them. She turns away from the graveyard and leaves. Each step a little more spring than they normally do. Her mother won’t be hurting her anymore.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Sorry if you don't enjoy this game. This is my second game and first time using the advanced editor. Enjoy :)
> The First Page
 

Part One




You wake up in a dark room. You are lying on the cold, concrete floor and the outside light is shining on your face. You let out a loud groan and stand up. You take in your surroundings. What the fuck? You realize you are standing in the middle of a dark prison cell. You pace around the room, rubbing your head in anger. You start to panic.


How the hell did I get in here?


You walk over to the bars and start shouting for someone. Noone answers. You kick your bed and curse under your breath. You can't seem to recall any information of your past. You don't seem to remember anything. You can't even remember your name. You sit down on your bed and decide it's time to do something.


 
> You examine the toilet
You walk over to the toilet and check around the outside. You see nothing of interest.
> You check behind the toilet
You look behind the toilet and see a flashlight. This could some in use.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk over to the toilet and check around the outside. You see nothing of interest.
> You check inside the toilet
You bend down and plunge your arm deep inside the toilet. You feel something plastic but you can't seem to pick it up, it's too slippery.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|> 

Part One




You wake up in a dark room. You are lying on the cold, concrete floor and the outside light is shining on your face. You let out a loud groan and stand up. You take in your surroundings. What the fuck? You realize you are standing in the middle of a dark prison cell. You pace around the room, rubbing your head in anger. You start to panic.


How the hell did I get in here?


You walk over to the bars and start shouting for someone. Noone answers. You kick your bed and curse under your breath. You can't seem to recall any information of your past. You don't seem to remember anything. You can't even remember your name. You sit down on your bed and decide it's time to do something.


 
> You examine the bed
You walk over to the bed and examine the outside. Nothing but the dirty sheets.
> You check under the bed
You look under the bed and see something long. It looks like a crowbar. That could be of use.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|> 

Part One




You wake up in a dark room. You are lying on the cold, concrete floor and the outside light is shining on your face. You let out a loud groan and stand up. You take in your surroundings. What the fuck? You realize you are standing in the middle of a dark prison cell. You pace around the room, rubbing your head in anger. You start to panic.


How the hell did I get in here?


You walk over to the bars and start shouting for someone. Noone answers. You kick your bed and curse under your breath. You can't seem to recall any information of your past. You don't seem to remember anything. You can't even remember your name. You sit down on your bed and decide it's time to do something.


 
> You examine the door
 



You walk over to the prison bars and get a good grip. You pull but the door's don't budge.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are far from home on a trip when the morning news reports mass hysteria and multiple murders. At first you think it's a hoax. Unbelievingly, you listen as the broadcasts confirm that the recently dead are rising and cannibalizing the living!

You control your shock and try to think. Your hotel will not be safe. You are unfamiliar with the area, but you do have some ideas. You consider your options...

Fort Gyver - this old military base isn't too far. You think you'll be safe if you can get inside and grab some weapons. You expect to see many people, and zombies, on your way there.

Marven Mall - this shopping mall isn't too far. It will offer a good mix of equipment and provide reasonable shelter, but you can expect to encounter many looters and zeds on the way.

Stackling Towers - this large, residential tower is very close. It's also practically abandoned now. It should provide good shelter. Food wont be a problem, but other gear may be hard to find.

the Country - You want to escape the area immediately and head for someplace less populated. You'll worry about shelter and equipment as you go. Reaching a rural area may be difficult, but once you're there it should be very safe.

You head to:
> You marven Mall
You head into the street towards the mall. There are very few people outside, but you do see some folks franticly packing cars in front of a high-rise condo a few blocks away. The morning sun sits brightly over the horizon. Far off,  you see an elevated freeway jammed with traffic. The sound of sirens drifts softly through the moist air from all directions- one seems to be getting closer.

You come to an intersection where there was a violent car accident involving a station wagon and a police cruise. You see no one around. The siren you heard has past far off and is now fading. A pharmacy on the corner has it's door held open by a headless corpse.

You look in the wrecks..... both vehicles are empty of bodies. The police car is locked and empty. The wagon took the bulk of the damage; blood covers the steering wheel and driver's seat and door. You decide to search it for anything useful.

The station wagon has a plastic grocery sack with a loaf of bread poking out the top. It's in the back away from the blood. The bag is flimsy though, and kinda full. There is also a large, leather lady's handbag on the front passenger side floor, so you grab it and dump it out in the back and stuff the plastic bag with the food into it. You then pick through the dumped contents for anything useful and put them back in the purse. Finally, you pull the spare tire out of the way and take the tire iron.

As you stand up from the wagon's trunk, you hear, "Don't move! Put your hands up and turn around."

You raise your hands to your shoulders and turn. A cop is pointing a pistol at your face. She's large for a women. Her name tag reads- "Heigs". She says, "Say something."

"Something." you reply.

She lowers the pistol and looks around. A bright red pony tail pokes out from beneath her dark blue hat. "Do you know what's happening?!?", she asks, grabbing your shoulder with her free hand and looking into your eyes.

"Well....", you begin, not quite sure what to say.

"Zombies!" she declares, as though that explains everything. "Just like the fuckin movies! I didn't believe it till a few minutes ago...." She trails off, lost in a thought, but quickly comes back. "We have to get to the mall. There are too many reasons to explain right now. You comin?" She asks. She starts off toward the mall, glancing all around. You follow her. 
> You continue...
 
[two weeks later...]

..... getting to, and in to, the mall wasn't a problem. The tire iron was VERY useful.... Dealing with the mall security guards wasn't hard either- Officer Heigs showed a strong sense of authority... and her side arm. Arguments over who could stay were quickly shouted down with a combination of common sense and base morality. There was a flood of refuges the first day, and the infection did nearly spread in the mall, but it was contained. Survivors stopped coming the second day, and the current head count is now over thirty. Clearing the building was more of a challenge, and many folks fear the inside of the mall is still unsafe.

Now, a frightened collection of strangers defend it against an ever growing crowd of undead. There have been plenty of arguments, but everyone has remained civil, and a basic plan has been forming- and while most of the details are already agreed on, some are not.

Everyone agrees that leaving will be necessary soon. It's only a matter of time before the food runs out... or the zombies get in. The vehicles in the garage can carry everyone, but they must be reinforced first. (and that work has already begun.) The destination is Pandrice Island, a small, sparsely populated island. To reach it, you'll need to get to Bay Point Marina for a boat (or possibly a helicopter). You and Katherine agree that it's a good idea.

The disagreements on the plan are about what to bring, and what supplies should be gathered on the way to the harbor. The different opinions have been championed by the emerging leaders. Support is split equally between them into a few groups; with a few folks, Katherine included, still undecided.

The leaders and their positions are listed below.

Ron Culling is a mechanic. Extra fuel and special tools are his priorities.
"We may have to fuel or fix the transportation at the marina."

Brian Crane is a teacher. Extra food and general equipment are his priorities.
"We will need a good supply of the basic necessities."

Jack Matson is a soldier. Extra ammo and better weapons are his priorities.
"We need to arm ourselves! It's dangerous out there!"

Who will you support?
> The Mechanic
It's obvious that reliable transportation, both to and from the marina are the most crucial components of the plan. You spend the next few days convincing Katherine and Doc that the mechanic Ron Culling has the right idea, and you quickly build a strong majority. Jack Matson is furious over the final decision, and you see little of him after the vote.

You and Ron spend much of your time together in the garage preparing the vehicles, and you get to know him well. You also get familiar with the vehicles. You take a break from welding and look at them now.

"The cars should be as safe as the van by the time we leave." Ron says, reading your thoughts. The three cars have been reinforced, but not as well as the van. They do handle better, though. The van has been heavily modified- there are iron bars and chicken wire on the windows, a ram plate on the front, a gunner's hatch cut into the roof, puncture-proof tires... the works. It's the safest vehicle available, but it's also the slowest and least mobile.

The other vehicles are a pick-up truck (an F-350), and five motorcycles (all KLR650s). They haven't been modified, but they are the most mobile. The cycles have spare fuelcans, and the truck has four-wheel drive and a dual fuel tank. The cycles are the best for getting around all the stalled traffic, but they offer no protection from the zombies; or the weather. The truck is safer then the cycles, but not as much as the cars.

You return to welding, working for as long as able before needing rest.

You lay down and fall asleep.

From a deep dream, you are jolted awake. Katherine is eagerly shaking you and whispering, "We have to get out of here- NOW." She looks around. Behind her, you see Ron and several others, armed and ready. "Matson has gone crazy! He's already shot Crane and his wife and God knows who else!" You knew he was nutty, but you never suspected this. "We need to leave. They're coming now!" she ends.

Your small band runs for the garage. Kat slows down to watch your back, but you urge her on. You are almost there when one of Matson's guards steps right in your way! You blast him in the chest and hurdle his body, leaving the head intact; Jack can deal with him later. Once inside, you jump in a vehicle and start it up. You take. . .
> A cycle
You rev up the motorcycle. Doc throws the garage doors open, and then violently cracks the skull of the single zombie lingering by the exit. Your companions jump in the other vehicles, waiting for your signal. Doc throws one more bag of gear into the truck before hurling himself on top of it.

"I'm riding with you..." Katherine says as she steps to your bike. "...but don't get any big ideas." she jokes as she gracefully straddles the seat facing backwards securely. You rest your weapon on the handlebars. "let's three-sixty." she concludes with a final quip, her sub-machine gun gripped and slung tight about her broad shoulders and ample chest. You feel her draw a serious posture, and you begin your journey.

Bay Point Marina is still a long way off when you encounter your first serious obstacle- a horde of the undead congest your way through a small town. You nod to the drivers behind you waving agreeingly- you'll split up if needed. You slow down to consider your options.... you can:
> You go through the mob of zombies on the main road.
You over-estimate the vehicle's capabilities, and your own, and soon find yourself stuck. Zombies surround you. You shoot desperately while trying to get out of the situation, but you are trapped. Katherine slows her rate of fire when her ammo is low. Your hands tighten- you are bit. Blood gushes from the wound and you feel faint. Katherine snaps the last reload into her weapon, looking at you sadly.....

You have not survived the zombie apocalypse.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You rev up the motorcycle. Doc throws the garage doors open, and then violently cracks the skull of the single zombie lingering by the exit. Your companions jump in the other vehicles, waiting for your signal. Doc throws one more bag of gear into the truck before hurling himself on top of it.

"I'm riding with you..." Katherine says as she steps to your bike. "...but don't get any big ideas." she jokes as she gracefully straddles the seat facing backwards securely. You rest your weapon on the handlebars. "let's three-sixty." she concludes with a final quip, her sub-machine gun gripped and slung tight about her broad shoulders and ample chest. You feel her draw a serious posture, and you begin your journey.

Bay Point Marina is still a long way off when you encounter your first serious obstacle- a horde of the undead congest your way through a small town. You nod to the drivers behind you waving agreeingly- you'll split up if needed. You slow down to consider your options.... you can:
> You go across the farm to reach to the main road.
You decide to cut across the farm, hoping to avoid the zombies; or getting stuck. At least you won't get lost going this way. You follow a path between two overgrown rows of crop and turn onto a dirt road. Several zombies wander the fields and shuffle toward you and groan as you pass.

Far ahead, you see a gate across the dirt road where it meets the main road. There are more shamblers on the road past the gate. Katherine grabs the door handle, ready to leap out to open the gate. But you have a better idea- you see a flatbed trailer, unhitched, tilted with it's rear touching the ground. You gas your ride and aim to hit the ramp straight.

"You can't be serious!!" cries Katherine, "Slow down! I can. . ."

But your speed is just too great and your determination cuts her off. You are committed to the jump. The vehicle bucks violently as you hit the trailer, flying over it. You float weightless through the air. Then you clear the gate and land with a powerful jolt, bowling into three zombies standing in the road. You turn and drive away, leaving the small overrun town behind you.

You drive a few hours before reaching Bay Point Marina.
> You continue...
The Eastern sky turns pink and the air damp.

Bay Point Marina is in a secluded spot. A long driveway stretches before you, disappearing into the trees. You begin to wonder if you've taken a wrong turn, when soon enough, it opens into a parking lot. You see the various buildings and docks that comprise the marina. The rising Sun shines on the water and the boats. There are dozens of yachts of all shapes and sizes, maybe a hundred or more docked along several floating piers. You can smell the water. Pandrice Island seems closer than ever.

It will be safer in the day, at least outside, you've learned over the past weeks.
The rotters hate the Sun.

Gratefully, you see some of the other vehicles from your caravan already parked near the main building- a combination lodge, restaurant, gift-shop, and office. Thick rope and old life-preservers decorate it's blue and white facade. Off to it's side, you see a stack of headless corpses. Then you see one of your mates waving from the door. You park facing the gate, leaving the key, and stretch your tired legs as you stand. You take another look around at the other buildings and the docks before stepping inside. Far away, you think you see a figure in the shadow of a doorway, but disregard it.

Doc greets you inside, expressing his happiness with a giant grin for both you and Katherine. The hotel lobby is nice. You wave to the other survivors lounging on couches and chairs which ring a large coffee table, and they shout back happily. Maps (or charts, rather) and books on boating are spread across the table.

Still near the main doors, Katherine steps to a familiar looking duffel bag resting on the reception counter and begins picking through it. There are also several bottles of water and a few bags of chips on the desk, plucked from the shelves of the adjoining shop, no doubt. You chug a whole bottle, then slowly drink another with some chips while Doc explains the situation.

"There are a number of buildings," he begins, leading you and Kat upstairs. "The hotel here should be safe for a day, but that won't be enough time to search and gather everything. And of course, we have to assess the boats available, choose one, load it, and leave. Soon. That mob that split us up last night.... some will try to follow us, I think... And just our presence here..." he stops, not wanting to speak it aloud. "We'll split into teams today to get everything ready for tomorrow morning."
> You continue upstairs...
At the top of the steps, the first room's door is propped open. Down the hall, a disturbing dark patch stains the floor and walls. Doc continues into the room and walks to a broad window, stepping into the bright morning light and pointing out over the marina.

You join him at the window. The Sun feels good.
The boats rock lazily in the twinkling waves.



"You can see the best transportation." he says, pointing out and squinting. A few giant trawlers dominate the fleet of small craft. The two largest sit at the end of the longest dock. "Once they're secure, Ron will hot-wire one and prep it. He'll need help clearing that pier and watching his back while he works. Should be easy."

Doc moves his hand, drawing your attention to a large wood building near the water, to the right of the docks. "The ship chandler's shop," he continues, "sells boating supplies.... or did, anyway." There are several vehicles parked end-to-end encircling the main doorway; the doors are gone. It looks dangerous. "We'll need food and stuff from there. Normally, that's where you'd also get fuel, at that fuel dock there, BUT with the electricity and the pumps out...."

His hand shifts to a different building, to the left, past the farthest pier- this one is a low, broad, plainly-painted tin shed; obviously some kind of machine shop. A tall derrick sits just beyond it. A narrow service road reaches it from a corner of the lot. It doesn't seem dangerous, but it is far from any safety or help. "The fuel tanks over there should have hand-cranked pumps. Besides, Ron may have to scrounge in there later for tools or parts."

"Of course," Doc says, shifting his hand to the window sill, pointing down, "we'll leave a guard here to watch the hotel while a few folks rest up to guard tonight. They'll also watch the parking lot, the vehicles, and the driveway- just in case." Doc drops his hand. "We're hoping more will make it before we leave."

He turns away from the window to face you and Katherine, ending his speech.
"Frankly, I'm just glad you made it." he concludes.

The three of you return downstairs to the lobby and join the others.
The group spends a few moments sorting out the details of the day before beginning.

You decide to:
> You help secure the pier.
The group breaks up into parties and sets out from the hotel. You and Ron head across the parking lot. He carries an H&K MP5 submachine, and wears a small but heavily loaded backpack. You here tools and cans and other metal bits clanking about inside it as you walk. Reading the concern on your face, he shrugs his shoulders and heaves the gun. "Heck," he says, "bring 'em on. I got my phaser set to 'fuck-it-up'." He wags his thumb by the weapon's selector switch, which is pointing to a little red 'F'.

You reach the head of the pier. He shoulders the butt of his gun and gets serious. "I'll watch the front and sides. You watch the back. Double-check the boats as we pass." Following his lead, you begin down the floating dock. It moves gently beneath your feet. You give extra care to your footing. You watch intently, but see nothing. You reach the end without incident. All the boats (at least on this pier) are clear.

The two of you climb on to the large boat Doc had pointed out earlier and, searching carefully, find it safe. Ron begins tinkering about while you stand on the deck, watching the pier. He blurts Star Trek references while performing his work. Occasionally he jots notes in a small notebook. It is suprisingly clean for the condition of his hands. He shakes his head approvingly as he inspects the vessel, and you take it as a good sign. 

The first time Ron starts the engines, for a second, you feel the irrational urge to just run. Right then and there. To just flee in the boat, as it is, leaving reason and caution and your companions behind. The impulse lasts only a moment, but it is a strong one. You begin to feel the exertions from the previous night catching up to you.

The day passes uneventfully. You are pretty sure Ron has checked everything at least four times, if not more, before finally asking him if he's ready. He admits he's being overly thorough, and motions to the hotel with his notebook.

You return to the security of the lodge. You wash, eat, and lay to rest. Exhausted from the toil of the previous night's flight and the day's vigil, you instantly drop to sleep.
> You continue...
Dreams of life before the out-break swirl in your mind with images of your former shelter. Faces of family and friends mix in an overlay with the horrifying sights you've seen since the outbreak. Your memory betrays you. A dizzying collage of aquaintences and dead strangers warps into a frightful parade. Then, one face grabs your vision- it's features are a bizzare mix of Katherine and your mother, zombified. She scowls at you in sour disappointment, shaking a dead finger disapprovingly. You cringe, feeling guilty and ashamed and confused. Your body tries to squirm, but Hypnos' paralysis holds you.

You wake early. You are eager to get under way, as are all your companions.  Pandrice Island should be 24 hours away- if Doc, as Captain now, knows where he's going. And Ron Culling, as "Chief Engineer", can keep the engines running... by keeping the warp core stable and the plasma injectors clear, apparently.

The morning's preparations go smoothly and the boat is quickly stocked and boarded.  Your intrepid group leaves with the Sun still low.  Clouds gather on the horizon.

The marina fades behind as you set into open water. The waves grow alarmingly large away from the coast. The boat rolls in every direction, but mainly pitches up and down cutting through the foamy water. Many get sea-sick initially; Katherine and a few others never recover, remaining ill.

Dim, diffused light seeps from a thickening layer of white clouds through mid-day. Doc (now "Cap") and a fellow survivor, Brian, take turns navigating the trawler from the pilot house. You occasionally join them. Sea spray and rain confine everyone else to the living quarters. Discussions center on what you'll find, and the tactics of landing safely. Some hold the hope of finding other survivors already established there, but most think that unlikely. The night brings fierce weather and waves. The violence prevents proper rest.

The next morning brings better conditions, but when the expected time of arrival comes with no sign of Pandrice island, or any island, or any land of any kind, everyone grows concerned. A few panic and demand to turn back, but Katherine calms them, and Doc convinces them to wait, explaining the delay and reassuring them with a lamenated chart and a simple (but rugged) GPS device. The day passes with clearing weather. When it gets dark, Doc himself begins to secretly expresses some self-doubt and fear.

Then, that evening, in a fragile nap you at long last hear a joyous cry from above. Brian is piloting from the top of the craft, pointing eagerly with a jabbing hand and offering cartoonishly large binoculars with the other. You climb to the flying bridge and scan the horizon with the heavy glasses. Everything is black. Then your eyes adjust, and you see it- a short, thin, [i]steady[/i], unbelievable steady, wonderfully steady line. It peeks meekly between the low waves from under the skirt of the sky. Doc joins you. He looks, then tilts his face to the sky and releases a sigh. You pat him on the back with a squeeze on the shoulder. He leaves to share the details of the news with the others.

The island grows enormous as you approach. Two hours pass before Brian finally kills the engine- the absence of it's droning is noticeable. The silhouette of land stretches wide before you. It is nearly midnight. Tomorrow, you will begin surveying the coast for a landing point.
> You pandrice Island
Your party landed safely on Pandrice Island.

In fact, you were welcomed- greeted by survivors already established there.

And others came after you, in the months that followed. In those months, you occasionally returned to the mainland for supplies, and to search for more survivors. You found few alive, but there was always more undead. Every trip was a harrowing adventure. As time passed, the forrays were more to procure books (on every topic) and special items (like a short wave radio) and less on fuel and ammo. Eventually, you stopped going.

Now, on the relative safety of the island, you attempt to build a new life and a new world. Hope has slowly returned. Your group has been in radio contact with a number of groups scattered around the world. They congratulate Katherine on her pregnency.

You have survived the zombi-pocalypse......... for now.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>At the top of the steps, the first room's door is propped open. Down the hall, a disturbing dark patch stains the floor and walls. Doc continues into the room and walks to a broad window, stepping into the bright morning light and pointing out over the marina.

You join him at the window. The Sun feels good.
The boats rock lazily in the twinkling waves.



"You can see the best transportation." he says, pointing out and squinting. A few giant trawlers dominate the fleet of small craft. The two largest sit at the end of the longest dock. "Once they're secure, Ron will hot-wire one and prep it. He'll need help clearing that pier and watching his back while he works. Should be easy."

Doc moves his hand, drawing your attention to a large wood building near the water, to the right of the docks. "The ship chandler's shop," he continues, "sells boating supplies.... or did, anyway." There are several vehicles parked end-to-end encircling the main doorway; the doors are gone. It looks dangerous. "We'll need food and stuff from there. Normally, that's where you'd also get fuel, at that fuel dock there, BUT with the electricity and the pumps out...."

His hand shifts to a different building, to the left, past the farthest pier- this one is a low, broad, plainly-painted tin shed; obviously some kind of machine shop. A tall derrick sits just beyond it. A narrow service road reaches it from a corner of the lot. It doesn't seem dangerous, but it is far from any safety or help. "The fuel tanks over there should have hand-cranked pumps. Besides, Ron may have to scrounge in there later for tools or parts."

"Of course," Doc says, shifting his hand to the window sill, pointing down, "we'll leave a guard here to watch the hotel while a few folks rest up to guard tonight. They'll also watch the parking lot, the vehicles, and the driveway- just in case." Doc drops his hand. "We're hoping more will make it before we leave."

He turns away from the window to face you and Katherine, ending his speech.
"Frankly, I'm just glad you made it." he concludes.

The three of you return downstairs to the lobby and join the others.
The group spends a few moments sorting out the details of the day before beginning.

You decide to:
> You help secure the chandler's shop.
The short walk to the shop is lead by Bonnie, a tough older women heavily armed with an M-16 in her hands, two bandoliers across her chest, two sidearms on her hips, and a two-way radio clipped to her belt. She moves forward slowly with the rifle firm to her shoulder, cheek to the butt, barrel straight. You follow close behind watching the right side, while Frank (her grandson) guards the left. The parking lot is wide open and obviously clear, but caution is the better part of prudence, you've all learned. The three of you move in a tight formation to the outer edge of the half-circle of cars surrounding the main door to the Chandler's shop. Bonnie aims over the hood of a sedan and calls through the open doorway with a loud "Hello." There is no response.

A second shout returns an inarticulate grunt- then a long, steady groan. Bonnie opens fire in bursts through the open doorway. [i]Pa-pa-pak! Pa-pa-pak! Pa-pa-pak![/i] When she stops to reload, Frank begins to fire over the car into the doors, also in bursts. When she readies her weapon again at the door, he finishes his magazine and reloads. Silence seeps from the shop.

After a short discussion, Frank and you move to either corner of the structure and check around to find it clear. Bonnie is still focused on the door. The building is very wide with only the one doorway open on the lot-side. You and Frank move to either side of the open doorway; it is clear just inside, from what you can see. Bonnie hurdles the bumpers between two cars (gracefully for her age) and resumes her deadly focus on the door. With a final nod, you and Frank enter the shop with Bonnie right behind.

The tall shelves of boating supplies and accesories makes the inside a labyrinth. The three of you move as a team from isle to isle, blasting one zombie after another. Now, you lead, with Bonnie and Frank at your sides, leaving a bloody trail of headless corpses through the shop. You only feel threatened once, mildly, when something moves behind you, but Bonnie has you covered; by the time you turn to look, the suprise is already slumping to the slick, tiled floor.

The action lasts only a few minutes, and after a double-check to confirm it's safe, Bonnie radios the other parties elsewhere with an "all-clear". You drag most of the bodies out of the way, then spend the remainer of the day gathering supplies for the trip.
 
Well before dark, you return to the lodge to rest.
You focus your mind off the day's grim work on to what is ahead. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>At the top of the steps, the first room's door is propped open. Down the hall, a disturbing dark patch stains the floor and walls. Doc continues into the room and walks to a broad window, stepping into the bright morning light and pointing out over the marina.

You join him at the window. The Sun feels good.
The boats rock lazily in the twinkling waves.



"You can see the best transportation." he says, pointing out and squinting. A few giant trawlers dominate the fleet of small craft. The two largest sit at the end of the longest dock. "Once they're secure, Ron will hot-wire one and prep it. He'll need help clearing that pier and watching his back while he works. Should be easy."

Doc moves his hand, drawing your attention to a large wood building near the water, to the right of the docks. "The ship chandler's shop," he continues, "sells boating supplies.... or did, anyway." There are several vehicles parked end-to-end encircling the main doorway; the doors are gone. It looks dangerous. "We'll need food and stuff from there. Normally, that's where you'd also get fuel, at that fuel dock there, BUT with the electricity and the pumps out...."

His hand shifts to a different building, to the left, past the farthest pier- this one is a low, broad, plainly-painted tin shed; obviously some kind of machine shop. A tall derrick sits just beyond it. A narrow service road reaches it from a corner of the lot. It doesn't seem dangerous, but it is far from any safety or help. "The fuel tanks over there should have hand-cranked pumps. Besides, Ron may have to scrounge in there later for tools or parts."

"Of course," Doc says, shifting his hand to the window sill, pointing down, "we'll leave a guard here to watch the hotel while a few folks rest up to guard tonight. They'll also watch the parking lot, the vehicles, and the driveway- just in case." Doc drops his hand. "We're hoping more will make it before we leave."

He turns away from the window to face you and Katherine, ending his speech.
"Frankly, I'm just glad you made it." he concludes.

The three of you return downstairs to the lobby and join the others.
The group spends a few moments sorting out the details of the day before beginning.

You decide to:
> You help secure the machine shop.
You walk towards the mechanic's shed with two others. Bert is an older fellow. An electrician, and a bit of a gear-head, he has become Ron Culling's ad-hoc assistant mechanic. He carries a walkie-talkie clipped to his gunbelt. Stacy Watkins, your other teammate, is also something of a grease-monkey. Both will know there way around the shop. You tag along as an extra hand. The three of you discuss what you'll find inside. You look ahead down the short dirt drive to the end of the shed at the large, roll-up cargo door and relatively smaller people-door beside it, and wonder.

You walk the perimeter of the building. On the far side, the ground is paved, with a long (empty) boat slip cutting into it from the water's edge, looking very much like a swimming pool. The paving is hedged by engines and other discarded machinery. Towering among them are a large crane and a sausage-shaped tank. Beyond it all sit several boats propped on racks; they look uncomfortably out-of-place on land in the air with their hulls exposed.

You hear gunfire in the distance, from the far side of the marina. It persists for a few minutes in bursts, and you begin to consider turning back, when soon enough Bert's radio crackles with the "all clear".

The back wall of the shop is a row of cargo doors- one is partially raised off the concrete to knee-height. Standing several feet from it, you lower yourself to the ground with one hand, pistol in the other, and lay on your belly, aiming. Bert and Stacy follow your lead and step to either side of the door, looking nervously back-and-forth between you and their feet before stepping up and heaving it open. You stand, they step in scanning, then you enter.

There is nothing of concern, you find, and quickly go about the business of checking the fuel tank outside (which is nearly full, thankfully) and finding a hand pump. Through the day, you and the others hunt around the large shop, gathering what's needed and setting it by the yard-doors. Occasionally Ron (working on the boat) radios specific requests. The walls, shelves, and tables of the shop are cluttered with tools and parts; and cables, belts, hoses, rope, and chain; and boxes, crates, drums, buckets, and cans of... well, everything, it seems. It also appears to have been hastily searched. Sorting through everything becomes tedious. At one point you get a deep cut in your hand (through your gloves), greasy from the work, losing your grip on the (sharp) bracket of an electric motor. You bandage the wound before continuing.

Well before dark, you return to the lodge, exhausted. You wash up and lay to sleep.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>At the top of the steps, the first room's door is propped open. Down the hall, a disturbing dark patch stains the floor and walls. Doc continues into the room and walks to a broad window, stepping into the bright morning light and pointing out over the marina.

You join him at the window. The Sun feels good.
The boats rock lazily in the twinkling waves.



"You can see the best transportation." he says, pointing out and squinting. A few giant trawlers dominate the fleet of small craft. The two largest sit at the end of the longest dock. "Once they're secure, Ron will hot-wire one and prep it. He'll need help clearing that pier and watching his back while he works. Should be easy."

Doc moves his hand, drawing your attention to a large wood building near the water, to the right of the docks. "The ship chandler's shop," he continues, "sells boating supplies.... or did, anyway." There are several vehicles parked end-to-end encircling the main doorway; the doors are gone. It looks dangerous. "We'll need food and stuff from there. Normally, that's where you'd also get fuel, at that fuel dock there, BUT with the electricity and the pumps out...."

His hand shifts to a different building, to the left, past the farthest pier- this one is a low, broad, plainly-painted tin shed; obviously some kind of machine shop. A tall derrick sits just beyond it. A narrow service road reaches it from a corner of the lot. It doesn't seem dangerous, but it is far from any safety or help. "The fuel tanks over there should have hand-cranked pumps. Besides, Ron may have to scrounge in there later for tools or parts."

"Of course," Doc says, shifting his hand to the window sill, pointing down, "we'll leave a guard here to watch the hotel while a few folks rest up to guard tonight. They'll also watch the parking lot, the vehicles, and the driveway- just in case." Doc drops his hand. "We're hoping more will make it before we leave."

He turns away from the window to face you and Katherine, ending his speech.
"Frankly, I'm just glad you made it." he concludes.

The three of you return downstairs to the lobby and join the others.
The group spends a few moments sorting out the details of the day before beginning.

You decide to:
> You rest now and guard tonight.
Already fatigued from the previous night's drive, you decide to rest today. The night watch will be broken in to shifts, with you and a young man named Phillip taking the first shift from 5pm to midnight.

You find a comfortable spot and stretch out. You feel very safe in spite of the unfamiliar surrounding. You sleep deeply and dreamlessly through the day.

You wake just before sundown. You find your firearms freshly cleaned, with extra ammo stacked neatly beside them. The arrangement includes two big flashlights- one is a long D-cell type and the other is a brick that looks like it's powered by a car battery, maybe. A backpack, conspiciously left on the floor, contains bottled water and soda, chips, jerky, and chocolates. '[i]Milk would be nice[/i]', you think. The pack has another flashlight secured in a short loop on it's outside. (Where ever -a- light is required, TWO or more are better, just in case, you've all learned through this disaster.) You give each torch a quick switch on and off, then triple-check the weapons. You are prepared for the night.

Phil and you post up at different corners on the short end of the hotel, watching all around, and watching each other. You take turns every half-hour walking around the hotel, then around the lot up to the drive and back; in between you wait in silent vigil. You use a light on your rounds, waving it to draw any possible attention to yourself, armed and ready as you are, but the marina remains clear of threats all evening.

On your last circuit, as you walk the parking lot, you see a flicker of light from the woods. You peer deep into the darkness and see it again; and then again. A vehicle is coming up the drive. You flick your light in it's direction and get their attention as they pull into the lot. It's one of the cars from your splintered group. They speak excitedly in spite of their obvious fatigue. Each holds an expression of uncertain relief spoiled by stubborn fear. Phil takes a minute to calm them, then shows them into the hotel. You keep alert throughout.

At midnight, you and Phil are relieved from your watch and retire to the lodge. For a time you lay nervously, but eventually doze off.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You rev up the motorcycle. Doc throws the garage doors open, and then violently cracks the skull of the single zombie lingering by the exit. Your companions jump in the other vehicles, waiting for your signal. Doc throws one more bag of gear into the truck before hurling himself on top of it.

"I'm riding with you..." Katherine says as she steps to your bike. "...but don't get any big ideas." she jokes as she gracefully straddles the seat facing backwards securely. You rest your weapon on the handlebars. "let's three-sixty." she concludes with a final quip, her sub-machine gun gripped and slung tight about her broad shoulders and ample chest. You feel her draw a serious posture, and you begin your journey.

Bay Point Marina is still a long way off when you encounter your first serious obstacle- a horde of the undead congest your way through a small town. You nod to the drivers behind you waving agreeingly- you'll split up if needed. You slow down to consider your options.... you can:
> You go across the farm and follow the railroad tracks.
You turn off the road, gently weaving between the trees on to a dirt road circling the farm. You have no problems cutting through the overgrown rows of crop when required. The moonlight reveals a fence far ahead, but you see your way- a small berm of dirt pokes from the horizon. You gun the ride hoping to hit it at just the right angle.

"You can't be serious!!" cries Katherine, "Slow down! Look for another. . ."

But your speed is just too great and your determination cuts her off. You are committed to the jump. The vehicle bucks violently as you hit the tiny hill, flying over it. You float weightless in the air. Then you clear the fence and land with a powerful jolt, still rolling on rubber.

You slow down listening for any damage, bouncing your weight up and down; all seems well. You pull on to the train tracks and follow them as far as able before returning to the main road. There is little resistance as you avoid the small town.

You drive a few hours before reaching Bay Point Marina.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's obvious that reliable transportation, both to and from the marina are the most crucial components of the plan. You spend the next few days convincing Katherine and Doc that the mechanic Ron Culling has the right idea, and you quickly build a strong majority. Jack Matson is furious over the final decision, and you see little of him after the vote.

You and Ron spend much of your time together in the garage preparing the vehicles, and you get to know him well. You also get familiar with the vehicles. You take a break from welding and look at them now.

"The cars should be as safe as the van by the time we leave." Ron says, reading your thoughts. The three cars have been reinforced, but not as well as the van. They do handle better, though. The van has been heavily modified- there are iron bars and chicken wire on the windows, a ram plate on the front, a gunner's hatch cut into the roof, puncture-proof tires... the works. It's the safest vehicle available, but it's also the slowest and least mobile.

The other vehicles are a pick-up truck (an F-350), and five motorcycles (all KLR650s). They haven't been modified, but they are the most mobile. The cycles have spare fuelcans, and the truck has four-wheel drive and a dual fuel tank. The cycles are the best for getting around all the stalled traffic, but they offer no protection from the zombies; or the weather. The truck is safer then the cycles, but not as much as the cars.

You return to welding, working for as long as able before needing rest.

You lay down and fall asleep.

From a deep dream, you are jolted awake. Katherine is eagerly shaking you and whispering, "We have to get out of here- NOW." She looks around. Behind her, you see Ron and several others, armed and ready. "Matson has gone crazy! He's already shot Crane and his wife and God knows who else!" You knew he was nutty, but you never suspected this. "We need to leave. They're coming now!" she ends.

Your small band runs for the garage. Kat slows down to watch your back, but you urge her on. You are almost there when one of Matson's guards steps right in your way! You blast him in the chest and hurdle his body, leaving the head intact; Jack can deal with him later. Once inside, you jump in a vehicle and start it up. You take. . .
> The van
You rev the van, ramming the garage door and bursting out in to the night. Katherine pops up out of the hatch, blasting. You plow through any undead in your path, doubtful of the vans stability. Your companions follow behind in the other vehicles, letting you to lead.

You shove your way through stalled traffic and deserted quarantine checkpoints, lumbering persistently into the undead that cross your path. Katherine defends it from the hatch like a Valkyrie with p.m.s. while Ron shoots from the windows. The van is a rolling fort; a tank.

Bay Point Marina is still a long way off when you encounter your first serious obstacle- a horde of the undead congest your way through a small town. You nod to the drivers behind you waving agreeingly- you'll split up if needed. You slow down to consider your options.... you can:
> You go through the mob of zombies on the main road.
You gas it, knowing the best way through this is the fastest and most direct. You dont want to risk getting lost. Confident with Katherine at your side, you ram the thin first line of undead blocking your path, slowing to remain in control. You smash into another batch of rotters, tightly gripping the wheel. Your speed decreases. You hit another bunch before you can regain any speed. Then another. And another.

The zombies are everywhere. Katherine opens fire, blasting them off the windows and hood. You push your way slowly but forcefully through the raging crowd. The vehicle rocks and sways and you feel uncertain, but you keep it going.

It doesn't take long to clear the worst of them, but it seems like a lifetime. Katherine slows her rate of fire to save ammo. You reach a short clearing and pick up some speed, ramming the last batch of zombies on the main road as you leave the small town.

You drive a few hours before reaching Bay Point Marina.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You rev the van, ramming the garage door and bursting out in to the night. Katherine pops up out of the hatch, blasting. You plow through any undead in your path, doubtful of the vans stability. Your companions follow behind in the other vehicles, letting you to lead.

You shove your way through stalled traffic and deserted quarantine checkpoints, lumbering persistently into the undead that cross your path. Katherine defends it from the hatch like a Valkyrie with p.m.s. while Ron shoots from the windows. The van is a rolling fort; a tank.

Bay Point Marina is still a long way off when you encounter your first serious obstacle- a horde of the undead congest your way through a small town. You nod to the drivers behind you waving agreeingly- you'll split up if needed. You slow down to consider your options.... you can:
> You go around the bulk of them on the side streets.
You don't want to drive right through the zombies, but you also don't want to risk getting stuck or lost either. You weave around the larger groups of zombies, only ramming them when necessary. Your path takes you around several corners and you grip the wheel tightly to keep your direction and your speed.

Zombies reach for you, groaning, but a combination of speed and skillful driving, and Katherine's shooting, keep most of them off. Surprisingly, some of them club at you with pipes and bricks and other debris. Some even throw them. Bottles smash against the chicken-wire. Katherine sees one wielding a police baton and drops him out of pity and anger.

You take another corner in the right direction and find the number of zombies this way to be thinning. You ram one to avoid swerving, it's head smacking open against the hood. The rain of rocks and bottles fades as you pull back onto the main road, leaving the small town.

You drive a few hours before reaching Bay Point Marina.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's obvious that reliable transportation, both to and from the marina are the most crucial components of the plan. You spend the next few days convincing Katherine and Doc that the mechanic Ron Culling has the right idea, and you quickly build a strong majority. Jack Matson is furious over the final decision, and you see little of him after the vote.

You and Ron spend much of your time together in the garage preparing the vehicles, and you get to know him well. You also get familiar with the vehicles. You take a break from welding and look at them now.

"The cars should be as safe as the van by the time we leave." Ron says, reading your thoughts. The three cars have been reinforced, but not as well as the van. They do handle better, though. The van has been heavily modified- there are iron bars and chicken wire on the windows, a ram plate on the front, a gunner's hatch cut into the roof, puncture-proof tires... the works. It's the safest vehicle available, but it's also the slowest and least mobile.

The other vehicles are a pick-up truck (an F-350), and five motorcycles (all KLR650s). They haven't been modified, but they are the most mobile. The cycles have spare fuelcans, and the truck has four-wheel drive and a dual fuel tank. The cycles are the best for getting around all the stalled traffic, but they offer no protection from the zombies; or the weather. The truck is safer then the cycles, but not as much as the cars.

You return to welding, working for as long as able before needing rest.

You lay down and fall asleep.

From a deep dream, you are jolted awake. Katherine is eagerly shaking you and whispering, "We have to get out of here- NOW." She looks around. Behind her, you see Ron and several others, armed and ready. "Matson has gone crazy! He's already shot Crane and his wife and God knows who else!" You knew he was nutty, but you never suspected this. "We need to leave. They're coming now!" she ends.

Your small band runs for the garage. Kat slows down to watch your back, but you urge her on. You are almost there when one of Matson's guards steps right in your way! You blast him in the chest and hurdle his body, leaving the head intact; Jack can deal with him later. Once inside, you jump in a vehicle and start it up. You take. . .
> The truck
Katherine throws open the garage. She blasts the few shamblers standing near the door and jumps into the truck, reloading the shotgun. Your companions in the other vehicles are ready as you pull forward in to the night.
 
You pick your way carefully through the stalled traffic. You pass deserted quarantine checkpoints, moving fast enough to shake any zombies when possible, and trusting Kat's deadly accuracy when not. You are confident of the truck's capabilities, and use the four-wheel drive to good effect.

Bay Point Marina is still a long way off when you encounter your first serious obstacle- a horde of the undead congest your way through a small town. You nod to the drivers behind you waving agreeingly- you'll split up if needed. You slow down momentarily to consider your options before gunning it.... you:<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|> 
[two weeks later...]

..... getting to, and in to, the mall wasn't a problem. The tire iron was VERY useful.... Dealing with the mall security guards wasn't hard either- Officer Heigs showed a strong sense of authority... and her side arm. Arguments over who could stay were quickly shouted down with a combination of common sense and base morality. There was a flood of refuges the first day, and the infection did nearly spread in the mall, but it was contained. Survivors stopped coming the second day, and the current head count is now over thirty. Clearing the building was more of a challenge, and many folks fear the inside of the mall is still unsafe.

Now, a frightened collection of strangers defend it against an ever growing crowd of undead. There have been plenty of arguments, but everyone has remained civil, and a basic plan has been forming- and while most of the details are already agreed on, some are not.

Everyone agrees that leaving will be necessary soon. It's only a matter of time before the food runs out... or the zombies get in. The vehicles in the garage can carry everyone, but they must be reinforced first. (and that work has already begun.) The destination is Pandrice Island, a small, sparsely populated island. To reach it, you'll need to get to Bay Point Marina for a boat (or possibly a helicopter). You and Katherine agree that it's a good idea.

The disagreements on the plan are about what to bring, and what supplies should be gathered on the way to the harbor. The different opinions have been championed by the emerging leaders. Support is split equally between them into a few groups; with a few folks, Katherine included, still undecided.

The leaders and their positions are listed below.

Ron Culling is a mechanic. Extra fuel and special tools are his priorities.
"We may have to fuel or fix the transportation at the marina."

Brian Crane is a teacher. Extra food and general equipment are his priorities.
"We will need a good supply of the basic necessities."

Jack Matson is a soldier. Extra ammo and better weapons are his priorities.
"We need to arm ourselves! It's dangerous out there!"

Who will you support?
> The Teacher
You agree with Brian Crane. A good mix of equipment is needed, with basic necessities taking priority. Clean water and food are vital. The two of you discuss the best way to explain it, and after some brain-storming, spend the next day successfully convincing the others. Matson and his buddies aren't happy, but they do agree that you have a point. You are glad they are understanding, because you know how important cooperation is for the plan to work.

The last undecided details about the plan now concern the vehicles, and when to leave. Ron Culling, the mechanic, wants to spend time working on the truck. Brian wants to gather more supplies. And everyone wants to know who's sitting where, and trading seats, and then trading more as they shuffle. You think decisions need to be made soon- folks are talking more about Pandrice Island then they are about the barricades and zombies, and that's not good. There has already been an incident involving a small break-in due to a lax watchman, and that's worse.

Resting now, you consider the vehicles as you try to fall asleep.

 The three cars have been reinforced, but not as well as the van. They do handle better, though. The van has been heavily modified- there are iron bars and chicken wire on the windows, a ram plate on the front, a gunner's hatch cut into the roof, puncture-proof tires... the works. It's the safest vehicle available, but it's also the slowest and least mobile.

The other vehicles are a pick-up truck, and five motorcycles. They haven't been modified, but they are the most mobile. The cycles have spare fuelcans, and the truck has four-wheel drive and a dual fuel tank. The cycles are the best for getting around all the stalled traffic, but they offer no protection from the zombies; or the weather. The truck is safer then the cycles, but not as much as the cars.

Further details of the plan swarm in your mind as you doze off. Your dreams are filled with shimmering blue-green and foamy white; at first. Then they turn to a dripping, running red.

You wake to the sound of gunfire.

Between the bursts, you hear yelling and cursing; and screaming. Weapon in hand and moving fast, you find the worse case scenario unfolding around you- an unmanageable mob of zombies runs a muck! Katherine and the remaining survivors desperately fend them off.

Escape is the only option. "This way!" you call, opening fire to cover the squad's withdraw. Jack Matson follows up the rear and prepares to support you to move when he is blind-sided by a shorter, surprisingly fast zed. It takes a savage bite from his ear before you can blast it.

"ArrahhhH!!!" he cries as his fury surges. His M-16 chops across the room, snapping from target to target, each time belching an unerring flurry of lead. "GO!" he yells as he lowers the rifle to reload, not even turning.

Your diminished band runs for the garage. Katherine slows down to drop some pursuers, but you urge her on. You are almost there when a zombie steps right in your way! You blast it without stopping and hurdle the body. Once inside, you jump in a vehicle and start it up. You take. . .
> A car
You climb into a fortified car and start it, checking the fuel gauge. Kat removes the last brace from the garage doors and jumps in the passenger seat. Your remaining companions wait for your signal in the other vehicles. You open the doors and pull forward, ramming the lone zombie lingering outside as you drive in to the night.

The car handles better then you expected, and you make your way quickly around the stalled traffic and abandoned quarantine checkpoints. Katherine casually blasts any zombies who try to cling on the barred windows when you must drive slowly. The car proves itself to be suprisingly nimble even when you are forced off the pavement.

Bay Point Marina is still a long way off when you encounter your first serious obstacle- a large horde of the undead congest your way through a small town. You nod to the drivers behind you and they waving agreeingly- you'll split up if needed. You slow down to consider your options.... you can:<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|> 
[two weeks later...]

..... getting to, and in to, the mall wasn't a problem. The tire iron was VERY useful.... Dealing with the mall security guards wasn't hard either- Officer Heigs showed a strong sense of authority... and her side arm. Arguments over who could stay were quickly shouted down with a combination of common sense and base morality. There was a flood of refuges the first day, and the infection did nearly spread in the mall, but it was contained. Survivors stopped coming the second day, and the current head count is now over thirty. Clearing the building was more of a challenge, and many folks fear the inside of the mall is still unsafe.

Now, a frightened collection of strangers defend it against an ever growing crowd of undead. There have been plenty of arguments, but everyone has remained civil, and a basic plan has been forming- and while most of the details are already agreed on, some are not.

Everyone agrees that leaving will be necessary soon. It's only a matter of time before the food runs out... or the zombies get in. The vehicles in the garage can carry everyone, but they must be reinforced first. (and that work has already begun.) The destination is Pandrice Island, a small, sparsely populated island. To reach it, you'll need to get to Bay Point Marina for a boat (or possibly a helicopter). You and Katherine agree that it's a good idea.

The disagreements on the plan are about what to bring, and what supplies should be gathered on the way to the harbor. The different opinions have been championed by the emerging leaders. Support is split equally between them into a few groups; with a few folks, Katherine included, still undecided.

The leaders and their positions are listed below.

Ron Culling is a mechanic. Extra fuel and special tools are his priorities.
"We may have to fuel or fix the transportation at the marina."

Brian Crane is a teacher. Extra food and general equipment are his priorities.
"We will need a good supply of the basic necessities."

Jack Matson is a soldier. Extra ammo and better weapons are his priorities.
"We need to arm ourselves! It's dangerous out there!"

Who will you support?
> The Soldier
Weapons and ammunition are the key to survival, in your opinion. You think Jack Matson has some good ideas; they are better then the others, at least. You think your plan is better, of course, and some agree with you, but as much as you argue your case, most of the survivors side with Matson. You think the work, and decision making, would be going faster with a better leader- namely, you. And Jack knows this.

Determined to shake his support, you decide to bring up the plan details concerning the vehicles at the next meal. You have a clipboard from the garage next to your plate.

"I see you're driving the van, Matson." you begin dryly. The van is heavily modified- there are iron bars and chicken wire on the windows, a ram plate on the front, a gunner's hatch cut into the roof, puncture-proof tires... the works. It's the safest vehicle available, but it's also the slowest and least mobile.

"The cars should be as safe as the van by the time we leave. Everyone will be safe." he says, defensively. The three cars have been reinforced also, but not as well. They do handle better then the van, though.

The other vehicles are a pick-up truck, and five motorcycles. They haven't been modified, but they are the most mobile. The cycles have spare fuelcans, and the truck has four-wheel drive and a dual fuel tank. The cycles are the best for getting around all the stalled traffic, but they offer no protection from zombies; or the elements. The truck is safer then the cycles, at least for the driver, but not as much as the cars.

You continue to point out that Jack and his closest supporters have most of the best seats. The debate goes on for longer than you think should be necessary. You think most of the other survivors are just scared of Jack, so you give up, leaving to get some rest.

You quickly fall asleep.

From a deep dream, you jump awake, weapon in hand. Katherine is gently shaking you awake and whispering, "We have to get out of here- NOW." She looks around. Behind her you see some of your new friends, armed and ready. "Matson has gone crazy. Ron says he's planning to kill you!" You figured as much. And to be honest, you had considered the same. "We need to leave. They're coming now!" she says.

Your small group runs for the garage. Kat slows down to watch your back, but you urge her on. You are almost there when one of Matson's guards steps right in your way! You blast him in the chest and hurdle his body, leaving the head intact; Jack can deal with him later. Once inside, you jump in a vehicle and start it up. You take. . .<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are far from home on a trip when the morning news reports mass hysteria and multiple murders. At first you think it's a hoax. Unbelievingly, you listen as the broadcasts confirm that the recently dead are rising and cannibalizing the living!

You control your shock and try to think. Your hotel will not be safe. You are unfamiliar with the area, but you do have some ideas. You consider your options...

Fort Gyver - this old military base isn't too far. You think you'll be safe if you can get inside and grab some weapons. You expect to see many people, and zombies, on your way there.

Marven Mall - this shopping mall isn't too far. It will offer a good mix of equipment and provide reasonable shelter, but you can expect to encounter many looters and zeds on the way.

Stackling Towers - this large, residential tower is very close. It's also practically abandoned now. It should provide good shelter. Food wont be a problem, but other gear may be hard to find.

the Country - You want to escape the area immediately and head for someplace less populated. You'll worry about shelter and equipment as you go. Reaching a rural area may be difficult, but once you're there it should be very safe.

You head to:
> You fort Gyver
You head into the streets towards the military base. Sirens fill the morning air from all around. The Sun hovers over an elevated freeway, it's light glinting off the chrome and glass of the congested traffic. The streets are full of nuts driving like maniacs. Panicked refuges desperately pack their cars and fill the roadways.

You look to grab a weapon at the first opportunity, and it doesn't take long. A large army truck has crashed into a telephone pole and abandoned. A few guns have been left behind. You tuck two pistols into your waistband, pick up an assault rifle (or an smg, if you prefer), and a few bandoliers of extra magazines.

You adjust you new load and begin to move on when you hear a shot ring out from close by. Instinctively, you crouch at the corner of the truck. Looking around, you see a cop (about a block away) walk into the center of the road, their handgun trained on something laying in the street.

With a rush a figure, arms stretched out, appears behind the officer. Without hesitation you shoulder the butt of your gun and take a shot. Your target's head disappears into a red cloud as you hold the three-round burst on mark. The cop spins, looks, and begins to walk toward you. She's large for a women. Her name tag reads- "Heigs". She's pointing her gun at you. You still have your weapon at the ready. She stops in front of you and says, "Say something."

"Something." you reply.

She lowers the pistol and looks around. A bright red pony tail pokes out from beneath her dark blue hat. "Do you know what's happening?!?" she asks, grabbing your shoulder with her free hand and looking into your eyes.

"Well....", you begin, not quite sure what to say.

"Zombies!" she declares, explaining everything with one word. "Just like the fuckin movies! I didn't believe it till a few minutes ago...." She trails off, lost in a thought.

"We have to get to Fort Gyver," you say, "for too many reasons to explain right now. Let's go."

You blast your way to the base, killing everything in your path. 
> You continue. . .
[two weeks later...]

Inside the fort, you and Officer Heigs, along with other survivors, now help a small contingent of soldiers fend off the unrelenting hordes of undead. Supplies are scarce. There have been plenty of arguments, even a shooting, but everyone has remained relatively civil since. A basic plan has been forming- and while most of the details are already agreed on, some are not.

Everyone agrees that leaving will be necessary soon. The food is running out... and the zombies may get in at any time. There are vehicles available to can carry everyone, but they must be reinforced first. The destination is Pandrice Island, a small, sparsely populated island. To reach it, you'll need to get to Bay Point Marina for a boat (or possibly a helicopter). You and Katherine agree that it's a good idea.

The disagreements on the plan are about what to bring, and what supplies should be gathered on the way to the harbor. The different opinions have been championed by some emerging leaders. Support is split equally between them into three groups, with a few folks, Katherine included, still undecided.

The leaders and their positions are listed below.

"Doc" Halloway is a medic. Extra medicine and medical equipment are his priorities.
"We need to keep everyone alive and in good health."

Ron Culling is a mechanic. Extra fuel and special tools are his priorities.
"We may have to fuel or fix the transportation at the marina."

Jack Matson is a soldier. Extra ammo and better weapons are his priorities.
"We need to arm ourselves! It's dangerous out there!"

Who will you support?
> The Medic
You think Doc Holloway, the medic, has the best plan. Over the next few days you convince Katherine and some of the others that more medical supplies will be needed most. You also spend a lot of time talking to Doc- mostly about the vehicles and supplies; but also about Pandrice Island. Now, the two of you chat over a late meal.....

"We'll move the rest of the supplies to the garage next week, the night before we leave. The last patrol found a lot of useful stuff at that location you suggested. Some of it's still in the van."  The van had been heavily modified- the windows reinforced with iron bars and chicken wire, a ram plate on the front, a gunner's hatch cut into the roof, puncture-proof tires... the works. It's the safest vehicle available, but it's also the slowest and least mobile.

"The cars should be as safe as the van by the time we leave." he adds, reading your thoughts. The three cars have also been reinforced, but not as well. They do handle better then the van, though.

The other vehicles are a pick-up truck, and five motorcycles. They haven't been modified, but they are the most mobile. The cycles have spare fuelcans, and the truck has four-wheel drive and a dual fuel tank. The cycles are the best for getting around all the stalled traffic, but they offer no protection from the zombies; or even the weather. The truck is safer then the cycles, but not as safe as the cars.

"Everyone is still arguing over the seating arrangements," he concludes, "...but we'll leave that for tomorrow. For now, let's get some rest." You agree and say goodnight.

You lay down to sleep. The details of the plan, and the promise of real safety on the island, swarm in your mind as you doze off.

You wake to the sound of gunfire. Between the bursts, you hear yelling and cursing; and screaming. Weapon in hand and moving fast, you find the worse case scenario unfolding around you- an unmanageable mob of zombies runs a muck! Katherine and a few remaining survivors desperately fend them off. You join the fray, blasting one zombie after the other, but there is no end to them.

Doc appears near your side, "We have to get out of here!" he yells, motioning in the direction of the garage.

Your small group runs for the garage. Kat slows down to kill some pursuers, but you urge her on. You are almost there when a zombie steps right in your way! You dispatch it without stopping and hurdle the lifeless corpse. Once inside, you jump in a vehicle and start it up. You take. . .<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are far from home on a trip when the morning news reports mass hysteria and multiple murders. At first you think it's a hoax. Unbelievingly, you listen as the broadcasts confirm that the recently dead are rising and cannibalizing the living!

You control your shock and try to think. Your hotel will not be safe. You are unfamiliar with the area, but you do have some ideas. You consider your options...

Fort Gyver - this old military base isn't too far. You think you'll be safe if you can get inside and grab some weapons. You expect to see many people, and zombies, on your way there.

Marven Mall - this shopping mall isn't too far. It will offer a good mix of equipment and provide reasonable shelter, but you can expect to encounter many looters and zeds on the way.

Stackling Towers - this large, residential tower is very close. It's also practically abandoned now. It should provide good shelter. Food wont be a problem, but other gear may be hard to find.

the Country - You want to escape the area immediately and head for someplace less populated. You'll worry about shelter and equipment as you go. Reaching a rural area may be difficult, but once you're there it should be very safe.

You head to:
> You stackling Towers
You can see the high rise building a few blocks away. Several cars are parked in front of it. Just as you step onto the side walk, someone demand, "Freeze. Say something!"

"Something." you reply, slowly raising your hands. "What's this about?" you ask, turning slowly to see a female police officer with a pistol leveled at you head. She's big. Her name tag says "Heigs".

She lowers the pistol and takes a quick look around and a bright red pony tail pokes out from beneath her blue hat. She grabs your shoulder with her free hand and looking into your eyes. "Well...." she begins awkwardly. Then her eyes go wide and her grip tightens. "Zombies!!!" she declares, explaining everything with a word. "Just like the movies! I couldn't believe it till a minute ago...." she trails off lost in a thought. Behind her, you see a police car- the passenger window is tinted opaque, with a tiny hole spreading a spider crack through the broken safety glass.

"We need to take shelter immediately." she says, eyeing the tower. Then you look at one another, nodding, and begin up the street.

As you get closer you can see several people frantically loading the parked cars while a few others look about wearily. One man on the sidewalk seems to be pleading with another intent on tying too much to his car roof. Their words grow louder.

"Jack, come on, look at the highway" says the man on the side walk, pointing at an elevated freeway clogged with stalled traffic. "Is this madness effecting you too now?!? You're taking a huge risk. We need you here, everyone else's already gone!"

The man loading the station wagon stops only long enough to say, "We're leaving, Brian."

They both turn as you approach. The man on the side walk (who's name is Brian, apparently) looks at the policewomen with you and points around the corner saying, "Now look here, officer, that was clear case of self defense. There are plenty of witnesses to that. I don't know if you realize what's happening here, but..."

Officer Heigs raises her hands and cuts him off, saying, "Look, I'm only concerned with finding some place safe, and that's this building right here. Assuming there aren't a bunch of maniacs inside."

"We'd like all the help we can get!" Brian declares happily. "It's empty inside. Everyone's gone. Sam is already barricading the doors down in the garage."

You see a few strangers cautiously come down the street. A women by the doors walks out equally cautiously, to greet them.

Over the next few days, you and the other survivors shore up the lower floors, and begin the methodical process of clearing and looting the many floors of Stackling Towers.
> You stackling Towers
Now, you and your fellow survivors defend the tower against an ever growing crowd of undead. There have been plenty of arguments, but everyone has remained civil, and a basic plan has been forming- and while most of the details are already agreed on, some are not.

Everyone agrees that leaving will be necessary soon. It's only a matter of time before the food runs out... or the zombies get in. The vehicles in the garage can carry everyone, but they must be reinforced first. (and that work has already begun.) The destination is Pandrice Island, a small, sparsely populated island. To reach it, you'll need to get to Bay Point Marina for a boat (or possibly a helicopter). You and Katherine agree that it's a good idea.

The disagreements on the plan are about what kind of supplies should be gathered on the way to the harbor. The different opinions have been championed by the emerging leaders. Support is split equally between them into three groups, with a few folks, Katherine included, still undecided.

The leaders and their positions are listed below.

"Doc" Halloway is a paramedic. Extra medicine and medical equipment are his priorities.
"We need to keep everyone alive and in good health."

Ron Culling is a auto mechanic. Extra fuel and special tools are his priorities.
"We may have to fix or fuel the transportation at the marina."

Brian Crane is a college professor. Extra food and general equipment are his priorities.
"We will need a good supply of the basic necessities."

Who will you support?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are far from home on a trip when the morning news reports mass hysteria and multiple murders. At first you think it's a hoax. Unbelievingly, you listen as the broadcasts confirm that the recently dead are rising and cannibalizing the living!

You control your shock and try to think. Your hotel will not be safe. You are unfamiliar with the area, but you do have some ideas. You consider your options...

Fort Gyver - this old military base isn't too far. You think you'll be safe if you can get inside and grab some weapons. You expect to see many people, and zombies, on your way there.

Marven Mall - this shopping mall isn't too far. It will offer a good mix of equipment and provide reasonable shelter, but you can expect to encounter many looters and zeds on the way.

Stackling Towers - this large, residential tower is very close. It's also practically abandoned now. It should provide good shelter. Food wont be a problem, but other gear may be hard to find.

the Country - You want to escape the area immediately and head for someplace less populated. You'll worry about shelter and equipment as you go. Reaching a rural area may be difficult, but once you're there it should be very safe.

You head to:
> The Country
You start walking towards a secondary highway. The main freeway is sure to be full of traffic. The morning air is still heavy with dew and carries the faint sound of sirens from all directions. You thought finding a vehicle would be easier, but you quickly realize your mistake. Determined, you press on.

As you approach the highway you find a car wrecked into the front window of a sporting goods store. You duck inside the store and grab a bat. One of the sirens you hear is getting closer. Further along you see another car, this one parked crazily across the curb with the driver's door open. You see it is empty and eagerly jump in, but it won't start. You repeatedly turn the key, pleading with the car and the fates, with the bat across your lap, when you are suddenly jerked from the car!

A man, hangs over you, his teeth snatching at your face as you desperately hold him off. A large section of his scalp laps around like a loose toupee as you fight. His strength is overwhelming and you are sure his next push will will reward him will a mouthful of your nose, but instead of another lunge he goes slack. You push him off you and get up, looking around.

You see a female police officer standing next to a car with a pistol aimed at your face. She's big. Her name tag reads- "Heigs".

"Say something." she says.

"Something." you reply.

She lowers the pistol and looks around. A bright red pony tail pokes out from beneath her dark blue hat. "Do you know what's happening?!?", she asks, grabbing your shoulder with her free hand and looking into your eyes.

"Well....", you begin, not quite sure what to say.

"Zombies!" she exclaims. "Just like the movies! I didn't believe it till a few minutes ago...." She trails off, lost in a thought. Then she comes back, "We have to get out of town!" 
> You continue. . .
The two of you got as far as possible, but without supplies or a plan your way was difficult and dangerous. Eventually you came across a group of other survivors, and you took refuge with them at a large farm, with their leader, Ben.

Now, you and your fellow survivors struggle against the ever persistent trickle of undead that wander toward the farmhouse.

There have been plenty of arguments, but everyone has remained civil, and a basic plan has been forming about what to do. While most of the details are already agreed on, some are not.

Everyone agrees that leaving will be necessary soon. The destination is Pandrice Island, a small, sparsely populated island. To reach it, you'll need to get to Bay Point Marina for a boat (or possibly a helicopter). You and Katherine agree that it's a good plan.

The disagreements on the plan are about kind of what supplies should be gathered for the trip to the harbor and to the island. The different opinions have been championed by various members. Support is split equally between them into three groups. A few folks, Katherine included, are still undecided.

The proponents and their positions are listed below.

"Doc" Halloway is a medic. Extra medicine and medical equipment are his priorities.
"We need to keep everyone alive and in good health."

Brian Crane is a teacher. Extra food and general equipment are his priorities.
"We will need a good supply of the basic necessities."

Jack Matson is a soldier. Extra ammo and better weapons are his priorities.
"We need to arm ourselves! It's dangerous out there!"

Who will you support?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The letter was hand delivered but you didn't see by whom and it was certainly after the last post would have been delivered.  Checking your pocket watch you notice it's much later than you realised and it is fast approaching midnight; this was something which happened all to often when your head is buried in your studies.  You turn the letter over and you see that it was sealed with a purple wax seal you don't recognise.  The insignia is a large letter G with what looks like a tentacle wrapping itself about the letter.  Your name is written in neat letter across the front, with such precision that you could almost believe it was done with a printing press but the strokes of the fountain pen are detectable enough that this was certainly written by hand.


You don't often receive unexpected correspondence and when you do, it's usually a bill you managed to forget would be due; your head is usually so caught up in your studies that it's easy to forget these day-to-day trivialities.


There's something about this letter which sets you on edge and you can't quite put your finger on why you feel so uneasy about opening it.  You hold it up to one of the candles you have burning by your desk.  You can't tell much more than you could before but it seems like there is a letter inside and perhaps that's the edge of a watermark you can see on the envelope.  You don't think you've ever been sent correspondence in a watermarked envelope before and that uneasy feeling isn't getting any better.


What do you do with the letter?
> You open it straight away.
You take the letter to your desk, your fingers tingling slightly where they touch the paper.  Perhaps you're just being paranoid, it is getting late and it's probably just your imagination anyway.  You break the seal of the letter and what feels like a train hits you in the face and you go flying across the room before everything goes black.


......


You can hear a woman's voice saying your name and you gradually realise that it's your mentor.  She's shaking you by the shoulders and sounds different, she sounds scared.  You force one eye open, if only to stop the shaking and she collapses with what looks like relief.  You open both eyes and take in your surroundings.


You're at the far side of the work room as your mentor calls it (the laboratory as you prefer) and you can see your desk over on the other side.  All around you are broken bottles, spilled liquids, squashed boxes and even a shelf lying on the floor, its contents smashed and ruined.  As you become fully conscious again your back tells you that you must have hit that hard and your nose feels like it's twice the size it should be.  You raise a hand to your face to feel the damage and your arm protests with a sharp pain; you look down to see a shard of glass from what was probably a bottle sticking out through the arm of your robes.


"What..." you mumble groggily, "what happened?"


"I was hoping you'd be able to tell me." said your mentor, not unkindly but there was a note to her voice which you knew meant that she wasn't happy, and no wonder with the destruction in the laboratory.


"The letter." you manage to say, remembering now what had happened.  "Where's the letter?"


"Letter?" asked your mentor.  She looked around and saw the innocuous looking envelope on the stone floor near the desk.  "I see it." she said, "Is it important?"


"Did this." you manage to say, though every word causes agony in your face.


"Really? A letter managed to do this?" asked your mentor, suddenly sounding less annoyed and more intrigued.  "That is most unusual, I wonder what was used." she muttered as she made her way across the room to pick up the letter from the floor.


"No!" you cry, "Don't touch it!".  But your mentor already had it in her hands and was turning the envelope over with a look of fascination on her face.


"How interesting." she said, now completely absorbed in examining the envelope and seeming to have forgotten about your fragile state entirely.  "What did you do to trigger the attack?"


"I just opened it." you reply, "I haven't even seen what's inside yet."  You grab a piece of cloth from under the fallen shelf next to you and tie it around your arm as tightly as you can, above where the glass shard is sticking out from your robes.  "Any chance of a hand here?" you ask as you contemplate pulling the glass out of your arm and you're not sure you can bring yourself to do it on your own.


"Hmm?" she responded glancing up at you.  "Oh yes, of course, I do apologise, this is just so, interesting."  She still had hold of the letter as she moved across the room to you.


"Can you just grab this and pull?" you ask, grimacing already at the thought.


"Is that safe?" your mentor asks.


"We'll find out." you whimper as you screw up your face and brace yourself for the pain.


 

Your mentor puts a piece of cloth over the glass, plants her foot on the floor, grips the shard of glass and in one swift motion, pulls the glass clean out of your arm.


The pain is sharp and it feels like your whole arm is on fire, but you pull back your robe sleeve and wrap another cloth around the wound and the bleeding soon stops.


Once you've managed to extricate yourself from the furniture and your mentor has got you safely seated into your bed, you ask her for the letter.


She seems reluctant to hand it over to you, professional curiosity you suppose, but she knows she must and she hand the envelope to you, the weight of the wax seal causing the envelope to flap open.


As you open the envelope, you can see that the letter inside is acid green and you take the single piece of paper out of the envelope and open it up and read what it says.




 

 

 

 

 

 

Your heart feels as though it has stopped and your breathing is halted.  Your sister, your baby sister.


Your mentor asks "What does it say?" when she sees the look on your face and when you don't respond she takes the letter from your fingers as when she reads what it says for herself.  You hear her gasp when she sees it.


Your brain starts to come to life again and you look at your mentor and as "What time is it now?".  It's only then that you realise that she isn't in her usual daytime attire, in which she would have her pocket watch always attached to her waistcoat.  She was in fact, in a nightgown and you blush and look away politely as the inappropriateness of seeing your mentor so attired strikes you.


"I believe it's around midnight." she replies, "though I confess I don't know exactly."


You go to your desk and find the small clock you keep in the corner of it, behind a small stack of books and papers.  It was twenty minutes after midnight, and whomever had delivered this letter knew you had enough time to be able to get Langdown Hall but presumably delivered it so late so as to try to ensure you were alone, or dead if the magical booby trap was anything to go by.


Do you go to Langdown Hall?
> You go to Langdown Hall but insist you go alone.
You pull up in the taxicab outside the gate to Langdown Hall.  You pay the driver and he leaves with the horses at a trot.  The gates look imposing as you stand there alone in the dark and start to question whether it was wise to follow the instructions of the letter and come alone as you have.


You push the gate to the grounds and it makes an eerie creak as it swings open.  You look around nervously, wondering if you're being watched, wondering if an ambush is laying in wait for you.


You step past the gate and onto the path which leads up to the grand, old stateky home.  The house had been without an occupant for a number of years after the family who owned it died out and the distant relative they left it to wasn't able to pay for its upkeep.  The stone of the building was black with ornate windows and rounded towers at the corners.  Everyone knew the building but there were varying reports of the size of it inside.  Whichever rumour you chose to believe though, the house was indisputably vast and imposing.


You reach the heavy, oaken front door and peer around you.  The sky is clear and the full moon is bright, lighting the grounds surrounding the house well, but also casting deep shadows.  You take a deep breath, grasp the large iron door knocker and slam it into the door three times.  The sound feels deafening in the silence of the night, but no other sound follows as you listen for a sign that someone heard your knocks.


You stand there, waiting for something to happen but nothing does.  Finally, you decided you're going to have to try the door.  You turn the handle and push the door and it opens with an ominous creak.


"Hello?" you call as you enter the foyer.  Your hand is still on the door handle; having something solid in your hands and being connected to the exit makes going into the house a little less terrifying, though not by much.


The light from outside casts itself into the entrance hall enough for you to see a sweeping staircase leading to an upper floor.  Peering around, you also see there is a door to the side and underneath the stairs it looks as though there is a corridor leading further back into the house.


Suddenly, the door is wrenched from your hand and closes with a slam, knocking you off balance and you fall into a small table by the wall, knocking it over and whatever was on it clattering to the floor.


You pat your hands around in the dark, trying to find the wall to help you to your feet, and as you do, your hand falls on something which must have been on the table.  You pick it up and wait for your eyes to adjust to the darkness.  It looks like a notebook.  Perhaps you'll be able to read it when you have light to see by again, for now, you place it in a pocket of your robes.


You get to your feet and call out into the house again "Hello? I'm here. Amelia? Hello?".  Your voice echoes a little in the grand house but there's no sign that anyone heard you.


Which way do you go?
> You go up the stairs.
You head back into the entrance hall with your candle held out in front of you.  You can see the table that you knocked over by the doorway lying on its side and as you look around the room you now notice that there is not only the door you had seen on the right hand side of the entrance hall as you came in but also another on the opposite side too.


Which way do you do?
> You go through the door on right.
You keep your hand on the wall as your make your way around the edge of the entrance hall until you reach the door at the side.  You try calling out "Hello?" one more time before you turn the handle and open the door.


The room has a large window at one end and the moonlight is illuminating enough of the room for you to make out that the walls are lined with shelves of books.  You step into the room and you're relieved this door hasn't closed behind you at least.


You walk up to the shelves nearest the window and you read some of the spines of the books.  They seem to be about various schools of thought regarding the magical arts and you even recognise some of them from your mentor's collection.  You pull one of the books out and it's covered with a layer of dust as thick as the leather cover.  You put it back on the shelf and cough in the cloud of dust you stirred up.


One of the books then catches your eye as it has some symbols on the spine which look very familiar.  You pull the letter out of your pocket and hold it up to the book.


 the book reads.


 

 the letter reads.


 

All three of the symbols on the book are clearly on the letter as well.  What can this book be you wonder to yourself.  You pick up the book and immediately notice that it is only covered in a very thin layer of dust, this book hasn't been here for very long.


You turn the book to face you and see that the cover is simply a huge eye with no further writing on it.  You turn to look around you and just as your eyes are leaving the book, you're sure that you see the eye blink!


You stare back at the book and the eye looks just as it had, an obvious painting of an eye and in no way a real one, but you're certain you saw it blink.


What do you do with the book?
> You open the book and read it.
This book might hold answers about who has taken your sister and why.  You open the book and sit down on the floor, spreading the book open on the carpet in front of you in a patch of moonlight.


As you turn the pages you see that the writing is a mixture of what looks to be latin and many more of the same strange symbols.  At the centre of the book is a larger page which unfolds to show a drawing where the symbols feel like they're moving around the page and with an eye at the centre of it all.


It feels like the eye is boring into your very soul and you can't take your eyes away from it.  As you watch, the eye turns red and grows bigger.  You can hear it's voice now, speaking a language you don't understand and yet you somehow know what it is saying.  You belong to it now, you belong to this place and you were always destined to be.


 

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You keep your hand on the wall as your make your way around the edge of the entrance hall until you reach the door at the side.  You try calling out "Hello?" one more time before you turn the handle and open the door.


The room has a large window at one end and the moonlight is illuminating enough of the room for you to make out that the walls are lined with shelves of books.  You step into the room and you're relieved this door hasn't closed behind you at least.


You walk up to the shelves nearest the window and you read some of the spines of the books.  They seem to be about various schools of thought regarding the magical arts and you even recognise some of them from your mentor's collection.  You pull one of the books out and it's covered with a layer of dust as thick as the leather cover.  You put it back on the shelf and cough in the cloud of dust you stirred up.


One of the books then catches your eye as it has some symbols on the spine which look very familiar.  You pull the letter out of your pocket and hold it up to the book.


 the book reads.


 

 the letter reads.


 

All three of the symbols on the book are clearly on the letter as well.  What can this book be you wonder to yourself.  You pick up the book and immediately notice that it is only covered in a very thin layer of dust, this book hasn't been here for very long.


You turn the book to face you and see that the cover is simply a huge eye with no further writing on it.  You turn to look around you and just as your eyes are leaving the book, you're sure that you see the eye blink!


You stare back at the book and the eye looks just as it had, an obvious painting of an eye and in no way a real one, but you're certain you saw it blink.


What do you do with the book?
> You put the book back on the shelf.
There's something about this book which gives you the chills.  You might find information inside it but something tells you that the cost of that information would be too great and it's an instinct you think it is wise to follow.


You go to put it back on the shelf and as you do, you hesitate, it feels as though the book wants you to read it. "No." you tell the book firmly, and yourself as you return the book resolutely to the space on the shelf where you found it.  You take a few steps back from the shelf and turn away from it before you're tempted to go back and read it.


You walk across the room to a small table flanked by two chairs which has a chess board inlaid into the tabletop.  On the table is a small box, tied up with a ribbon and there is a tag attached to the ribbon.  You pick up the box and when you hold the tag to the light, you see that it has your name written on it.  You put the box quickly back onto the table and take a step back.


You crouch down so that your eyes are level with the table and you examine the box from what you hope is a safe distance.  It's a small box, about the size of your closed fist.  Whoever sent you that letter, knew that you'd be coming here and they obviously meant you ill judging by the trap which was contained in the letter.  This box might hold something equally, or more, terrible.  On the other hand, they wanted you to come here and they took your sister, or more importantly told you about the fact they took your sister, for a reason.


What do you do with the box?
> You open the box.
Something nags at you that you need to see what is in this box.  It's been left there for you, it was intended for you to open it.  What if the box contains instructions for how to find your sister?  You have to know.


You step forwards and pick up the box again, ignoring the voice in your head telling you that this is a bad idea, this feels different to the book, this was meant for you to open.  You pull on the ribbon and it unties and falls to the floor.  You yank the lid of the box off as quickly as you are able, before you can change your mind.


You stare inside the box, this isn't what you expected, although you realise that a part of your feared it, you just didn't want to admit it.


Inside is a small finger, the size of a child's.  It was cut a little short of the knuckle, straight through the bone with a clean cut.  Next to the finger, coated in blood, is the ring you gave your little sister for her birthday last year, a silver snake eating its own tail in a neverending loop known as the ouroboros.


You let out a quiet whimper as you place the box carefully back on the table, pick up the lid which had fallen to the floor from your hand at some point and gently place it back onto the box.


This won't help you to find her, you have to focus on finding her and not let this distract you.  You use a meditative breathing technique you use for the spells you cast which need the most focus and push the box and it's dreadful contents from your mind and walk deeper into the library.
> You continue
As you walk further back into the darkness of the library, pushing thoughts of the box to the back of your mind, you notice that you can see the outline of door at the end of the room; there must be light in the next room which is seeping around the door to the library.  You take a big breath and walk towards the light.


When you reach the outline of the what must be a door, it looks like just a continuation of the wood panelling on this side of the room, you never would have thought there was a door here if there hadn't have been light coming through from the other side.  You feel around the panel but there's no handle.  You start to feel along every crevasse of the panel, pushing and pulling, and suddenly, when you push into a section on the right-hand side, the door pushes in and pops out again and opens towards you.


The door leads to a small room which is brightly lit by several large lanterns.  You have to look away whilst you allow time for your eyes to adjust to the brightness of it.  When you're finally able to see properly, you take a proper look into the room.  The walls are painted white and there is a small black altar in the centre against the back wall of the tiny room.  There are many, many more of the kinds of symbols from the letter painted onto the altar with red paint, you hope it's red paint at least.


The only other thing in the room is on the wall above the altar and it was the first thing you saw when you opened the door.  There, hung in a frame, surrounded by more symbols, is a photograph of your sister from a couple of years ago when your parents hired a photographer for your grandmother's funeral.  She looks innocent and vulnerable and you shudder at thoughts of what they are doing to her right now and what greater purpose they have for taking her.


You stand there staring at your sister's photograph.  You don't remember when you last saw the photograph in your parents' house and you wonder if they took it from there when they took Amelia or earlier than that.  You finally snap out of it and slam the door closed, clicking it back into place.  You leave the library, more determined than ever to find your sister and put a stop to whatever the people who have taken her are up to.


Where do you want to go now?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You pull up in the taxicab outside the gate to Langdown Hall.  You pay the driver and he leaves with the horses at a trot.  The gates look imposing as you stand there alone in the dark and start to question whether it was wise to follow the instructions of the letter and come alone as you have.


You push the gate to the grounds and it makes an eerie creak as it swings open.  You look around nervously, wondering if you're being watched, wondering if an ambush is laying in wait for you.


You step past the gate and onto the path which leads up to the grand, old stateky home.  The house had been without an occupant for a number of years after the family who owned it died out and the distant relative they left it to wasn't able to pay for its upkeep.  The stone of the building was black with ornate windows and rounded towers at the corners.  Everyone knew the building but there were varying reports of the size of it inside.  Whichever rumour you chose to believe though, the house was indisputably vast and imposing.


You reach the heavy, oaken front door and peer around you.  The sky is clear and the full moon is bright, lighting the grounds surrounding the house well, but also casting deep shadows.  You take a deep breath, grasp the large iron door knocker and slam it into the door three times.  The sound feels deafening in the silence of the night, but no other sound follows as you listen for a sign that someone heard your knocks.


You stand there, waiting for something to happen but nothing does.  Finally, you decided you're going to have to try the door.  You turn the handle and push the door and it opens with an ominous creak.


"Hello?" you call as you enter the foyer.  Your hand is still on the door handle; having something solid in your hands and being connected to the exit makes going into the house a little less terrifying, though not by much.


The light from outside casts itself into the entrance hall enough for you to see a sweeping staircase leading to an upper floor.  Peering around, you also see there is a door to the side and underneath the stairs it looks as though there is a corridor leading further back into the house.


Suddenly, the door is wrenched from your hand and closes with a slam, knocking you off balance and you fall into a small table by the wall, knocking it over and whatever was on it clattering to the floor.


You pat your hands around in the dark, trying to find the wall to help you to your feet, and as you do, your hand falls on something which must have been on the table.  You pick it up and wait for your eyes to adjust to the darkness.  It looks like a notebook.  Perhaps you'll be able to read it when you have light to see by again, for now, you place it in a pocket of your robes.


You get to your feet and call out into the house again "Hello? I'm here. Amelia? Hello?".  Your voice echoes a little in the grand house but there's no sign that anyone heard you.


Which way do you go?
> You go through to the door to side.
You and your mentor step out of the taxicab about a quarter of a mile away from Langdown Hall at a quarter to three o'clock in the morning.  The note said to come alone but your mentor insisted on coming and at the end of the day, she's your boss.


She pays the taxicab driver and tips in him extra saying "You never saw us." before he shakes the reins and the horses set off at a trot.


"This isn't going to work," you say worriedly,, "they're going to know you're here."


"Nonsense." she replies confidently.  "Now just wait there a moment whilst I concentrate on this."


You watch, holding your injured arm protectively as she picks up a stick from the ground and uses it to draw a circle in the dirt around her.  She then takes a bag of powder from her pocket, sprinkles some on her head before closing her eyes and murmuring some words you can't make out.  Then in the blink of an eye, she isn't there anymore.


"Master?" you ask hesitantly to the spot where she had been stood a moment before.


"Shhhhhh!" comes the whispered reply.  "Don't go talking to me like that or you'll give the game away!"


"Right." you whisper back, finding the whole thing quite unnerving.  "Shall we go then?" you whisper, pointing to the hall.


"Stop acting like you're talking to someone." snapped your mentor in a harsh whisper and the familiar sense of being told off by her kicked your brain into instant obeyance.  You turn and start striding down the path towards Langdown Hall.


......


When you reach the gates to the grounds of the hall, you look nervously around you, wary of an ambush.  You can't even hear the footsteps of your mentor; you know she's masking the sound of her walking in the same way she is masking the sight of her but you can't help but wonder if she is still with you or not.


You push open the gate and it swings open with no resistance and with an eerie sounding creak.  You cautiously step through into the grounds of Langdown Hall and hope your mentor is following you.


 

Langdown Hall is an old stately home which had been without an occupant for a number of years after the family who owned it died out and the distant relative they left it to wasn't able to pay for its upkeep.  The stone of the building was black with ornate windows and rounded towers at the corners.  Everyone knew the building but there were varying reports of the size of it inside.  Whichever rumour you chose to believe though, the house was indisputably vast and imposing.


The night is clear and the full moon is casting deep shadows in the gardens of the grounds; you wonder if there is anything lurking in those shadows and your eyes dart about all around you as you walk along the path leading up to the huge oak door.


You reach the door with nothing having jumped out on you, though you're still not sure if your mentor is with you or not.  You take a deep breath, grasp the iron doorknocker and crash it into the door twice.  The noise sounds deafening in the silence of the night but no further sound comes from inside the house.


You wait for a minute or two with nothing happening before you hear a whisper in your ear which makes you physically jump and you hope no-one was watching.


"Try the handle" says the whisper and you feel the slight brush of your mentor against your back as she got as close to your ear as possible.


You focus on not reacting to her, visibly or audibly, and you push down the large door handle and open the door.


The house is pitch black inside and you realise that none of you thought to bring any candles.  You tentatively step inside the house and call out "Hello?" into the black void of the entrance hall.


Your dark vision adjusts to the blackness of the room as you step further inside and you can see the outline of the stairs.  Squinting around you can see an door to the side of the entrance hall and what looks like a corridor at the back underneath the sweeping staircase.


Which way do you go?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You pull up in the taxicab outside the gate to Langdown Hall.  You pay the driver and he leaves with the horses at a trot.  The gates look imposing as you stand there alone in the dark and start to question whether it was wise to follow the instructions of the letter and come alone as you have.


You push the gate to the grounds and it makes an eerie creak as it swings open.  You look around nervously, wondering if you're being watched, wondering if an ambush is laying in wait for you.


You step past the gate and onto the path which leads up to the grand, old stateky home.  The house had been without an occupant for a number of years after the family who owned it died out and the distant relative they left it to wasn't able to pay for its upkeep.  The stone of the building was black with ornate windows and rounded towers at the corners.  Everyone knew the building but there were varying reports of the size of it inside.  Whichever rumour you chose to believe though, the house was indisputably vast and imposing.


You reach the heavy, oaken front door and peer around you.  The sky is clear and the full moon is bright, lighting the grounds surrounding the house well, but also casting deep shadows.  You take a deep breath, grasp the large iron door knocker and slam it into the door three times.  The sound feels deafening in the silence of the night, but no other sound follows as you listen for a sign that someone heard your knocks.


You stand there, waiting for something to happen but nothing does.  Finally, you decided you're going to have to try the door.  You turn the handle and push the door and it opens with an ominous creak.


"Hello?" you call as you enter the foyer.  Your hand is still on the door handle; having something solid in your hands and being connected to the exit makes going into the house a little less terrifying, though not by much.


The light from outside casts itself into the entrance hall enough for you to see a sweeping staircase leading to an upper floor.  Peering around, you also see there is a door to the side and underneath the stairs it looks as though there is a corridor leading further back into the house.


Suddenly, the door is wrenched from your hand and closes with a slam, knocking you off balance and you fall into a small table by the wall, knocking it over and whatever was on it clattering to the floor.


You pat your hands around in the dark, trying to find the wall to help you to your feet, and as you do, your hand falls on something which must have been on the table.  You pick it up and wait for your eyes to adjust to the darkness.  It looks like a notebook.  Perhaps you'll be able to read it when you have light to see by again, for now, you place it in a pocket of your robes.


You get to your feet and call out into the house again "Hello? I'm here. Amelia? Hello?".  Your voice echoes a little in the grand house but there's no sign that anyone heard you.


Which way do you go?
> You go down the corridor at the back.
"She can't have been taken." you say to your mentor, not sure if you're trying to convince her or yourself.  "My parents would have sent a telegram, the police would be searching for her."


"Perhaps the best thing to do is to go and find out for ourselves." replies your mentor kindly.  This sounds like the best thing to do; if you go to your parents house and see your sister for yourself, that you can write this letter off as a particularly vicious prank and either put it behind you or attempt to find out who had sent you the horrible cursed letter which had been the cause of your injury.


You take the letter from your mentor and put it into the robes of your pocket and start heading for the door.


"Well if you wait just a couple of minutes, I can come with you." your mentor said.  You stop and turn to look at her surprised.  "You've already injured one arm, I'd rather we keep the rest of you in tact."


Once your mentor is properly dressed, you head outside to hail a taxicab.  It's pretty late to be able to easily find one but your mentor seems to have some kind of sixth sense about them and after heading over a few streets, you find a taxicab at the side of the road with the driver brushing the manes of his horses.


The taxicab driver says he was just finishing his shift but your mentor offers him double for the journey and before you know it, you're on your way.  You pull up at your parents' townhouse after about twenty minutes and true to her word, you mentor hands over more money than you even have to the driver and he heads off home a happy man.


You walk up the steps to the front door together, and you take note that all the lights appear to be off and you start to relax; if your sister was gone, the whole house would be in a furore.  You ring the doorbell and wait for it to be answered.  You look at your mentor and she is frowning as she looking around the street whilst you wait.  You take a look around as well but nothing seems to be out of the ordinary and in this part of town, the street lighting is maintained well so you have a good view of the street.


"Something doesn't feel right." she says and you get a gnawing feeling in the pit of your stomach.


The door opens and your parents' butler answers the door in his dressing gown and slippers; he looks sleepily at you but when he sees you mentor he straightens up and looks embarrassed at his attire.


"Begging your pardon but the whole house is asleep." Jones says, more to your mentor than to you.


"I just need to check on my sister." you say as you push past Jones with a stunned look on his face and your mentor following closely behind you.


You take the stairs two at a time, not stopping to see if your mentor is keeping pace with you.  You fling open her bedroom door without even knocking and rush over to her bed.


"Amelia!" you say as you approach the bed in the darkness.  Your mentor enters the room behind you carrying a candle she must have taken from Jones and you then see the bed.  There's no sister-sized lump and the covers are in disarray.


"No." you say, as you pull the covers off the bed completely. "No no no." you say and you fall to the floor and check underneath the bed. "No no no no no." you say as you look desperately around the room.  That's when you see the symbols on the walls which look like they've been written in blood.


Jones walks into the room then and lets out an almost inhuman cry.  He rushes over to the bed whilst your mentor is calmly examining the walls.  You frantically check every corner of the room, hoping to find Amelia hiding in some tiny corner but she's not there and you have to admit it to yourself.


You go to stand with your mentor and ask her "Is it? Is it... blood?".  You almost don't want her to tell you but you need to know.  She nods sadly and looks at you with a pained look.


"I believe it is. I'm so sorry." she says.


Jones rushes out of the room to wake your parents and before long, the whole house has been awoken and the uproar you expected when you arrived came to pass.


In the meantime, your mentor has copied down the symbols from the walls onto some paper. "This was important enough for them to leave on the walls so we ought to look into it more." she said and you realised they looked a lot like the straight script which was on the letter you received.


Your parents are in a state of panic about your sister but they don't know about the letter you've received yet.  It said to come alone and you're not sure if you show them, if you'll be able to stop them from coming as well.


Do you show your parents the letter?
> You deal with this without getting them involved.
You decide you need to keep your parents out of this, for their own good.  You also realise that whoever you are dealing with is serious.  Although they say to come alone, you think that you and your mentor are going to be able to deal with it.  If your parents know about the letter then they'll insist on coming along and they'll end up hurt and even worse, stop you from getting your sister back alive.


You approach your mother, who is in a blind panic, and calmly tell her "We need to go and deal with something.".


Your mother barely seems to notice you, let alone put up a fight.  It would be very different if you had shown her and your father the letter, you're sure of that.


You lead your mentor out of the bedlam that your parents' house has turned into.  A servant rushes past you as you walk out of the door holding a note which you assume is to a message to the police; you want to be gone before the police arrive as you don't want to lie to an officer of the law but if they find out about the letter, Amelia will be as good as dead.


Your mentor leads the way down to the road and you follow after her blindly, you can barely feel you legs carrying you as your mind is full of images of your sister being held against her will, crying, feeling scared, but you manage to stop the chain of images before you reach the things her captors might be doing to her.


Your mentor flags down a taxicab easily, they are much more common this late at night in an upmarket area like this one.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"She can't have been taken." you say to your mentor, not sure if you're trying to convince her or yourself.  "My parents would have sent a telegram, the police would be searching for her."


"Perhaps the best thing to do is to go and find out for ourselves." replies your mentor kindly.  This sounds like the best thing to do; if you go to your parents house and see your sister for yourself, that you can write this letter off as a particularly vicious prank and either put it behind you or attempt to find out who had sent you the horrible cursed letter which had been the cause of your injury.


You take the letter from your mentor and put it into the robes of your pocket and start heading for the door.


"Well if you wait just a couple of minutes, I can come with you." your mentor said.  You stop and turn to look at her surprised.  "You've already injured one arm, I'd rather we keep the rest of you in tact."


Once your mentor is properly dressed, you head outside to hail a taxicab.  It's pretty late to be able to easily find one but your mentor seems to have some kind of sixth sense about them and after heading over a few streets, you find a taxicab at the side of the road with the driver brushing the manes of his horses.


The taxicab driver says he was just finishing his shift but your mentor offers him double for the journey and before you know it, you're on your way.  You pull up at your parents' townhouse after about twenty minutes and true to her word, you mentor hands over more money than you even have to the driver and he heads off home a happy man.


You walk up the steps to the front door together, and you take note that all the lights appear to be off and you start to relax; if your sister was gone, the whole house would be in a furore.  You ring the doorbell and wait for it to be answered.  You look at your mentor and she is frowning as she looking around the street whilst you wait.  You take a look around as well but nothing seems to be out of the ordinary and in this part of town, the street lighting is maintained well so you have a good view of the street.


"Something doesn't feel right." she says and you get a gnawing feeling in the pit of your stomach.


The door opens and your parents' butler answers the door in his dressing gown and slippers; he looks sleepily at you but when he sees you mentor he straightens up and looks embarrassed at his attire.


"Begging your pardon but the whole house is asleep." Jones says, more to your mentor than to you.


"I just need to check on my sister." you say as you push past Jones with a stunned look on his face and your mentor following closely behind you.


You take the stairs two at a time, not stopping to see if your mentor is keeping pace with you.  You fling open her bedroom door without even knocking and rush over to her bed.


"Amelia!" you say as you approach the bed in the darkness.  Your mentor enters the room behind you carrying a candle she must have taken from Jones and you then see the bed.  There's no sister-sized lump and the covers are in disarray.


"No." you say, as you pull the covers off the bed completely. "No no no." you say and you fall to the floor and check underneath the bed. "No no no no no." you say as you look desperately around the room.  That's when you see the symbols on the walls which look like they've been written in blood.


Jones walks into the room then and lets out an almost inhuman cry.  He rushes over to the bed whilst your mentor is calmly examining the walls.  You frantically check every corner of the room, hoping to find Amelia hiding in some tiny corner but she's not there and you have to admit it to yourself.


You go to stand with your mentor and ask her "Is it? Is it... blood?".  You almost don't want her to tell you but you need to know.  She nods sadly and looks at you with a pained look.


"I believe it is. I'm so sorry." she says.


Jones rushes out of the room to wake your parents and before long, the whole house has been awoken and the uproar you expected when you arrived came to pass.


In the meantime, your mentor has copied down the symbols from the walls onto some paper. "This was important enough for them to leave on the walls so we ought to look into it more." she said and you realised they looked a lot like the straight script which was on the letter you received.


Your parents are in a state of panic about your sister but they don't know about the letter you've received yet.  It said to come alone and you're not sure if you show them, if you'll be able to stop them from coming as well.


Do you show your parents the letter?
> You show the letter to your parents.
"We need to show them." says your mentor to you gently.  "They deserve to know what has happened, what we can do to help her."


"But they can't be involved," you protest, "they'll get hurt."


"Yes, I agree." replies your mentor, and she walks over to your mother and says a few quiet words in her ear before leaving the room, presumably to find your father also.


Your mentor gathers the four of you in the parlour and makes sure they are sitting down before looking to you to break the news to them.


"I received this earlier tonight." you explain.  "It was hand delivered, I don't know who by, and it was booby trapped too.  The people who sent this are serious people, and dangerous, very dangerous."


You hand the letter over to them, and they hold it between them.


"These are like the symbols on the walls" says your mother.


"Yes," you reply, "I think they might have put them onto the walls just so that I knew the letter was genuine."


"God save us." your father says.  "We have to go there."


"No, it's too dangerous, I won't let you." you say, raising your voice unintentionally.  "You have to stay here."


"Not while I'm alive!" says your mother with more passion than you've heard in her for years and your father starts to rise from the seat next to your mother, springing into action.


"And that wouldn't be for long if you were to accompany us." says your mentor with such authority to her voice that your father falls back onto the seat and both of your parents just stare at her.  "I'm afraid that your coming with us would inevitably lead to the demise of yourselves, myself, my apprentice and your missing daughter.  We can't possibly allow it."


You father started to say something in argument to your mentor but your mentor simply spoke over him. "It is imperative that you remain here, if your daughter manages to escape her captors then she will need you to be here at her home should she manage to get that far.  I believe you have alerted the authorities to the situation and they will find it highly suspicious if you were to be missing from the house when they arrived also."  Your father tried to speak again, but was cut off by your mentor once more.  "And before you suggest we take the police to the location specified in the letter, they absolutely cannot be involved in this matter; they do not understand the complexities of a situation like this and their foolhardiness would get us all killed."


Your parents sat in stunned silence, staring at your mentor; you were used to being spoken to in the same manner by her in your many lessons, but it will have been a long time since anyone spoke to your parents in the same way.


You clear your throat and say "We should leave, before the authorities arrive, if you have already sent them a message?".  You look at your father and he nods in answer.  "Then we shall go now." 


You hold out your hand to your mother and she hands the letter back to you before standing up and embracing you fiercely.


"Bring her back." she simply says to you, and you and your mentor leave the house and flag down a taxicab.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You take the letter to your desk, your fingers tingling slightly where they touch the paper.  Perhaps you're just being paranoid, it is getting late and it's probably just your imagination anyway.  You break the seal of the letter and what feels like a train hits you in the face and you go flying across the room before everything goes black.


......


You can hear a woman's voice saying your name and you gradually realise that it's your mentor.  She's shaking you by the shoulders and sounds different, she sounds scared.  You force one eye open, if only to stop the shaking and she collapses with what looks like relief.  You open both eyes and take in your surroundings.


You're at the far side of the work room as your mentor calls it (the laboratory as you prefer) and you can see your desk over on the other side.  All around you are broken bottles, spilled liquids, squashed boxes and even a shelf lying on the floor, its contents smashed and ruined.  As you become fully conscious again your back tells you that you must have hit that hard and your nose feels like it's twice the size it should be.  You raise a hand to your face to feel the damage and your arm protests with a sharp pain; you look down to see a shard of glass from what was probably a bottle sticking out through the arm of your robes.


"What..." you mumble groggily, "what happened?"


"I was hoping you'd be able to tell me." said your mentor, not unkindly but there was a note to her voice which you knew meant that she wasn't happy, and no wonder with the destruction in the laboratory.


"The letter." you manage to say, remembering now what had happened.  "Where's the letter?"


"Letter?" asked your mentor.  She looked around and saw the innocuous looking envelope on the stone floor near the desk.  "I see it." she said, "Is it important?"


"Did this." you manage to say, though every word causes agony in your face.


"Really? A letter managed to do this?" asked your mentor, suddenly sounding less annoyed and more intrigued.  "That is most unusual, I wonder what was used." she muttered as she made her way across the room to pick up the letter from the floor.


"No!" you cry, "Don't touch it!".  But your mentor already had it in her hands and was turning the envelope over with a look of fascination on her face.


"How interesting." she said, now completely absorbed in examining the envelope and seeming to have forgotten about your fragile state entirely.  "What did you do to trigger the attack?"


"I just opened it." you reply, "I haven't even seen what's inside yet."  You grab a piece of cloth from under the fallen shelf next to you and tie it around your arm as tightly as you can, above where the glass shard is sticking out from your robes.  "Any chance of a hand here?" you ask as you contemplate pulling the glass out of your arm and you're not sure you can bring yourself to do it on your own.


"Hmm?" she responded glancing up at you.  "Oh yes, of course, I do apologise, this is just so, interesting."  She still had hold of the letter as she moved across the room to you.


"Can you just grab this and pull?" you ask, grimacing already at the thought.


"Is that safe?" your mentor asks.


"We'll find out." you whimper as you screw up your face and brace yourself for the pain.


 

Your mentor puts a piece of cloth over the glass, plants her foot on the floor, grips the shard of glass and in one swift motion, pulls the glass clean out of your arm.


The pain is sharp and it feels like your whole arm is on fire, but you pull back your robe sleeve and wrap another cloth around the wound and the bleeding soon stops.


Once you've managed to extricate yourself from the furniture and your mentor has got you safely seated into your bed, you ask her for the letter.


She seems reluctant to hand it over to you, professional curiosity you suppose, but she knows she must and she hand the envelope to you, the weight of the wax seal causing the envelope to flap open.


As you open the envelope, you can see that the letter inside is acid green and you take the single piece of paper out of the envelope and open it up and read what it says.




 

 

 

 

 

 

Your heart feels as though it has stopped and your breathing is halted.  Your sister, your baby sister.


Your mentor asks "What does it say?" when she sees the look on your face and when you don't respond she takes the letter from your fingers as when she reads what it says for herself.  You hear her gasp when she sees it.


Your brain starts to come to life again and you look at your mentor and as "What time is it now?".  It's only then that you realise that she isn't in her usual daytime attire, in which she would have her pocket watch always attached to her waistcoat.  She was in fact, in a nightgown and you blush and look away politely as the inappropriateness of seeing your mentor so attired strikes you.


"I believe it's around midnight." she replies, "though I confess I don't know exactly."


You go to your desk and find the small clock you keep in the corner of it, behind a small stack of books and papers.  It was twenty minutes after midnight, and whomever had delivered this letter knew you had enough time to be able to get Langdown Hall but presumably delivered it so late so as to try to ensure you were alone, or dead if the magical booby trap was anything to go by.


Do you go to Langdown Hall?
> You go to Langdown Hall with your mentor.
You decide you need to find out anything you can about this mysterious correspondence before you do anything as rash as opening it.  Your knowledge of the magical is only just in its fledgling stages and you can't be too careful where dark magic is concerned.  If there's one thing you've developed from your studies since you became a magical apprentice, then it's a healthy sense of paranoia.


You place the envelope down on the desk; just as your fingers leave the paper, you could swear you felt a slight vibration from the envelope.  Nothing significant, just enough to tingle the ends of your fingers.  You frown at the envelope as it sits innocently on your book laden desk but it doesn't look to be vibrating or doing anything unusual at all so you start to look for a book you think might be useful.


Your fingers drum along the spines of the books on the shelves as you scan the titles.  Aha, that's the one you were looking for and you lift the thick, leather bound tome titled 'Traps and Trips to Rattle Wits'.  You were never sure if the author of the book intended the title to rhyme and this had always annoyed you a little, but this only resulted in making the book more memorable to you.


You push the papers covering half of your desk to one side, some of them falling on the floor to join the other orphaned notes which had fallen there from previous similar desk clearing flourishes.  You place the book on the now cleared aware of your desk and turn the first few pages until you find the chapter listing.  You run your finger down the page until you find the one you were looking for, 'Concealed Traps in Everyday Objects'.  You note the page number and turn the pages until you find the right chapter.


You're sure you've seen something about how to detect spells like one which could be contained in this envelope somewhere in this chapter and you flick through the pages, feeling more and more anxious as you do.  You find a section in the chapter specifically focussed on hiding nasty surprises in parcels and letters' you turn the page and there it is, half a page devoted to how to detect and dispell traps like that.


It's a simple enough spell which can be enhanced with a very basic potion so you set about gathering the ingredients you need from around the room.  Your mentor calls it the work room but you've always preferred the term laboratory.  There are bottles and boxes covering shelves, filling cabinets and lining the edges of the room on the stone floor in every nook and cranny.  You think it was probably an organised space at one time or another but as more things had been acquired, and the available space had lessened the organisation had gone right out of the window.


The ingredients you needed are all common ones though, so you know exactly where to go to find each one.  You look around to make sure your mentor hasn't come into the room and you open up the cupboard that your bed sits upon and take out a mechanical contraption which you know she would strongly disapprove of.  You carefully insert the ingredients into the pot at the base of the machine then you light the fuse around the side and you stand back.  It makes a bang when it starts up but steam starts to pour out and the pistons pump up and down and you can see the pestle going in and out of the pot at the bottom which is turning around at the same time.  The whole thing makes quite a racket but it's late enough that your mentor is probably asleep and she can sleep through an airship landing so this is unlikely to wake her.


After a few minutes, you pull a lever which disconnects the pistons and the steam dissipates.  You remove the pot and your ingredients are a fine powder, absolutely perfect for your needs.  You take the powder and stir it into the tea you had been drinking before your evening was disrupted by the letter and drink it all in one go.


You grab a few candles from a drawer, not strictly necessary for the spell but you always feel like candles make it easier; it's probably all in your head but that's a good enough reason to use them for you.  You draw a circle in chalk on the stone flag which is clear of detritus by your desk and carefully place the candles around the circle and light them using a candle from your desk.  You pick up the envelope from where you left it on your desk and as soon as you touch it, you get the same uneasy feeling back that you hadn't noticed had worn off.  You shudder slightly and place the letter within the circle on the cold, stone floor.


You kneel down next to the circle, place your finger on the chalk circle, close your eyes and quietly repeat the words of the spell a few times.  Whilst you're saying the words, you focus your mind on what you want to know.  You think about the envelope, about the strange feeling which seems to surround it and you think about how you want to see through the outer envelope, how you want to see what is contained within.  After a few minutes, you open your eyes and look at the letter within the circle.


It looks to be glowing, no, wait, the envelope isn't glowing but it's covered in strange symbols which are glowing.  It doesn't look like any language you've seen before.  Quickly you grab some paper and a pencil from your desk and try to draw as many of the symbols as you can before they fade away and the envelope looks just as it did before.




 

 

 

You frown at the letter and at the symbols you've written down and instead of finding out if opening the letter will trigger a magical trap of some sort, you're left with even more questions instead.  If you didn't feel comfortable about the letter before, you're convinced there's something very strange about it now.


What do you do with the letter now?
> You open it.
You're reasonably sure the letter isn't going to explode in your face if you try and open it but there's certainly something more to it than meets the eye.  You place it back into the chalk circle on the floor and kneel down next to it once again.


You touch your fingers to the chalk circle and close your eyes once more and this time you fill your thoughts with barriers, walls, steel boxes, prisons, cages, as much as you can think of which meant containment to you.  Your thoughts went bigger, stronger, to mountains, to burying deep within the earth, to complete darkness with no escape.


You open your eyes this time and the letter in front of you seems to be absorbing all the light around it, like a small pit of darkness, sucking in all the light and sound from nearby.  You reach out, pick up the envelope and break the seal.


A rush of energy feels like a slap in the face, but then it's gone and you're just left, kneeling on the floor, holding an ordinary looking envelope.  It no longer tingles or vibrates against your fingers, you realise that the uneasy feeling has gone too and you breathe a sigh of relief.


Carefully, you open the envelope, to reveal acid green paper inside.  You take the paper out and open up the letter.




 

 

 

 

 

 

It feels as though your world is crashing down around you.  Your sister, your baby sister.


You stare at the paper for a while before you then dash over to your desk to the small clock you keep there.  You shove the books, papers and other general detritus of your studies around until you find the clock hidden behind a small stack of books and papers in the corner.  It's almost one o'clock in the morning, there is still time to get to Langdown Hall.


Do you go to Langdown Hall?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide you need to find out anything you can about this mysterious correspondence before you do anything as rash as opening it.  Your knowledge of the magical is only just in its fledgling stages and you can't be too careful where dark magic is concerned.  If there's one thing you've developed from your studies since you became a magical apprentice, then it's a healthy sense of paranoia.


You place the envelope down on the desk; just as your fingers leave the paper, you could swear you felt a slight vibration from the envelope.  Nothing significant, just enough to tingle the ends of your fingers.  You frown at the envelope as it sits innocently on your book laden desk but it doesn't look to be vibrating or doing anything unusual at all so you start to look for a book you think might be useful.


Your fingers drum along the spines of the books on the shelves as you scan the titles.  Aha, that's the one you were looking for and you lift the thick, leather bound tome titled 'Traps and Trips to Rattle Wits'.  You were never sure if the author of the book intended the title to rhyme and this had always annoyed you a little, but this only resulted in making the book more memorable to you.


You push the papers covering half of your desk to one side, some of them falling on the floor to join the other orphaned notes which had fallen there from previous similar desk clearing flourishes.  You place the book on the now cleared aware of your desk and turn the first few pages until you find the chapter listing.  You run your finger down the page until you find the one you were looking for, 'Concealed Traps in Everyday Objects'.  You note the page number and turn the pages until you find the right chapter.


You're sure you've seen something about how to detect spells like one which could be contained in this envelope somewhere in this chapter and you flick through the pages, feeling more and more anxious as you do.  You find a section in the chapter specifically focussed on hiding nasty surprises in parcels and letters' you turn the page and there it is, half a page devoted to how to detect and dispell traps like that.


It's a simple enough spell which can be enhanced with a very basic potion so you set about gathering the ingredients you need from around the room.  Your mentor calls it the work room but you've always preferred the term laboratory.  There are bottles and boxes covering shelves, filling cabinets and lining the edges of the room on the stone floor in every nook and cranny.  You think it was probably an organised space at one time or another but as more things had been acquired, and the available space had lessened the organisation had gone right out of the window.


The ingredients you needed are all common ones though, so you know exactly where to go to find each one.  You look around to make sure your mentor hasn't come into the room and you open up the cupboard that your bed sits upon and take out a mechanical contraption which you know she would strongly disapprove of.  You carefully insert the ingredients into the pot at the base of the machine then you light the fuse around the side and you stand back.  It makes a bang when it starts up but steam starts to pour out and the pistons pump up and down and you can see the pestle going in and out of the pot at the bottom which is turning around at the same time.  The whole thing makes quite a racket but it's late enough that your mentor is probably asleep and she can sleep through an airship landing so this is unlikely to wake her.


After a few minutes, you pull a lever which disconnects the pistons and the steam dissipates.  You remove the pot and your ingredients are a fine powder, absolutely perfect for your needs.  You take the powder and stir it into the tea you had been drinking before your evening was disrupted by the letter and drink it all in one go.


You grab a few candles from a drawer, not strictly necessary for the spell but you always feel like candles make it easier; it's probably all in your head but that's a good enough reason to use them for you.  You draw a circle in chalk on the stone flag which is clear of detritus by your desk and carefully place the candles around the circle and light them using a candle from your desk.  You pick up the envelope from where you left it on your desk and as soon as you touch it, you get the same uneasy feeling back that you hadn't noticed had worn off.  You shudder slightly and place the letter within the circle on the cold, stone floor.


You kneel down next to the circle, place your finger on the chalk circle, close your eyes and quietly repeat the words of the spell a few times.  Whilst you're saying the words, you focus your mind on what you want to know.  You think about the envelope, about the strange feeling which seems to surround it and you think about how you want to see through the outer envelope, how you want to see what is contained within.  After a few minutes, you open your eyes and look at the letter within the circle.


It looks to be glowing, no, wait, the envelope isn't glowing but it's covered in strange symbols which are glowing.  It doesn't look like any language you've seen before.  Quickly you grab some paper and a pencil from your desk and try to draw as many of the symbols as you can before they fade away and the envelope looks just as it did before.




 

 

 

You frown at the letter and at the symbols you've written down and instead of finding out if opening the letter will trigger a magical trap of some sort, you're left with even more questions instead.  If you didn't feel comfortable about the letter before, you're convinced there's something very strange about it now.


What do you do with the letter now?
> You burn the letter without opening it.
The uneasy feeling about the letter gets too much for you and you hold the letter closer and closer to the candle, you're not sure why but you're overcome with a need to burn the letter, to destroy it.  Your mind is certain now, the letter must be completely eradicated, it must be burnt, but your arms are stopping you from reaching the flames.


You concentrate harder, you focus all your will on pushing the envelope towards the candle but your arms feel like they've become steel, they are utterly rigid.


You start to panic now, the letter can't be here, it can't stay here; you don't know what will happen if the letter is allowed to exist for a single minute longer but the dread in the pit of your stomach tells you that it will be something truly terrible.


You whip your body around to the left with your arms still rigid in front of you.  A flame dances across the bottom of your palm and you stop with the letter right over the flame of another candle.  Your arms try to jerk away but you hold them steady; holding them still feels a lot easier than pushing them forwards had been.


The paper begins to blacken where the flame meets the letter and it spreads out across the envelope quickly.  The burning reaches your fingers but you just can't let go.  You're sure your fingers must be burning now, but you can't feel it, you're just mesmerised by the letter which is emerging from inside the envelope as it burns away.  The paper is acid green and somehow untouched by the fire.


As the black and crisp envelope flakes away, the letter inside finally succumbs to the fire and begins to burn.  Suddenly, a mark forms on the paper in brilliant light so bright you have to turn your face away from it.  The light dims and as you look back, you see that the mark on the paper which has lit up and the same insignia as was imprinted in the wax seal.  The G fades away leaving only the tentacles illuminated until the fire engulfs them too.


When the last fraction of paper burns between your now angry red fingers, your grip is released and a flood of pain from the fingers which had been gripping the paper in both hands crashes into you like a wave.


You collapse to your knees on the cold stone floor, your hands still held out in front of you but searing with agony now and you're not sure what came over you, why you felt the need to burn the mysterious letter and you start to feel pangs of regret.


The next morning, with your hands bandaged up as best you had been able to manage with your fingers crippled, your mentor wakes you from your bed.  You open your eyes to see her pushing back the curtain which separates your bed from the rest of the room where you work.


"You need to wake up." she says, with an urgency in her voice you haven't often heard.  "It's your sister."


Any tiredness you felt from just being woken is gone in an instant as adrenaline surges through you.  "Leanne?" you ask, your voice higher than normal.  "What about her? Is she alright?"


"She's gone." replies your mentor.  "I was near to your parents' house this morning as I came back from the market and heard the ruckus."  She hesitates before she speaks again, letting the words sink in to my brain as I try to think exactly when had I last seen my little sister.  "I think she was taken yesterday." she says grimly.


Your mind races and as the pain aches from your fingers you find your thoughts going back to the letter you burnt last night.  The strange letter which arrived on the day your sister was taken.  Why had your burnt it, what had come over you?


You can hear your teacher speaking to you still, but it is all a muffled echo in your ears as you lay back down in your bed, staring at the spot on the floor where you can see the ashes of the letter you hadn't swept up last night.  The same feeling which had made it so impossible to move your arms the previous night seems to be affecting your whole body and the image of a G wrapped in tentacles seems to fill your thoughts and your vision and you don't even want to move anymore, you don't see why you should even try.


 

THE END<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Welcome to Die Zombie! Die! Pt II. You don't have to input the code from the end of the first game, it just said that to make you play it. This story is a lot better than the first installment, as I have used player feedback to improve it, hopefully making it more enjoyable than the first installment.

Enjoy, and tell me what I could do to make it better... nicely please.
> You begin
Lt Martin Ojel's Memorial Penetentary for the Criminally Insane. This is where you live at the moment. As far as you're concerned, you're not insane.

Cell No. 26. That's the name of your high security prison cell. But don't worry, jail life isn't that bad after the first 6 months.

You've been on your best behaviour.

You haven't tried to escape. This is probably because you are in the middle of the desert and there is nowhere to go. Even if there was somewhere you could go to, there are guards everywhere, and eight sniper towers around the compound. But today's your lucky day. The warden's decided that because of your good behaviour, you are allowed to have a TV in your cell. Isn't that great? You've probably got some TV storylines you'd like to catch up on.
> You turn on the TV.
Hmmm... not much good shows on at the moment. Maybe there's something on the news.
> You watch the news.
There is something on the news alright. There are people running. And there are people chasing them. But you can tell that these aren't just people. Not even people with leprosy going around and asking for money.

They are zombies.
> You zzzzz.....
You don't exactly sleep well that night. All you can think about is the huge army of zombies spreading around the country. Soon they would take over.

The next day,you don't really want to get out of bed. It's not a very comfortable bed. But then again neither is going outside. All the people in this nuthouse are either ranting drug addicts or psychopathic murderers. You could maybe watch the TV though.
> You gather your strength and go outside.
Outside you see all the inmates on two seperate sides a fence running down the middle of the yard. On one side all the inmates in straight jackets walk around clumsily, occasionally shouting insane stuff like 'down with rice crispies! They're EVIILLL!!!' and 'the apocalypse is coming, the time of purification is at hand.'                                                        You've gotta agree with that guy on the apocalypse part, but whether or not it will bring purification is another issue altogether.

Suddenly some freak guy comes up to you and asks you if you're 'that guy that saw the zombies come out of the ground.'
> You say yes.
The guy smiles. "Really? Great! I'm in here for paranormal illusions too. I was flying my jet bomber over a base in the Middle East and got abducted by an alien space craft. Then I went back there and bombed it, in case they did it again. Then I got sent here for attacking an 'unarmed' American research centre. But guess what? I've got a way to get out of here.
> You keep listening...
Taylor tells you that the warden is executing an evacuation tomorrow, as there are reports of infected zombie freaks coming towards our area.  All staff, personel and prisoners are being evacuated in buses. All we have to do is try and get off somehow. Without getting killed, of course.

After a few minutes the warden appears at the top of a close building. She announces that the evacuation will take place at 11 am tomorrow.

It's 9 am now. you have 26 hours to prepare.
> You preparations
Tell Taylor what you think they should prepare first.
> You food
Taylor tells you that he just got off kitchen duty and he's got plenty of food.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Outside you see all the inmates on two seperate sides a fence running down the middle of the yard. On one side all the inmates in straight jackets walk around clumsily, occasionally shouting insane stuff like 'down with rice crispies! They're EVIILLL!!!' and 'the apocalypse is coming, the time of purification is at hand.'                                                        You've gotta agree with that guy on the apocalypse part, but whether or not it will bring purification is another issue altogether.

Suddenly some freak guy comes up to you and asks you if you're 'that guy that saw the zombies come out of the ground.'
> You tell the little punk that he should mind his own business.
You tell the little punk that he should mind his own business.

Suddenly his eyes go all weird and he bares his teeth.                                                                                                           The scrawny little dude picks you up by the throat. "What did you say to me?!"

Yeah, punk what'd you say?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Outside you see all the inmates on two seperate sides a fence running down the middle of the yard. On one side all the inmates in straight jackets walk around clumsily, occasionally shouting insane stuff like 'down with rice crispies! They're EVIILLL!!!' and 'the apocalypse is coming, the time of purification is at hand.'                                                        You've gotta agree with that guy on the apocalypse part, but whether or not it will bring purification is another issue altogether.

Suddenly some freak guy comes up to you and asks you if you're 'that guy that saw the zombies come out of the ground.'
> You completely ignore him altogether. This is a place for the 'criminally insane,' remember?
Hey, look dude, give the guy a break. You've been deemed as criminally insane too. Who knows, maybe the little guy will actually have something useful to say.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You don't exactly sleep well that night. All you can think about is the huge army of zombies spreading around the country. Soon they would take over.

The next day,you don't really want to get out of bed. It's not a very comfortable bed. But then again neither is going outside. All the people in this nuthouse are either ranting drug addicts or psychopathic murderers. You could maybe watch the TV though.
> You watch the television.
On the TV there's two people talking in a news room. One girl and one guy.

The girl: There are numerous reports of more brutal attacks in the East section of the country. Citizens have been given breath masks and told to evacuate immediately.  Armed forces have come in to eliminate the threat, and set up decontamination facillities in case of any threat of civillian infection.

After a bit  of LIVE camera footage(which is very short, probably due to the fact that the unfortunate camera man gets his head whacked off after twenty seconds), the guy starts talking.

Guy:..it is now believed that the infection is spread to victims after being bitten by an infected person, or even just being scratched. If someone you know has been bitten or scratched by an infected person, isolate the vicim and stay away.

You hear staff calling over the loudspeakers that all inmates are to go outside.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It’s always dark where I am, but that’s okay. I like the dark, and I have the Mörker for company. He sits up in my head and watches. Sometimes he talks to me, tells me what to do. I do what he says, because otherwise he will punish me. I remember when I first met the Mörker. I was scared of him then, but now I am terrified. The Mörker tells me to do things that I’m not supposed to. You aren’t allowed to kill people, but he Mörker told me to, so I did. I killed lots of people. That’s why I’m here, in the darkness. To make me stop. But you can’t stop the Mörker. 


The days pass, like they always do, sitting in the darkness with the him. We plan together, deciding what to do when we get out. I know we will, eventually. But in the meantime, the darkness is welcoming. It gives the Mörker and I time to think. Time to plan who will die first. The Mörker is very angry with the ones who put us here. But there is something deeper than just anger and resentment. There is pure hatred hiding within the Mörker, and I know he has a reason. I just need to know what it is. 
> You need to know
You chose disobedience. 


The Mörker is stronger. He pulses inside of my head, his thoughts louder than mine. I think he does have a secret. I heard him thinking about it. I still don’t know what it is, but I push myself closer to it every day. Whatever he’s thinking about, it’s very important that I don’t know it. The Mörker doesn’t trust me enough.


But as he is getting stronger, I am getting weaker. He is taking control. Soon I will just be an empty shell inhabited fully by darkness. I don’t really mind if that happens. I’m always in the dark anyway. I just want to know what the secret is. 


I know that if I let him take control, I will be reduced to nothing. My soul will be pushed to the far corner of myself, and it will be locked away. All of my thoughts, memories, feelings, affections, grudges, gone. All traces of what I was before will be destroyed, lost forever. I'm forgetting most of that stuff anyway. Most of my remaining consciousness goes towards that secret. Towards what the Mörker is hiding from me. 
> You trick him
I know that there have to be limits to the power that the Mörker holds. While I still have control over some aspects of my mind, I know I can hide that burning desire for the truth. I weaken my barriers, invite him in. Pretend that I never heard anything of secrets or of the lies he is telling me. The Mörker seems pleased with me. He thinks I have given in completely. Thinks I am weak. 


I have succeeded! I have finally proved that I am not just a doll on a string, that I have a free will. I know the secret that he was hiding from me. I wish though, that I didn't know. The Mörker was trying to protect me, trying to sheild me from the real horrors of the world. He was trying to keep me from knowing how privileged I am compared to so many others, others that I have killed. They do not get the sweet bliss that comes with total acceptance of him. They will suffer eternally, while I only suffer for a short while. The Mörker has shown me that I must be grateful. I will give my body to him. It is of no use to me now. 


 
> You give in
There is nothing for me in this world. I am the Mörker. He is me. He is imbedded so deeply into my brain, he is more myself than I am. My consciousness flicks on and off, sometimes catching snatches of reality. But in all truth, what is reality? What if our perception of what is real and what isn’t is wrong? Who was it that said that all of the horror stories, all of the curses and demons, are just fragments of our imagination? What if they were real? Because I have seen past the boundaries of our world, been to a place where the line between dreams and reality is blurred. The Mörker is all-powerful, and all knowing. He can show me the way.


Your last coherent thoughts were something about vengeance, but you don't know who you were talking to. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You chose disobedience. 


The Mörker is stronger. He pulses inside of my head, his thoughts louder than mine. I think he does have a secret. I heard him thinking about it. I still don’t know what it is, but I push myself closer to it every day. Whatever he’s thinking about, it’s very important that I don’t know it. The Mörker doesn’t trust me enough.


But as he is getting stronger, I am getting weaker. He is taking control. Soon I will just be an empty shell inhabited fully by darkness. I don’t really mind if that happens. I’m always in the dark anyway. I just want to know what the secret is. 


I know that if I let him take control, I will be reduced to nothing. My soul will be pushed to the far corner of myself, and it will be locked away. All of my thoughts, memories, feelings, affections, grudges, gone. All traces of what I was before will be destroyed, lost forever. I'm forgetting most of that stuff anyway. Most of my remaining consciousness goes towards that secret. Towards what the Mörker is hiding from me. 
> You break into his mind
I decide to do what naturally comes to me, what the Mörker has always taught me to do. To fight. But I am not stupid enough to attack right away. I bide my time, waiting for the best possible moment. Everything is dark, that is to be expected. The Mörker has not said anything to me for a while now. He seems to be sleeping, or possibly in deep thought. Either way, I know that my best hope is to attack while he is distracted. 


The Mörker is shocked when he feels me throw my mind at him with all my strength. He retreats momentarily, confused. I have never shown any signs of resistance, so why now? I prepare myself for another attack and pierce his mind again and again, tearing holes in the slippery threads of his thoughts. My revolt seems to be working, I think his screams are fading. 
> You push harder
I know that the Mörker is devious. There is no way he would admit defeat this easily, so after catching my breath, I double my efforts against him. My heart pounds in my ears, my hands are shaking, my vision  is going white. I continue to batter the Mörker with endless assaults, slamming into him over and over again until his presence fades. As my head clears for the first time in decades, the darkness around me fades slightly. I can see, but barely. I glance down at my chest. Thick, oily black liquid oozes down my shirt, leaving behind a trail of tiny droplets caught on the fabric. I watch it, intrigued, and run my hand under the flow playfully. The liquid runs down my fingers, dripping softly onto the floor. Out and out it pours, soaking my feet and legs with slimy darkness. It spreads across the floor lazily, a never ending flow of pure nightmares. I tilt my head back and moan softly, as more of the liquid leaves my body, the less pain I feel. 
> The liquid reaches the door
The oily fluid starts flowing faster, and more and more of my clothes become sticky and dark. Ominous puddles of black are reaching far across the floor now, seeping into crevices where it will never be found. It does seem to have a mind of it's own, as it recoils from the light and cowers under the harsh metal bed frame. My head abruptly becomes dizzy, and I sit down gingerly, careful to keep the liquid from pooling in my lap. My eyes begin to droop, and my vision falters. I fall face-first off the bed onto the stone-hard floor, and black out.  
> In the morning
"Holy shit, what happened in here?"


Guards cluster around the door, unable to repress the sick fascination of gore that humans posses. One of the guards, apparently a leader, steps forward into the room, only to back out hurriedly, choking. 


"Somebody call the fucking cops!" he shouted at the unruly mob.


As the guards slowly dispersed, the interior of the room slowly became visible. Slumped over her metal cot was a young girl, perhaps around the age of 16 or 17. Her hair was dark, falling down her back in a cascade of tangles and knots. Her hand hung down from the bed, lightly skimming the floor. Her face wasn't visible, obscured by her thick hair. This would have been a relitively normal scene, bar the fact that the girl was dead. In the very center of her chest, she had torn into her flesh so deeply that the bones of her ribcage could be seen clearly. Her fingers were soaked in blood, and her fingernails were covered in the flesh she ripped apart. She had bled so profusely that the floor was now barely visible, and images of blood gushing from this poor girl's chest flashed through the unfortunate guard's mind. Here and there, chunks of skin and flesh poked up through the pool of blood, somehow scattered all the way to the other side of the room. 


As police investigators arrived at the scene, it was immediately agreed upon that this had been a suicide.


"Such a shame." offered the deputy officer. "We tried our hardest, but this one never seemed to even notice us. Wrapped up in her own little world, she was."


"Well I frankly don't give a shit why she died. I just need you to fill out the paperwork." a nearby policeman grunted.


"Oh, come on. You really think anyone will notice she was gone? Let's just get the team to clean up, dispose of the body, and be done with it. I gotta be home early tonight, I got no time for this shit."


A general murmur of agreement was heard from the surrounding officers.


"Very well then." huffed the policeman. "Nice to see you, Officer. You really need to swing round for coffee sometime, we haven't had a good chat in ages."


As the clean up team slowly began scrubbing at the floor, the deputy officer walked away slowly, his shadow growing darker with every step. Boy, his head hurt. Time for a holiday. He was getting too old for this shit. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I know that the Mörker is devious. There is no way he would admit defeat this easily, so after catching my breath, I double my efforts against him. My heart pounds in my ears, my hands are shaking, my vision  is going white. I continue to batter the Mörker with endless assaults, slamming into him over and over again until his presence fades. As my head clears for the first time in decades, the darkness around me fades slightly. I can see, but barely. I glance down at my chest. Thick, oily black liquid oozes down my shirt, leaving behind a trail of tiny droplets caught on the fabric. I watch it, intrigued, and run my hand under the flow playfully. The liquid runs down my fingers, dripping softly onto the floor. Out and out it pours, soaking my feet and legs with slimy darkness. It spreads across the floor lazily, a never ending flow of pure nightmares. I tilt my head back and moan softly, as more of the liquid leaves my body, the less pain I feel. 
> The liquid stops
Gradually, the flow of the liquid slows to a trickle. The floor is almost completely covered by it, and I am soaked. My head spins crazily as I attempt to stand, and I collapse back on the bed heavily.


When I wake up I can hear activity behind my door, which frightens me. I thought I was alone here, trapped with the Mörker. Come to think of it, where is he? I call out to him gently, but to no avail. I poke and prod the space in my head where he is supposed to be, but I feel nothing. I start panicking, without him, I am nothing! I start screaming frantically, thrashing wildly. Where is he, where is he? My chest is heaving, my eyes roll back in my head. What have I done? My hands go to my chest, where I forced the Mörker out. My breath comes in gasps and sobs, it's hard to see straight. My fingers curl around the edges of the gash that he came out of, and I consider just ripping myself in two. Am I strong enough? Would it work? Only one way to find out.


Just as I prepare to tear open my skin, now slippery with blood, my door flies open. There is a person there, looking at me wildly. He rushes over and tries to take my hands. I snatch them away, screaming at him. What is going on? Who is this? As he moves closer to me, light from the door streams into the room and lands on my bloodstained fingers. I stop abruptly, staring at my hands. I had almost forgotten what light was. The man takes advantage of my stupor to grab my head in his hands, and he holds my chin up so that I am looking him in the eye. Maybe this person is the Mörker? Maybe he's come back for me? I look deeper into his pale blue eyes, and decide that the Mörker would never get inside this man. When I chose the Mörker, I chose darkness. Now, I am choosing light. 


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I decide to do what naturally comes to me, what the Mörker has always taught me to do. To fight. But I am not stupid enough to attack right away. I bide my time, waiting for the best possible moment. Everything is dark, that is to be expected. The Mörker has not said anything to me for a while now. He seems to be sleeping, or possibly in deep thought. Either way, I know that my best hope is to attack while he is distracted. 


The Mörker is shocked when he feels me throw my mind at him with all my strength. He retreats momentarily, confused. I have never shown any signs of resistance, so why now? I prepare myself for another attack and pierce his mind again and again, tearing holes in the slippery threads of his thoughts. My revolt seems to be working, I think his screams are fading. 
> Back off
Exhausted, I pause my attack. Self-doubt rushes wildly into my mind, and suddenly I'm not sure why I was even attacking him in the first place. Don't I know how privileged I am? To be at one with the Mörker is a gift to great for my worthless self. I rush to the Mörker, frantically checking over him. He seems okay, but shaken up. I begin to weep. I truly am a waste of space. The one person who trusts me and talks to me, and I attack him. How could I be so ungrateful and evil as to revoke him after the kindness he has shown me? The real enemy is the people who put me in here. They are the ones that deserve to die, not the Mörker.


The Mörker begins hissing excitedly. He is pleased by what I am saying. I realize then, as he praises me, that this feeling of accomplishment and self worth are truly worth doing anything for. I reach out to the Mörker, asking him for help. He nods his head slowly, and I feel his power coursing through my veins. I can do anything I want. I am invincible as long as he is with me.


I stand up, holding my head high. I stride confidently over to a heavy door at the front of my room. It's the only door, so it must lead out. I cock my head to the side, considering my options. Then, in a burst of anger, I bring my fists down on the steel casing. It crunches beneath my hands, and it is as I stand triumphant, free at last, that I realize all I had to do was be one with Mörker. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You chose disobedience. 


The Mörker is stronger. He pulses inside of my head, his thoughts louder than mine. I think he does have a secret. I heard him thinking about it. I still don’t know what it is, but I push myself closer to it every day. Whatever he’s thinking about, it’s very important that I don’t know it. The Mörker doesn’t trust me enough.


But as he is getting stronger, I am getting weaker. He is taking control. Soon I will just be an empty shell inhabited fully by darkness. I don’t really mind if that happens. I’m always in the dark anyway. I just want to know what the secret is. 


I know that if I let him take control, I will be reduced to nothing. My soul will be pushed to the far corner of myself, and it will be locked away. All of my thoughts, memories, feelings, affections, grudges, gone. All traces of what I was before will be destroyed, lost forever. I'm forgetting most of that stuff anyway. Most of my remaining consciousness goes towards that secret. Towards what the Mörker is hiding from me. 
> You lay low and listen quietly
I know that the Mörker is strong, and I do not doubt that he could crush me if ever I showed resistance. So I cower beneath him, stay the ever-faithful servant. It's the best that I can do to keep from being overwhelmed, he is smothering me, killing me slowly. I don't think I can last him out either, I am being worn down much faster than I imagined. 


Days pass, and soon I become unrecognizable. My mouth is foaming, my brown eyes turn to black. My hair grows longer, thicker, wilder. I loose weight, now my spine sticks out of my back. My skin is grey and dry, my nails long and my teeth sharp. I look like a monster. I am barely conscious, but I can hear growls and screams echoing around my room. I am the Mörker, and I love it. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It’s always dark where I am, but that’s okay. I like the dark, and I have the Mörker for company. He sits up in my head and watches. Sometimes he talks to me, tells me what to do. I do what he says, because otherwise he will punish me. I remember when I first met the Mörker. I was scared of him then, but now I am terrified. The Mörker tells me to do things that I’m not supposed to. You aren’t allowed to kill people, but he Mörker told me to, so I did. I killed lots of people. That’s why I’m here, in the darkness. To make me stop. But you can’t stop the Mörker. 


The days pass, like they always do, sitting in the darkness with the him. We plan together, deciding what to do when we get out. I know we will, eventually. But in the meantime, the darkness is welcoming. It gives the Mörker and I time to think. Time to plan who will die first. The Mörker is very angry with the ones who put us here. But there is something deeper than just anger and resentment. There is pure hatred hiding within the Mörker, and I know he has a reason. I just need to know what it is. 
> No you don't
You chose submission. 


I know that I will never break down the walls that the Mörker has built around his secrets. He is far more powerful than I could ever imagine, and I know that if I anger him I will suffer. Nothing, no piece of knowledge in existence, is worth the Mörker's wrath. I decide not to worry about whatever fragment of enlightenment he is hiding from me. It would probably shatter my unstable mind anyway. 


As days pass I forget about the secret altogether. In my last days of consciousness, my thoughts are focused on the changes around me. I observe from the sidelines, detached and unemotional. I have no connections to the creature being eaten by darkness. I can only watch, and be afraid of what is to come. 
> You observe from afar
You chose acceptance


Now the Mörker’s thoughts are screamed inside my head. I no longer control what I do at all. I scream without knowing. My brain is in turmoil. My fists are bleeding from pounding on the walls. My fingernails are raw and broken and the door has long scratch marks embedded into the wood. My clothes are stained with blood and tears. I am a wreck. My face grows even paler against my bloodshot eyes. 


The walls are covered with red diagrams and words. I think it may be written in blood. My blood? I don’t remember. I’m loosing me memory piece by piece. Now there are long gaps of blankness, times when I cannot remember where I was or what I was doing. It frightens me a bit, but I must embrace the Mörker. My mind cannot focus on who I am or where we are. I can hear things in the walls, scuttling and scraping. The room isn’t just dark; the blankness is thick, heavy, suffocating. Almost like I could reach out and touch it. I think I’m going mad.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You chose submission. 


I know that I will never break down the walls that the Mörker has built around his secrets. He is far more powerful than I could ever imagine, and I know that if I anger him I will suffer. Nothing, no piece of knowledge in existence, is worth the Mörker's wrath. I decide not to worry about whatever fragment of enlightenment he is hiding from me. It would probably shatter my unstable mind anyway. 


As days pass I forget about the secret altogether. In my last days of consciousness, my thoughts are focused on the changes around me. I observe from the sidelines, detached and unemotional. I have no connections to the creature being eaten by darkness. I can only watch, and be afraid of what is to come. 
> You fight back
You chose to show resistance.


It was getting worse. I no longer control what I do at all. I scream without knowing. My brain is in turmoil. My fists are bleeding from pounding on the walls. My fingernails are raw and broken and the door has long scratch marks embedded into the wood. My clothes are stained with blood and tears. I am a wreck. My face grows even paler against my bloodshot eyes. And I'm sick of it.


My life before had no point, until I found the Mörker. But its almost as if I've changed my mind, that I don't want to be a doll controlled by something so destructive and poisonous. I'm not sure, but maybe I want to be myself again. I want to be able to look back on my existence and not be ashamed. Almost subconsciously, I changed something inside my head. A tiny, tiny portion of my mind returned to me. And so it began. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A picturesque scene is displayed before your tiny eyes. A family of four, including your mother, father, younger brother and yourself, sit at a table sharing a meal. Tonight you're having pasta, one of your favorites. Your little brother, Joshy, has managed to make a huge mess yet again, smothering his face and the table around him in orange pasta sauce. You tug on your mother's sleeve impatiently as she delves into yet another heated discussion with your father. 


"Muuum, Joshy's all messy!" you complain loudly.


Your mother sighs and turns away from your father. 


"Rosie, your Daddy and I are having a very important discussion. Do you think you could be a big girl and clean up after Joshy by yourself?"


 
> No way.
You sigh quietly and go back to eating your pasta. Your mother turns back to talk with your father, barely noticing that you still sit at the table, unenthusiastically turning your fork over and over. Your parents are arguing heatedly over something, you're not quite sure what. You hate it when they do this, what if they don't love each other any more? What if they decide to get a divorce, and you end up like that weird kid who sits in front of you on the school bus in the mornings? What would happen to you? Who would you stay with? 


You know you're probably being unreasonable, but your mind can't help but to jump to the worst possible scenario. You sit there for a good ten minutes, thinking about what would happen if your parents didn't love each other anymore, when you notice that your father is standing up and yelling loudly at your mother. 


"HONESTLY SUE-ELLEN, EVERY TIME I TRY TO HAVE A REASONABLE DISCUSSION WITH YOU, YOU TURN IT INTO AN ARGUMENT! GOD, START CRYING WHY DON'T YOU! IT'S ALWAYS MY FAULT, ISN'T IT."


Your mother is indeed crying silently, shoulders heaving as she tries to hold it in. 


"Clary, I'm not saying it's your fault. In fact, it's probably mine. Don't worry about it, I'll just do it myself if you won't help." she sniffs, attempting to remain somewhat dignified. 
> You stand up for your mother
You stand up on your chair, desperate to be heard, to be recognized as a human being rather than a little girl who just does what her parents say. 


"Stop it Daddy! Just leave her alone!"


Your father, in the middle of shouting something horrible at your mother, takes a second to realize that you spoke. He turns to you slowly and your blood runs cold. What have you done? How could you be so disrespectful? He begins speaking slowly, dangerously.


"Rosie, this is a discussion for adults. We can handle it by ourselves, thank you. Now, why don't you go off to your room now? I'm sure there are lots of toys you can play with."
> You say "Yes Daddy."
You decide to flee before the situation gets any worse. You took a a step too far standing up for your mother like that, you're lucky you didn't get into too much trouble. You step down from the chair meekly and run off to your room. You bury yourself under a nest of blankets and cry yourself to sleep, worrying about your parents, scared for your mother. You wish you had a different father. No one could be worse than the one you're stuck with. 
> You wake up in the middle of the night
You blink rapidly in the thick darkness, stretching your heavy arms. What time is it? It must be pretty late, the house seems to be completely silent. As you lay quietly in the dark, your mind flicks back to the events of last night. Rage bubbles up inside you as you picture your father's menacing face looming down at you. Why did he have to screw everything up? He always found a way to start a fight, to make your mother cry, to rip the family apart. You rub your eyes, eventually adjusting to the the lack of light. A thought came to you suddenly. He was asleep, it would be so easy to sneak into his room with a knife, you could blame it on your mother, who would ever suspect a little girl? 


 
> You find a knife
Your father must be stopped. If you continue living under his terrible reign, you'll go insane. Or rather, considering what you're about to do, even more insane. You giggle slightly at this thought, only to stop abruptly, knowing you have to be absolutely silent. Your laugh echoes down the hall, the only disturbance in the peaceful household. You rummage under your mattress blindly, knowing you have found what you're looking for when a sharp pain stabs your hand. Ignoring the trickle of blood staining your bed sheets, you pull out a glinting knife and grip it tightly. You resist the urge to giggle again, somehow this whole situation just seems hilarious. 


Pulling a straight face, you slip out of your room and tiptoe down the hallway, careful to be completely silent. You reach your parent's door successfully, and you twist the doorknob slowly. The door isn't locked and slides open with a gentle "creeeak". Freezing in your spot, you wait for your parents to wake up and notice you standing there. Fortunately, they seem to be deep sleepers and don't show any signs of waking.


Even quieter than before, you sneak around to your father's side of the bed. Look at him, sleeping soundly. How can he sleep well at night knowing he makes his family's lives miserable? You raise the knife to his neck, whispering "I love you daddy". Then, with a sudden jerk, you slit his neck. You underestimated how deep the cut should be, and his eyes open, panic racing through his mind. He tries to speak, yell, but all that comes out is a warm gurgle. Blood pours out of his neck alarmingly, soaking the sheets completely. Hearing him thrashing, your mother wakes up with a start. She glances at your father, then at you, realizing what had happened. She stands up shakily and walks over to you, taking the knife from your hand gently. You stand still, shocked at what you have done, until a smile spreads slowly across your face. He's gone! No one will ever ruin your family again. 


Your mother turns to you, sadness in her eyes. 


"Good girl, Rosie." she whispers as she slits your neck effortlessly. 


 

You got the 'True' ending. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You blink rapidly in the thick darkness, stretching your heavy arms. What time is it? It must be pretty late, the house seems to be completely silent. As you lay quietly in the dark, your mind flicks back to the events of last night. Rage bubbles up inside you as you picture your father's menacing face looming down at you. Why did he have to screw everything up? He always found a way to start a fight, to make your mother cry, to rip the family apart. You rub your eyes, eventually adjusting to the the lack of light. A thought came to you suddenly. He was asleep, it would be so easy to sneak into his room with a knife, you could blame it on your mother, who would ever suspect a little girl? 


 
> You grab a glass of water and calm down
You dismiss the thought instantly. You really must be tired, why else would you think of something so twisted? You sigh quietly and slip out of bed, heading for the kitchen. Perhaps a glass of water would help to calm you down. Your feet pad down the hall gently until you reach the living room. Your hand fumbles in the dark, searching for the light switch. You flip it quickly, and close your eyes against the blinding light. When you open your eyes again, you can't help but to scream. Sitting in his highchair is Joshy, but his petite body is missing a head. Blood is splattered all over the wall behind his body, chunks of flesh litter the floor around his chair. Bile rises in the back of your throat, but you force yourself not to vomit. You breathe in deeply, trying to calm yourself down. It works for about ten seconds, until the image of Joshy's pale body slumped in his chair flashes in your mind. Your father must have done this. You know you should get out of there, but what about your mother? What if he's gone after her?
> You call the police
"Hello, 000 here. Please state your emergency."


"M-my little brother is dead. I think my Daddy did it."


"Alright, can you tell me where you live?"


"Th-thirty nine Lorrie Avenue. In Freshwater."


"Okay honey. We have an ambulance and police on the way. Stay calm, move out of the house. Is there a neighbor's house that you can go to?"


"N-no. We-we just moved in here. I don't know anyone."


"Okay then. Honey I'm gonna need you to get out of the house, alright? Is your Daddy still asleep?"


"Yeah, I-I think so."


"Good. Alright now stay calm, are you out of the house yet?"


"Mm-hmm."


"Alright. Do you have any brothers or sisters living in the house?"


"Well, I-I had J-Joshy..."


*inaudible sobs*


"Okay sweetie, it's gonna be alright."


"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?"


*phone line goes dead*


 

When the police arrive at your house, they find your body slumped over the kitchen table, your head blasted to pieces. Your mother was found lying in her bed, throat slit. 


 

You got the 'Trigger Happy' ending. 
> You restart
A picturesque scene is displayed before your tiny eyes. A family of four, including your mother, father, younger brother and yourself, sit at a table sharing a meal. Tonight you're having pasta, one of your favorites. Your little brother, Joshy, has managed to make a huge mess yet again, smothering his face and the table around him in orange pasta sauce. You tug on your mother's sleeve impatiently as she delves into yet another heated discussion with your father. 


"Muuum, Joshy's all messy!" you complain loudly.


Your mother sighs and turns away from your father. 


"Rosie, your Daddy and I are having a very important discussion. Do you think you could be a big girl and clean up after Joshy by yourself?"


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You dismiss the thought instantly. You really must be tired, why else would you think of something so twisted? You sigh quietly and slip out of bed, heading for the kitchen. Perhaps a glass of water would help to calm you down. Your feet pad down the hall gently until you reach the living room. Your hand fumbles in the dark, searching for the light switch. You flip it quickly, and close your eyes against the blinding light. When you open your eyes again, you can't help but to scream. Sitting in his highchair is Joshy, but his petite body is missing a head. Blood is splattered all over the wall behind his body, chunks of flesh litter the floor around his chair. Bile rises in the back of your throat, but you force yourself not to vomit. You breathe in deeply, trying to calm yourself down. It works for about ten seconds, until the image of Joshy's pale body slumped in his chair flashes in your mind. Your father must have done this. You know you should get out of there, but what about your mother? What if he's gone after her?
> You check on your mother
You manage to tear your wide eyes from your little brother's corpse. You have to check on your mother! She might be in danger! Sprinting down the hallway, you slam open the door to your parent's room and skid to a halt. Your mother's lifeless corpse hangs over the side of the bed, her skin turned pale and waxy. Your father, however, is still very much alive. His huge figure is positioned above your dead mother, eyes closed in ecstasy as he thrusts into her repeatedly. You squeeze your eyes closed  and back away from the door, trying to escape unnoticed. Just as you think you made it, your father's eyes snap open and his vision focuses on you. His mouth curls into a sinister grin and he is upon you in a flash. You scream as loudly as you can, desperate to get away from this madman. It's no use though, he is far stronger than you. He rips off your warm pajamas, moaning at the sight of your shivering naked body. 


"You have no idea how long I've waited for this Rosie." he sneers at you. 


You have no idea how long it goes on for, endless screams punctuated by surprised moans of pleasure. 


 

You got the 'Necrophiliac' ending. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to flee before the situation gets any worse. You took a a step too far standing up for your mother like that, you're lucky you didn't get into too much trouble. You step down from the chair meekly and run off to your room. You bury yourself under a nest of blankets and cry yourself to sleep, worrying about your parents, scared for your mother. You wish you had a different father. No one could be worse than the one you're stuck with. 
> You somehow, you sleep through the night
As you grow older, your parents fight more and more often. Your father hates you, he gets mad at you for the smallest things. You grow up, trapped with the monster that is your father. You try to explain to your mother how you feel, but she dismisses it as the ramblings of a child. How could anyone be so blind? How could she stand to live with such a horrible man? 


Your father pushes you, hits you, your body is covered in bruises and cuts that are written off as the normal injuries of an adventurous child. All because you could never stand up to him. He is so much bigger, stronger, aggressive. You sneak around the house, trying not to trigger the switch, to make him explode. Whenever you can, you spend time away from the house, hanging out with friends and
> You talking about your feelings.
Somehow, you find yourself hanging out with the depressed kids. You know you can always confide in your friends, you can tell them anything. They know all about your living situation, but you don't talk about it much since they have their own problems. You talk with them, letting them tell you about all their issues, all the reasons they hate themselves. You try to be happy around them, try to lift their spirits, but it's different when you're alone, left with your demons.


Sometimes, it becomes too much. 


Your mother finds you in your room, hanging from the ceiling fan. The arms you kept covered with long sleeves exposed, revealing hundreds of deep cuts. A pool of crimson blood stains the carpet, leaking from the most recent gashes in your wrists. Written on a piece of paper under your swaying body, a message reads:


The demons were planning, they knew what was to come


They knew I was tired, then knew I was done.


I know I was weak, crazy, insane.


But the darkness was calling, and it knew my name.


I’m sorry I was stupid, and ugly and fat,


I know you thought I was better than that.


When I said good bye, you didn’t think twice


I’m sorry for what has been


               a waste


                    of a life


              I love you daddy. Sorry for the mess. 


 

You got the 'It's my fault' ending<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As you grow older, your parents fight more and more often. Your father hates you, he gets mad at you for the smallest things. You grow up, trapped with the monster that is your father. You try to explain to your mother how you feel, but she dismisses it as the ramblings of a child. How could anyone be so blind? How could she stand to live with such a horrible man? 


Your father pushes you, hits you, your body is covered in bruises and cuts that are written off as the normal injuries of an adventurous child. All because you could never stand up to him. He is so much bigger, stronger, aggressive. You sneak around the house, trying not to trigger the switch, to make him explode. Whenever you can, you spend time away from the house, hanging out with friends and
> You drinking away the pain.
Heavy eyeliner, piercings in unmentionable places, secret tattoos. Hating life has never been so fun. You spend your time with your older friends, getting drunk at parties and fucking cute boys (and girls).  Heavy metal becomes the key to your soul, it's so loud that it drowns out the voices in your head. Most of the time you're either high or drunk, living in a strange blur of color and sound. It's blissful, really, drowning out the world. You become a legend among your friends, known for being absolutely insane. 20 shots of vodka? Sure. Pills you bought from a stranger in the dark? Yep. Gang bang with some guys you met on the street? Absolutely. 


One particular night, you drink a whole bottle of cherry vodka as part of a dare. You feel great, your alcohol tolerance is pretty high by now. After you finish having sex with a few lonely guys, you decide to head home for the night. Or rather, head to a friend's place to crash until you're mildly sober. Heading out the back of the party, you jump over a fence clumsily and stagger down an alleyway, high heels clicking on the cool pavement. Your mind struggles to understand what is happening as the silhouette of a strange man appears at the edge of your blurry vision. The man walks right up to you as you wobble unsteadily, and it isn't until he presses it to your neck that you notice his knife. He orders you to strip, and you spend the next 30 minutes making him moan with pleasure. Just as you finish up, on your knees before him, he cums violently. His arm jerks up, still holding the knife, and he slits your neck cleanly. 


Your body lies in the street for a few days, a stinking pile of blood and cum, before a street cleaner finds you. Your body is identified easily by your tattoos, but your parents never come to the police station. No one really cared that you died. 


 

You got the 'Fuck You' ending<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You stand up on your chair, desperate to be heard, to be recognized as a human being rather than a little girl who just does what her parents say. 


"Stop it Daddy! Just leave her alone!"


Your father, in the middle of shouting something horrible at your mother, takes a second to realize that you spoke. He turns to you slowly and your blood runs cold. What have you done? How could you be so disrespectful? He begins speaking slowly, dangerously.


"Rosie, this is a discussion for adults. We can handle it by ourselves, thank you. Now, why don't you go off to your room now? I'm sure there are lots of toys you can play with."
> You say "I don't want to."
You shake your head slowly, shocking yourself with your own bravery. You are openly disobeying your father now, and you know that there will be consequences. First, however, you need to have your say. 


"Just because you're stronger doesn't mean you get to be the boss, Daddy! Mummy and I can do whatever we want!"


Your father growls at you, spittle flying from his bared teeth. 


"That's where you're wrong, Rosie. I am the boss. And I always will be."


He reaches over and grabs you by the collar, lifting you down from your chair roughly. 


"Now, Rosie, off to bed now, before I get mad."


You shake your head stubbornly and stamp your foot on the ground. 


"You're not the boss of me! Is he Mummy?"


You look to your mother for reinforcement, but she stares almost absentmindedly out of a window and completely ignores the situation at hand. Your father's face is growing red, you are pushing harder than you ever have before. 


"I'm going to count to three, Rosie. One..."


You stamp your foot.


"Two..."


Standing your ground, you stare stonily at a patch on the wall and refuse to budge.


"Three."


With a sudden roar, your father lunges at you and you give a surprised 'squeak' as he grabs your forearm tightly. More due to the fact that you have committed to defying him than actual logic, you dig your feet into the ground and scream as loudly as you can.You will not go to your room. Your father ignores your display of defense completely and drags you across the ground. As you struggle to your feet, attempting to twist away, he slams you into a wall and continues to pull your tiny body down the hallway. Screaming and wriggling madly, now fearing for your life, you resist him with all of your strength. Your father continues walking as if he doesn't even notice you, as if you weigh nothing at all. When he reaches your room, he picks you up by the back of your shirt and dumps you on the floor. A good kick leaves you sobbing uncontrollably, a weeping and snotty mess. 


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sigh quietly and go back to eating your pasta. Your mother turns back to talk with your father, barely noticing that you still sit at the table, unenthusiastically turning your fork over and over. Your parents are arguing heatedly over something, you're not quite sure what. You hate it when they do this, what if they don't love each other any more? What if they decide to get a divorce, and you end up like that weird kid who sits in front of you on the school bus in the mornings? What would happen to you? Who would you stay with? 


You know you're probably being unreasonable, but your mind can't help but to jump to the worst possible scenario. You sit there for a good ten minutes, thinking about what would happen if your parents didn't love each other anymore, when you notice that your father is standing up and yelling loudly at your mother. 


"HONESTLY SUE-ELLEN, EVERY TIME I TRY TO HAVE A REASONABLE DISCUSSION WITH YOU, YOU TURN IT INTO AN ARGUMENT! GOD, START CRYING WHY DON'T YOU! IT'S ALWAYS MY FAULT, ISN'T IT."


Your mother is indeed crying silently, shoulders heaving as she tries to hold it in. 


"Clary, I'm not saying it's your fault. In fact, it's probably mine. Don't worry about it, I'll just do it myself if you won't help." she sniffs, attempting to remain somewhat dignified. 
> You go to bed
You slink off from the table and collapse onto your bed. Why do mummy and daddy have to fight? Why can't they just be happy and love each other? You know that you have no place to judge, you're just a little girl. But as you lay in bed that night, you decide that when you're older, you are never going to marry someone unless you know you love them. No one should have to go through the same as you, uncertain about their future in a loving family. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You're on the way to Grandpa Paul's house, to help him move out because you're a good grandson. And he volunteered to pay you fifty bucks to move around some boxes that probably aren't even heavy. You're actually a little surprised he called you, given how aloof he is about family. He'll chime in every couple years or so to meet back up with everyone, exchange gifts, and give that goofy smile that everyone finds endearing. Otherwise, it's radio silence. Paul is a good person, though, and his ailing health probably has something to do with the spotty record for attendance.


You grab a jacket, lock the door, and leave the apartment. You're not going to turn down a little cash in a world where rent goes up and pay stays flat. Paul won't need it much anyway, since he's going into retirement. You get in the vehicle, start the engine, and drive out of the outskirt suburbs, following rural roads to a turn. The car roves over grass and dirt, coming to a quick stop at an unassuming wood-beam house. There's a ladder propped against it, upon which a lanky figure stands, throwing powder on the roof that thwarts moss. He smiles at you, that same goofy smile, then finishes the chore before climbing down to say hi.


“Is that you, Stanley?” He walks up to take better measure. “It's so good of you to come. I knew you would, for the money if nothing else!” He gives a wry grin and chuckles you through the door. You tell him how you've been, and make small talk about the pumpkins outside. It's hard to think he'll have a lot of kids at the door on Halloween tonight, especially with everything boxed up against windows. Of course, with your insatiable sweet tooth and the candy he waves at you, that's not something you feel like pointing out. He scoots you through the house, past a room brimming with yarn — relics of his late wife — to a hallway claimed by heavy boxes of derelict hobbies. Everything from wood plane kits to soldering tools fills them, and you really wish he didn't have all these fleeting interests, since it would make the move a lot easier.


“Why don't you sell some of this clutter? I know you don't need it.”


“I can't find a lot of time”, he replies. “I'm cataloging my sponge collection because I've got a pitch from a museum.”
> You say "Sounds as interesting as waiting for toast, Paul."
“Well it's not for everyone,” he admonishes. He goes on to describe his collection and the museum offer, which seems like little more than an acquisition by some eccentric. “I'm moving on to other collections,” he says, “sponges are really getting too popular now.” You don't ask more about it, but you're punished with additional details any time you stop moving.


The boxes in the hallway only serve to make the actual work harder. You've got three rooms overflowing with junk, which needs to be sorted, packed, and hoisted out of the way. Paul hovers around since he suddenly has nothing better to do, inventing all manner of new categories for these nick-knacks you couldn't possible surmise the need to keep. With all of his advice, the process goes well past the couple hours you were hoping for. You ask if you should come back another time, but he waves off the suggestion. He's engrossed in pouring over everything he forgot about, much to your dismay.


He turns the porch light off as the sky dims to night. Paul converts you into a candy funnel, fully exploiting the extent to which you like sugar. Eventually, you tell him you've had enough, and he says something about gaining weight if he were to eat all the candy.


You reach the third and last room, adorned with sets of bowling pins and an enormous collection of camping paraphernalia, among other things. You make some room on a relatively clean patch of letters for the first box when you see a curious pair of statues on a wall-mounted shelf. On the left is a knight in plate armor holding a longsword, tip down. Opposite of it is a hunched, faceless ghoul with balled fists and a flowing robe. They would've already been swept away, but the pewter statues both seem to have purple-tinted shadows. How is that possible? You reach to examine one of them.
> You move the knight
The knight stands prominently, a little larger than the ghoul, and it's closest to your hand. You pick it up; the room suddenly chills. Then, there is a coursing coldness in your body, without origin. It ends as quick as your next inhalation, and the air returns to a stable temperature. Your only guess is that you ate way too much candy. The statues are collected into a pile, along with other baubles, and you finish the job about an hour later.


“Thanks, Stanley. You really saved me a lot of back pain. You've definitely earned the money,” he says.


“Sure thing, Paul. I'm going to take off. Let me know how the sponge sale goes.”


“In the dark at eleven? You're more than welcome to stay, really!”


“Thanks for the offer, but I have other matters to attend to,” you say.


He offers a meek shrug and a hearty wave goodbye. You get back in your car, happy to breathe in some dust-free air. It's an hour-long drive home, but it's Halloween, and you want to go somewhere. A headache starts at your temple. You decide you can figure it out on the way. You turn the key, shift the car into gear and merge onto the freeway. A half hour goes by; the headache stops. Despite the time and the hypnotically-spaced street lamps, you're wide awake. In fact, you've decided exactly where you want to go.
> You drive
You ride another ten minutes on the highway before taking an exit to a forest service road. Gravel kicks up from beneath the tires, rapping against the metal underside. Fifteen minutes in, you silence the motor and step out of the vehicle. A small picket at the head of the trail reads "Sorry Falls 5.4 mi" under the moonlight. The trail is a jagged path of dirt cutting through the dying underbrush, and carpeted in leaves. You begin trudging along, passing by barren trees. The air is frosty under the pellucid sky. Animal trails weave across both sides of the path — the wildlife still has a presence. You stop at a point where tree roots knot across the surface, around four miles in. You're getting closer, but you won't find her here.


You feel the pressure of a headache as Stanley's mind kicks with the realization of what's going on; that you have taken ahold of his body. It's a harmless protest. You look at the moon, the timeless observer, who watches from its remote perch in the sky. It saw the old men kill the witches. It witnessed the fading of magic from the world, long ago. But, here in this time, the soil yearns for the return of magic. You have tonight alone to find the crypt.


Animal paths run like scars through the brush. Moonlight dances across groups of withered leaves, highlighting a particular patch on a hill to the right. Perhaps it's an omen.
> You continue on the designated trail
You continue up the path, and the dull echoes of Sorry Falls fade into earshot. The path turns, winding up to a lookout halfway down the falls. Water slips over the rim of the rock, separating into shallow rivulets, which divide further into beads before they hit the pool at the bottom. It looks vaguely like one of the waterfalls in your old memories. You jump blatantly off trail, running up the hill to your left that will take you around the falls. You should be able to ford them further upstream; it's not a deep river by any means. Half an hour later, you reach the other side. Your pants are soaked and your legs are stiff with the water's chill. You stop and dry yourself, pondering where you should be going from here. You're a little off course, so you'll need to run in the direction of the water for quite a while. That should take you down to the river, perpendicular to the falls, that it channels into.


With dry pants, you follow the stream downhill. The thickets pick up as you go, and you find yourself beating you way through them from time to time. Still, you push faithfully onwards through the undergrowth, reaching the river you recall. Something pushes at your mind. It's Stanley, inquiring about what's going on. He's given up on fighting, so there's no reason not to let him know what you're trying to accomplish.


There was a lady named Farra. She was one of the last true mystics that you know lived; she was one of the seers, fortune-makers and earth-brewers fatally punished for the crimes of witches. All practitioners were persecuted in the old days, undifferentiated. It's the cruel ones that are celebrated and remembered in the caricatures of Halloween decor tonight. The world is ready to see the light of the true mystics again, for the role of mankind in the play of worldly events is a lonely role indeed. Their heavy industrialization in the last few centuries marked a permanent departure from the old ways, and the seed must be resown before it's lost forever. These are not the instructions of a prophecy, you relay. They fall from a deep understanding of The Forms — the ways of nature itself.


He quiets down to consider the potency of those thoughts. You glance up and downstream, trying to recollect where you're supposed to go. Upstream seems the most likely. You walk along the stream for another hour, listening to the water playing at the edges of the bank, gurgling in eddies and slipping past itself in a muted rush. There is something eternally relaxing about such things. This is why the world must see the return of the mystics, and perhaps with them, the return of magic.


Stanley notices you've let your guard down.
> You fight for control over the body
A headache sharply forms as Stanley strains to repossess the body. Caught entirely by surprise, you can't pin his conscience in time...you're extracted, materializing as an ethereal wisp, circling madly. His mind is steeled to you, now. There will be no way in, so you rush off in the hopes of finding another vessel.


You're free of it, back in control of your own body. You test out your legs, blink and steal a few lungfuls of air. Your legs are throbbing with the shallow pain of oncoming soreness. You walk downstream for hours until you hear the dull roar of a highway, and continue onwards to it. You're close, but far too tired to make it all the way, so you pick a particularly comfy ditch and take a long nap. Still entirely yourself, you wake up, and spend the next half of the day navigating back to your car. You don't know exactly what to make of all this. The ghost certainly wanted full control over you for its incomprehensible quest; at the same time, you had an undeniable supernatural experience. How much of its rambling could be true? As you slot the key into the driver's side door, you can only imagine you'll be wearing a tin foil hat next year.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You continue up the path, and the dull echoes of Sorry Falls fade into earshot. The path turns, winding up to a lookout halfway down the falls. Water slips over the rim of the rock, separating into shallow rivulets, which divide further into beads before they hit the pool at the bottom. It looks vaguely like one of the waterfalls in your old memories. You jump blatantly off trail, running up the hill to your left that will take you around the falls. You should be able to ford them further upstream; it's not a deep river by any means. Half an hour later, you reach the other side. Your pants are soaked and your legs are stiff with the water's chill. You stop and dry yourself, pondering where you should be going from here. You're a little off course, so you'll need to run in the direction of the water for quite a while. That should take you down to the river, perpendicular to the falls, that it channels into.


With dry pants, you follow the stream downhill. The thickets pick up as you go, and you find yourself beating you way through them from time to time. Still, you push faithfully onwards through the undergrowth, reaching the river you recall. Something pushes at your mind. It's Stanley, inquiring about what's going on. He's given up on fighting, so there's no reason not to let him know what you're trying to accomplish.


There was a lady named Farra. She was one of the last true mystics that you know lived; she was one of the seers, fortune-makers and earth-brewers fatally punished for the crimes of witches. All practitioners were persecuted in the old days, undifferentiated. It's the cruel ones that are celebrated and remembered in the caricatures of Halloween decor tonight. The world is ready to see the light of the true mystics again, for the role of mankind in the play of worldly events is a lonely role indeed. Their heavy industrialization in the last few centuries marked a permanent departure from the old ways, and the seed must be resown before it's lost forever. These are not the instructions of a prophecy, you relay. They fall from a deep understanding of The Forms — the ways of nature itself.


He quiets down to consider the potency of those thoughts. You glance up and downstream, trying to recollect where you're supposed to go. Upstream seems the most likely. You walk along the stream for another hour, listening to the water playing at the edges of the bank, gurgling in eddies and slipping past itself in a muted rush. There is something eternally relaxing about such things. This is why the world must see the return of the mystics, and perhaps with them, the return of magic.


Stanley notices you've let your guard down.
> You abide the possession
Stanley does nothing, and you don't notice.You reach a tight bend in the stream that sparks your memory. From here, Farra's grave must be a few hours to the left. You depart from the river banks, blazing directly into the forest. It isn't an easygoing hike, and it becomes clear that Stanley's body suffers from a lack of regular exercise. You find yourself breathing heavily, and often stopping to recover along the route. It's well after midnight, so you'll only have a few hours left. Stanley offers the thought of checking the phone for the current time. It's clear he's decided to accept your temporary inhabitance. You convey thanks. The phone indicates that you have about four hours to find the site. However, you're beginning to have problems doing so. Your memories are old, and few things remain in their places after a few centuries. Signs are scarce. You're forced to keep going until you, hopefully, run across a surviving landmark and get your bearings.


More hours of trudging through underbrush pass, and your body has switched over to a mixture of reserve energy and adrenaline. At this rate, you think, you'll be passing out just as the sun rises. Only minutes after that thought, you happen upon a clearing. Massive boulders lay strewn about, instantly matching memories; it would appear you're close. The grass grows unbridled here, with the longest blades threatening to reach your shoulders, and regular clusters up to knee height. Moonlight dapples the primal scene, and you can see short foliage in front of you, all beginning to curl at different points along their length, to differing degrees. You breathe in relief. Those are the ferns, the same ferns, that were here a millenium ago. You wade to them through the sea of grass, and the ground transitions to a mixture of trees, with ferns to fill the spaces between. You comb through them, searching for evidence of a grave.


You're leaning with fatigue by the time you find it, buried, hidden beneath the plants as though protected. Little round rocks, separated many feet apart by cycles of growth and decay, freeze and thaw. You remember these, taken from the forest around you 1,000 years ago, and stacked around the headstone that's no longer here. Probably for the best, you think, that there are no workings of man here at all.


The stones are gathered, gently, and arranged into three circles: one for The Observer, who hovers above even now; one for The Forms, which includes all aspects of nature; and one for The Provider, who will compete for the sky only hours from now. You build them around the ferns, and the work is done. There is no further reason to be here, and the end of the night marks your departure. You part from the body, flying in an astral path to the moon, who will shutter you to the Otherside. Stanley collapses to the ground from overwhelming weariness.


Sunlight wakes you around midday. You touch your head, blink, and shuffle around. He's gone, and you're back in control. You can't help but shiver as you recall last night. That possession shattered so many things you thought were true about the world. You look at the sky, and The Provider beams down at you. You head off to the stream, and follow it back until you hear the roar of the highway.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You ride another ten minutes on the highway before taking an exit to a forest service road. Gravel kicks up from beneath the tires, rapping against the metal underside. Fifteen minutes in, you silence the motor and step out of the vehicle. A small picket at the head of the trail reads "Sorry Falls 5.4 mi" under the moonlight. The trail is a jagged path of dirt cutting through the dying underbrush, and carpeted in leaves. You begin trudging along, passing by barren trees. The air is frosty under the pellucid sky. Animal trails weave across both sides of the path — the wildlife still has a presence. You stop at a point where tree roots knot across the surface, around four miles in. You're getting closer, but you won't find her here.


You feel the pressure of a headache as Stanley's mind kicks with the realization of what's going on; that you have taken ahold of his body. It's a harmless protest. You look at the moon, the timeless observer, who watches from its remote perch in the sky. It saw the old men kill the witches. It witnessed the fading of magic from the world, long ago. But, here in this time, the soil yearns for the return of magic. You have tonight alone to find the crypt.


Animal paths run like scars through the brush. Moonlight dances across groups of withered leaves, highlighting a particular patch on a hill to the right. Perhaps it's an omen.
> You follow the animal path
You step off the manicured road and into the brush, sweeping spiderwebs as you move along the small path. A wintry gust riles branches into motion as the trail takes you on a curve over a steepening hill. You're forced to make switchbacks down to safely resume along the path below. Reaching the bottom of a small gully, you see a quiet stream. The animal trail ends at the river. Memories of how the land used to look come to you, and after a moment, you get your bearings. Her grave is upstream.


She was Farra, the last true mystic that you know lived; she was one of the seers, fortune-makers and earth-brewers fatally punished for the crimes of witches. All practitioners were persecuted in the old days, undifferentiated. It's the cruel ones that are celebrated and remembered in the caricatures of Halloween decor tonight.


Along the way, you see a black silhouette against the trees, opposite of the bank. It lumbers towards you as you walk upstream — a large bear. Your hands reach for imaginary weapons at your waist, but you're not in your own body, and Stanley has nothing convenient for defense. A pressure in your head reminds you that he is still in there. All he has to offer is fear, and the desire to run. You're also considering spooking it off.
> You yell at the bear
Making yourself as tall as possible, you call at the bear. It lowers its head, staring at you across the distance, and stands resolutely still. You're not sure exactly how to follow up. You could make a careful retreat, hoping you'll find the gravesite without the aid of the river. Or, you could walk towards it, yelling aggressively, in an attempt to scare it away.
> You avoid the bear
Walking away might just be announcing your presence. Walking forward could be a threat. It's a gamble, but you'll take the safest bet possible. You start backing up and strafing to the tree line, ensuring your chest and eyes are always facing the bear. Your left foot lands on leaves, and you've made it to the trees. You probe blindly with your foot leading you uphill, watching all the while. Trees slowly begin to obscure your view, crowding in until there's no threat in sight. You sigh in relief. You'll have to give it a wide berth if you don't want to risk another encounter.


After a good hour of flattening bramble, you get on a long groove heading in the same direction. The trek is difficult on the body, which you figure isn't conditioned for much more than walking around the house on a regular basis. You find the stream again, confident that the bear is long behind you. Walking the graveled shore, you try to remember where to go.


There should be ferns...ferns, curled on end, growing in irregular circles. Nearby would be a headstone, if human activity hasn't ground it to dust. There never was a body beneath that grave; it was built as a tribute from those that knew her. It's only by the moon's influence, or forces stirring beneath the sandcastles of man, that this whole area remains untouched by concrete and steel. The stream, which in your time was a river, must be followed for a few more hours.


It's not an easygoing hike. You stop to recover your breath at many points along the route. It's well after midnight, so you'll only have a few hours left. Stanley senses the question and, no longer fighting, pushes forth ideas about checking the phone. Either he gave up, he's biding time before the next tantrum, or he's accepted that you're in charge. The screen indicates that you have four hours to find the site. However, you're beginning to have problems doing so. The trees are different, right down to their species. Nothing matches up with your antique memories. In the vegetation overhead, well above the leafless thistles, is an owl. It hoots when your eyes meet its gaze, throws out its wings, and descends rapidly towards you. It looks like it might collide with your face.
> You duck
The owl is probably trying to ward you away, so you shield your face and duck. It sweeps overhead, close enough to rake wind across your hair. You turn around to see where it went, but it's already out of sight. It must be hunting mice.


You pause to take inventory of your location, but the survey yields nothing for memory. Farra's grave could be a couple hours in any orientation from here. You begin to probe in different directions, hoping to see something indicative, something to spark a memory. An hour passes, then hours, and you become desperate. You'll be too far away to reach the site in time if you don't pick an angle at random and hope to run across it. You pick an arbitrary direction and walk.


The leaves grow wildly here, in the rustic colors of Autumn, still attached to branches for the most part. Patches of moss cling around their limbs. The floor is composed of mostly bramble. Time slips ever forward, all without results.


You can feel the encroaching emptiness of oblivion. You look mournfully as daylight forms a thin line on the horizon. There is no suitable place to harbor until next Halloween. The moon beckons you to the Otherside, and so you make your final astral light, leaving business unfinished. Stanley collapses to the ground from overwhelming weariness.


Sunlight wakes you around midday. You touch your head, blink, and shuffle around. He's gone, and you're back in control. You think about last night with a shiver and a touch of sorrow. At first he seemed mad, but that faded over time. The possession shattered so many things you thought were true about the world; you can hardly imagine the ramifications of what would happen had he accomplished his goal. But instead, the world will remain bleak, without the touch of magic. If you can be controlled by a ghost, that lends some credit to its claims, and you're inclined to believe them. You head off to the stream and follow it back until you hear the roar of the highway.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Walking away might just be announcing your presence. Walking forward could be a threat. It's a gamble, but you'll take the safest bet possible. You start backing up and strafing to the tree line, ensuring your chest and eyes are always facing the bear. Your left foot lands on leaves, and you've made it to the trees. You probe blindly with your foot leading you uphill, watching all the while. Trees slowly begin to obscure your view, crowding in until there's no threat in sight. You sigh in relief. You'll have to give it a wide berth if you don't want to risk another encounter.


After a good hour of flattening bramble, you get on a long groove heading in the same direction. The trek is difficult on the body, which you figure isn't conditioned for much more than walking around the house on a regular basis. You find the stream again, confident that the bear is long behind you. Walking the graveled shore, you try to remember where to go.


There should be ferns...ferns, curled on end, growing in irregular circles. Nearby would be a headstone, if human activity hasn't ground it to dust. There never was a body beneath that grave; it was built as a tribute from those that knew her. It's only by the moon's influence, or forces stirring beneath the sandcastles of man, that this whole area remains untouched by concrete and steel. The stream, which in your time was a river, must be followed for a few more hours.


It's not an easygoing hike. You stop to recover your breath at many points along the route. It's well after midnight, so you'll only have a few hours left. Stanley senses the question and, no longer fighting, pushes forth ideas about checking the phone. Either he gave up, he's biding time before the next tantrum, or he's accepted that you're in charge. The screen indicates that you have four hours to find the site. However, you're beginning to have problems doing so. The trees are different, right down to their species. Nothing matches up with your antique memories. In the vegetation overhead, well above the leafless thistles, is an owl. It hoots when your eyes meet its gaze, throws out its wings, and descends rapidly towards you. It looks like it might collide with your face.
> You don't duck
You decide not to duck. If it's an omen, you want to know. The owl bears down, but spreads its wings wide, right before collision, launching itself over your head. Your eyes follow the silent dart as it takes steep banks, carving an angular path through the trees.


“Thanks,” you whisper. A clear omen. You start in the direction it indicated. There is no pretense of a trail, and you are forced to bushwhack for another few hours until you reach a clearing. The longest blades of grass threaten to reach your shoulders, with regular clusters up to knee height. Moonlight dapples the primal scene, casting silhouettes from tall rocks. You remember them; the site is very close, now. You can see short foliage off to the left, all beginning to curl at different points along their length, to differing degrees. Those are the ferns, the same ferns, as you remember. You wade to them through the sea of grass, and the ground transitions to a mixture of trees, with ferns to fill the spaces between. You comb through them, searching for evidence of a grave.


You're leaning with fatigue by the time you find it, buried, hidden beneath them as though protected...little round rocks, separated many feet apart by cycles of growth and decay, freeze and thaw. You remember these, taken from the forest around you 1,000 years ago, and stacked around the headstone that's no longer here. Probably for the best, you think, that there are no workings of man here at all.


The stones are gathered, gently, and arranged into three circles: one for The Observer, who hovers above even now; one for The Forms, which include all aspects of nature; and one for The Provider, who will compete for the sky only hours from now. You build them around the ferns, and the work is done. There is no further reason to be here, and you rush away to the moon, who will catch your spirit before The Provider can burn it. Stanley collapses to the ground from overwhelming weariness.


Sunlight wakes you around midday. You touch your head, blink, and shuffle around. He's gone, and you're back in control. You can't help but shiver as you recall last night. That possession shattered so many things you thought were true about the world. You look at the sky, and The Provider beams down at you. You head off to the stream, and follow it back until you hear the roar of the highway.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Making yourself as tall as possible, you call at the bear. It lowers its head, staring at you across the distance, and stands resolutely still. You're not sure exactly how to follow up. You could make a careful retreat, hoping you'll find the gravesite without the aid of the river. Or, you could walk towards it, yelling aggressively, in an attempt to scare it away.
> You press towards the bear
Moving towards the bear is the best idea, you reason. You take some long strides forward, arms wide, and yell. The bear retracts a few feet in response, and you continue moving forward. It growls, stops walking backwards, and looks at you again. Except, this time you're pretty sure it's sizing you up as a threat. Then it starts walking at you.


Your confidence shatters when you realize you're in a losing situation. You try to strafe to the river, away from the trees, but the bear bounds after! There's no time to think — you leap in, wading fiercely to the other side. Before your hand can find purchase on the other side, claws separate the tissues in your back. Your head plunges underwater, and it finishes dissecting your torso.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You step off the manicured road and into the brush, sweeping spiderwebs as you move along the small path. A wintry gust riles branches into motion as the trail takes you on a curve over a steepening hill. You're forced to make switchbacks down to safely resume along the path below. Reaching the bottom of a small gully, you see a quiet stream. The animal trail ends at the river. Memories of how the land used to look come to you, and after a moment, you get your bearings. Her grave is upstream.


She was Farra, the last true mystic that you know lived; she was one of the seers, fortune-makers and earth-brewers fatally punished for the crimes of witches. All practitioners were persecuted in the old days, undifferentiated. It's the cruel ones that are celebrated and remembered in the caricatures of Halloween decor tonight.


Along the way, you see a black silhouette against the trees, opposite of the bank. It lumbers towards you as you walk upstream — a large bear. Your hands reach for imaginary weapons at your waist, but you're not in your own body, and Stanley has nothing convenient for defense. A pressure in your head reminds you that he is still in there. All he has to offer is fear, and the desire to run. You're also considering spooking it off.
> You flee
Walking at the bear can only end in disaster, so the best course of action is to run! You turn around and begin jogging away. Seconds later, you feel the heavy weight of the beast pressing its forepaws onto your back. It must've given chase, considering you prey. Your face smashes into the ground, hard. It proceeds to gouge away at your back.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Well it's not for everyone,” he admonishes. He goes on to describe his collection and the museum offer, which seems like little more than an acquisition by some eccentric. “I'm moving on to other collections,” he says, “sponges are really getting too popular now.” You don't ask more about it, but you're punished with additional details any time you stop moving.


The boxes in the hallway only serve to make the actual work harder. You've got three rooms overflowing with junk, which needs to be sorted, packed, and hoisted out of the way. Paul hovers around since he suddenly has nothing better to do, inventing all manner of new categories for these nick-knacks you couldn't possible surmise the need to keep. With all of his advice, the process goes well past the couple hours you were hoping for. You ask if you should come back another time, but he waves off the suggestion. He's engrossed in pouring over everything he forgot about, much to your dismay.


He turns the porch light off as the sky dims to night. Paul converts you into a candy funnel, fully exploiting the extent to which you like sugar. Eventually, you tell him you've had enough, and he says something about gaining weight if he were to eat all the candy.


You reach the third and last room, adorned with sets of bowling pins and an enormous collection of camping paraphernalia, among other things. You make some room on a relatively clean patch of letters for the first box when you see a curious pair of statues on a wall-mounted shelf. On the left is a knight in plate armor holding a longsword, tip down. Opposite of it is a hunched, faceless ghoul with balled fists and a flowing robe. They would've already been swept away, but the pewter statues both seem to have purple-tinted shadows. How is that possible? You reach to examine one of them.
> You shift the ghoul
Perhaps it's the featureless face, with its distended chin and vague indications of a scream, that draw your hand to the ghoul. As you graze the figure, a wash of callousness pours over you, followed with anger. By no means should you be paid only a hundred bucks for spending all day doing this chore! You dump the statues unceremoniously in a heap, flinging adjacent oddities from their perch on the shelf. The sound of impact and breakage draws Paul over.


“Hey! Be careful.” He touches your shoulder, and you spin around. “This job is worth more than a hundred,” you sneer. “I should get paid more, like two hundred.”


“Look Stanley, I can't do that much. If you really want to call it quits, I'll just give you the full hundred now,” he says. Part of you thinks he's being kind, but really, he's just making an excuse to get out of giving you what you deserve.
> You make a convincing counterargument
You rush him, or part of you does. You don't seem to be in control of your own body; that part of you is celled somewhere inside by a malicious force that's trying to kill Paul.


Waiting in that statue was an eternity. You're looking forward to this. The hands and legs are strong despite a lack of exercise. Stepping right up to Paul, you test a punch on his neck. He coughs, eyes wide in shock, and moves to cover it. He's still trying to choke out some words when you circle around and deliver a hard stomp to his lower spine — the hotspot for his arthritis. He's crying on the ground now, and you press information out of Stanley's conscience. Ah, he pulled the money jar out ahead of time and set it on the counter.


“Don't get up,” you advise, and run out to get the jar. You return, squatting and lauding the jar over his head. You frown, yanking his phone out of his hands. He hasn't dialed the police yet, good. You convert it to metal scrap with your shoe.


“Now then, ah yes. You were just going to pay me. I think this is fair, what do you say?” He shakes his head sadly. You kick it into compliance. Now his head bobs nicely up and down when you ask. Satisfied, you thank him and snap his neck. Stanley's presence is in the back of your head, whining and screaming about all of it. You'll be through with him soon enough.


You get into the car, reading Stanley's mind in its confused, unguarded state. It was an act, but a useful one; he's shocked now, and unlikely to offer much resistance for the time being. You turn the key and rumble the car onto some country roads leading to the highway. Kess knows more about keeping a prize body after Halloween's end. Last you knew, he was occupying a sorry vase in Greg's house, but Halloween is the one night with no restrictions, so he could potentially be anywhere.
> You find Kess
The car rolls down the highway in your search to meet up with Kess. He should be at the house with that deranged codger, where you were until a few years ago when he sold you to Paul. That old man would collect anything he thought was haunted, and his damnable superstitions make his mind impenetrable. On any night but Halloween, you can't do much to separate from your container without traveling through solids. There's no textbook on the physics of being a dead ethereal wisp, so everything you know is from years of watching others make mistakes. Kess probably has things under control by now.


You drive through a series of increasingly obscure backstreets until you arrive at the house, identified by its cheap metal roof and the oddments littering the yard. There's nobody outside, the lights are off, and the place remains undecorated. Maybe he's out trapping for ghosts or something. You park the car against the curb a house away.
> You try the front door
It's best if that old man Greg doesn't suspect you at all. He knows more facts about ghosts and the Otherside than probably anyone in a 200 mile radius. You jiggle the handle of the door. It's locked. You start knocking, but there's no response. He could be deeply involved in one of his queer study sessions as he so often was when you were a nick-knack on the wall. Creeping along the windows to see if he's home would instantly arouse suspicion, and he knows you're here, so it would be unwise.


A minute passes by. Even in a deep study, he should be shuffling to the door by now. Curiosity always gets the better of him, on many levels. Another minute passes, and you're beginning to doubt he's actually here when you catch the sounds of languished moaning emanating from the other side of the door.


Suddenly, it flings open, and you're greeted by not-Greg. It has many of his features, but it's taller, muscular, and a bold shade of red. The demon pierces your throat with the claw of a bony finger, and laughs. You exit from the body as an otherworldly wisp. Before you can dart away, you're siphoned into some kind of container shaped to look like a demon. The tug of the container far exceeds your ability to escape, and you get the curious notion that Greg meant to entrap it with this.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The car rolls down the highway in your search to meet up with Kess. He should be at the house with that deranged codger, where you were until a few years ago when he sold you to Paul. That old man would collect anything he thought was haunted, and his damnable superstitions make his mind impenetrable. On any night but Halloween, you can't do much to separate from your container without traveling through solids. There's no textbook on the physics of being a dead ethereal wisp, so everything you know is from years of watching others make mistakes. Kess probably has things under control by now.


You drive through a series of increasingly obscure backstreets until you arrive at the house, identified by its cheap metal roof and the oddments littering the yard. There's nobody outside, the lights are off, and the place remains undecorated. Maybe he's out trapping for ghosts or something. You park the car against the curb a house away.
> You peer in through the windows
You step out of the car and make your way up to the side of the house, walking over small twists of metal that seem to have fallen off a nearby piece of "lawn art". You duck under a window and take a peek from below. You see furniture: a television, an armchair, and a table, all swept to one side of the room. In their place, candles take the arrangement of a seance pattern. Greg, the old man, sits in the middle of the circle, forming words on his lips that you can't hear from outside. You lower your head out of view. What exactly is he trying to accomplish, you wonder, never having seen this before. But Greg always puts his best foot forward to anything he tries to accomplish, so unless he became senile in the last few years, he's not following a D.I.Y. occult recipe.


Trying the front door would be fruitless, given what he's up to. You could break in through a window or drive the car into the house. That's certainly one way to make an entrance.
> You break a window
Breaking in from a window is more sensible, you think. You lean down to collect a particularly jagged metal scrap from the lawn, admiring its potential uses as both a shiv and hammer. You take a good step back and heave it into the window, resulting in a loud but ineffectual thump. You drop it in favor of a concrete statue (it's upper half) shaped to look like a marsh witch. The makeshift ram puts a radial crack in the window that spiderwebs to the edges. Another hefty run does it in, throwing glass shards around like the spray of a champagne bottle. Picking up the shiv-hammer, you climb through the window and run up to Greg. He's still chanting gibberish that means as much to you as it did when you couldn't hear it. You plunge the sharp end of the metal fragment in his flesh, pressing in with both hands to grind it into his organs. To your surprise, he holds it from going further, and looks at you with contempt.


“Who are you and why are you interfering with me, ghost?” A metallic voice questions from beyond. Greg pushes the metal out of his chest, overpowering your arm strength. The wound begins to heal of its own accord. “Just a little longer, and then I'll play your games.” It looks like Greg's goal was to get possessed by some creature. He always was a nut job, so you're not too surprised. Whatever is currently transferring into his body is as weak now as it will ever be, and still has the strength to control some limbs. You don't know what it is, but you hardly want to wait and find out.
> You try to halt the possession
It looks like Greg is unable to move for the time being. You start kicking over the candles around the circle, which earns you a scowl. A heap of unrelated baubles and clothing lay in a pile near the circle. Only some of them cast purple shadows...an offering for the possession, maybe? The ghosts left must be too afraid to leave their containers, for fear of being absorbed or exchanged as currency for the arrival of this being. You kick the pile away, and Greg's face twists with anger. He continues chanting.


You walk around him. He shifts in place to face you, but he has to lift himself only with his hands. It's easy enough to outpace his clumsy hand-turning. You circle around and catch him in the neck with the shiv, snapping through the vocal cord. He screams hoarsely and then goes quiet. Something arises from the body, juxtaposed between the house and its distant origin. It's stuck, halfway between the planes. You laugh — a mixture of spite and satisfaction. The red mist can only quiver in place. Greg's left hand goes limp, releasing a stone figurine with demonic features. It looks like it could've been the catalyst that started the whole thing. You switch over to the blunt end of your shiv-hammer implement and slam it down.


With Greg taken care of, you move on to the clutter around the house. With so many haunted objects, you do all your sifting through the rubber insulation of your shoe. Direct contact is the easiest way to get possessed, and you're not sure how strong you are against some of the spirits in this house, especially after putting an end to that.


“Kess. Come out and jump into a convenient vessel so I can carry you off to a habitable body.” He needs an actual mouth to relay information, and it's just about the only leverage you have to get information out of him to help yourself. From your mortal years, you know he doesn't give things out for free. A pale cloud snakes out from a flashlight, circles, and returns. “If you're not Kess, I will personally return you to the Otherside. Come out again if you want to confirm who you are.” It does. You grab the flashlight with your sleeve.
> You visit the neighbors
If the neighbors next door are around, one of them would do. You walk up to the nearest house, blue-trimmed and nice in stark contrast to Greg's, and knock at the door. At first, there's no response, and you're waiting impatiently under the yellow porch light. A young girl answers the door; she must be around ten. You put your foot in the doorway and lean forward, touching the flashlight to her arm. She stands still for a moment, then closes the door. Just in case something goes wrong, you walk back out to the street, casually returning to Greg's. A light goes on. A minute passes, and it turns off. A man steps out from behind the door and walks over.


“Kess?” you inquire.


“Yeah.”


Now that he's got a mouth, you want your answers. “I need to know how to push out a conscience,” you bluntly state. “The original. So I can live in this body through and past sleep, if you wouldn't mind sharing.”


“Thanks for the body, by the way. I'll have to go find something to do that myself. I'll be leaving you to do the same, Viktor. After all, there's only so much time left in the night, and I can't risk wasting it to train you on the few things I learned at old Greg's mad house,” Kess replies. “I suppose if you promise to pay me, wherever I go, so I can live a stable life without work, that would be fine by me. Just for a lifetime, mind you. Say what you need to now. I've got to get this done as soon as possible.”


There aren't many options. It's a promise to work for Kess in exchange for a permanent secret to immortality — the kind you thought you'd get when you first became a ghost. There's no guarantee of success, especially when his host has a lot of willpower. The alternative is to likely end up haunting a trinket for yet another year. All activities that delve into dark mysticism tend to carry the risk of oblivion when they go wrong, which is something you're not looking forward to.
> You search for answers at Greg's
“I'll pass, Kess. I've got my own ideas on how to make this last.” He shrugs, walking back inside with you. After a moment of fumbling around, he snatches the keys to Greg's car and takes his leave. You're standing alone in the house, with its bipolar arrangements and the cold draft coming in through the window. You snuff some of the candles still burning around the summoning circle. You collect them up to an unassuming dining room table, swiping off heaps of paper and clutter. This will be your study chamber for the coming hours.


The first few are spent congregating all the books roaming the floors and ranging across shelves. There are several hundreds of them. More time yet is devoted to turning through the table of contents for most of them, discarding the ones that seem least related to your goal. Except for a few outliers describing the history of famous hauntings (both places and people), the majority are a mixture of conjectured witchcraft and psychosis. On the Indigo Plains sounds like a vision of the Otherside through the lens of a horror narrative. Inhaling Immortality comes across as someone's power trip fantasy; you know all too well the restrictions of ghosthood. You continue on through the mostly handwritten books, reading the chicken scratch edits in the page gutters. A Compilation on Ghost Theory seems to be little different than the baseless hypothesizing of other volumes. But, in frenetic, fine sharpie are little notes. A chill tingles your neck and spine. The notes and their descriptions...these were written by the mind of another ghost.


You lean in, scooting the candle closer, and take a deep read. Stanley is in there somewhere, exerting his maximum force to expell you. Your concentration is partitioned between the book and maintaining bodily dominance; time flows by. The portal between the mortal realm and the Otherside yawns open only once a year, on Halloween. When it closes, it brings finality to any ghost without a physical tether.


You glance out the defunct window. The sky is rising into a deep blue color, and your head is bobbing dangerously in sleep deprivation. Stanley is likely to awaken at a different time than you...if he wakes up first, he'll probably send you to oblivion.
> You inhabit an object for another year
You sigh. It's time to pack it in. Regretfully, you depart from Stanley. He falls immediately to sleep. You follow suit, waiting just long enough to ensure he's not watching. In your lassitude, you slide into one of the many books scattered around. Some come in to clean up the body, and an investigation follows. Dutiful feet mince across the floor, and then they're absent, none approaching the bookshelf or your particular prison. Winter passes into the new year. All the while, you're stranded in isolation.


June rolls around, and new feet enter the house. You overhear something about an estate sale, but you're goaded into the garbage by gloves you can't travel through, apparently unworthy. The garbage comes to a processing center, where standard procedures stymie any hope of direct possession. Eventually, you reach your final destination in landfill, waiting for the next outing. But sometime in all that isolation, you lost count of the current day, and there's no one around to remind you, not for miles.


It's the little things that damn us the most.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“I'll pass, Kess. I've got my own ideas on how to make this last.” He shrugs, walking back inside with you. After a moment of fumbling around, he snatches the keys to Greg's car and takes his leave. You're standing alone in the house, with its bipolar arrangements and the cold draft coming in through the window. You snuff some of the candles still burning around the summoning circle. You collect them up to an unassuming dining room table, swiping off heaps of paper and clutter. This will be your study chamber for the coming hours.


The first few are spent congregating all the books roaming the floors and ranging across shelves. There are several hundreds of them. More time yet is devoted to turning through the table of contents for most of them, discarding the ones that seem least related to your goal. Except for a few outliers describing the history of famous hauntings (both places and people), the majority are a mixture of conjectured witchcraft and psychosis. On the Indigo Plains sounds like a vision of the Otherside through the lens of a horror narrative. Inhaling Immortality comes across as someone's power trip fantasy; you know all too well the restrictions of ghosthood. You continue on through the mostly handwritten books, reading the chicken scratch edits in the page gutters. A Compilation on Ghost Theory seems to be little different than the baseless hypothesizing of other volumes. But, in frenetic, fine sharpie are little notes. A chill tingles your neck and spine. The notes and their descriptions...these were written by the mind of another ghost.


You lean in, scooting the candle closer, and take a deep read. Stanley is in there somewhere, exerting his maximum force to expell you. Your concentration is partitioned between the book and maintaining bodily dominance; time flows by. The portal between the mortal realm and the Otherside yawns open only once a year, on Halloween. When it closes, it brings finality to any ghost without a physical tether.


You glance out the defunct window. The sky is rising into a deep blue color, and your head is bobbing dangerously in sleep deprivation. Stanley is likely to awaken at a different time than you...if he wakes up first, he'll probably send you to oblivion.
> You finish the study
The weight crowning your neck is like a bowling ball. Your shoulders slouch, and your head bobs with the nearness of rest. It would be intriguing, at any other time, to muse why even the unnatural possessor of a body is subject to lethargy. You finish the rest of the script and give your head a tired shake. You traipse through the glassless void, out to the backyard, and collect a shorn length of wrought iron from the scatterings. It comes to an agreeable, liberating point. You plunge it through a lung, howling and coughing up blood. The pain fries thought and, for a while, the two of you suffer in unison. But having endured much worse pains, you recover first. With a great heave, the essence of Stanley is ousted. The adrenaline runs dry a few minutes later.


You rouse to consciousness, and crack a smile. Stanley is truly gone. Then you notice the chain connecting your wrist to the bed, and the officer in the corner. It looks like they identified Greg's murderer. You reach out to touch the nurse's wrist as she gets close, finding...you can still transfer over.


You read about it all a few weeks later. Man suddenly dies after self-inflicted wounds. Doctors baffled. The story goes on to describe how the nurse felt a powerful, almost supernatural feeling as the young man passed away. The officer was so disturbed that he left the room and stabbed himself later that night. He said it was an unrelated event, that his life was just too hectic. His family was surprised when they heard how it all shook down. It doesn't mention that he resigned from the police force, that he pushed away his close family so they'd believe a radical shift in personality later, or anything about the numerous times he broke out into hectic laughter when he came to thinking that he actually did it.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>If the neighbors next door are around, one of them would do. You walk up to the nearest house, blue-trimmed and nice in stark contrast to Greg's, and knock at the door. At first, there's no response, and you're waiting impatiently under the yellow porch light. A young girl answers the door; she must be around ten. You put your foot in the doorway and lean forward, touching the flashlight to her arm. She stands still for a moment, then closes the door. Just in case something goes wrong, you walk back out to the street, casually returning to Greg's. A light goes on. A minute passes, and it turns off. A man steps out from behind the door and walks over.


“Kess?” you inquire.


“Yeah.”


Now that he's got a mouth, you want your answers. “I need to know how to push out a conscience,” you bluntly state. “The original. So I can live in this body through and past sleep, if you wouldn't mind sharing.”


“Thanks for the body, by the way. I'll have to go find something to do that myself. I'll be leaving you to do the same, Viktor. After all, there's only so much time left in the night, and I can't risk wasting it to train you on the few things I learned at old Greg's mad house,” Kess replies. “I suppose if you promise to pay me, wherever I go, so I can live a stable life without work, that would be fine by me. Just for a lifetime, mind you. Say what you need to now. I've got to get this done as soon as possible.”


There aren't many options. It's a promise to work for Kess in exchange for a permanent secret to immortality — the kind you thought you'd get when you first became a ghost. There's no guarantee of success, especially when his host has a lot of willpower. The alternative is to likely end up haunting a trinket for yet another year. All activities that delve into dark mysticism tend to carry the risk of oblivion when they go wrong, which is something you're not looking forward to.
> You agree to the deal
“Fine,” you reply. Sifting through the disarrayed contents of Greg's house, you search for the keys to his four-seater vehicle. Kess finds them first, on a surprisingly tidy nightstand in the bedroom. You climb into the passenger side, the engine turns over, and he begins driving.


The car gets onto the freeway and heads North, away from town. After the first ten minutes, your mind departs from immediate concerns. Your thoughts start to linger on well-trodden grounds of uncertainty. Will you be vested in life, in lives, jumping from host to host ad nauseam? Will you ever feel that the inherited families are your own, or will you file them away as relics of the old hosts?


Kess interrupts the silence with his own thoughts. “So Viktor,” he begins, “let me tell you how things are going to work. We're going to drive up to Hyacinth Beach because I heard about it in one of Greg's ravings. We'll be away from the sand, up higher and into hills where there's some old military bunker. I know that area should have a portal somewhere that connects to the Otherside.”


“No way. How do you know you even exist after you cross through it? All I know about it is black nothingness. We were there with the witches when we saw it.”


“As if I'd forget a crucial moment in my life. I don't plan on finding out if there's an afterlife behind the curtain. It's possible to separate the host into the portal.” Kess replies. “I know the actions required.”


The drive is broken up with Stanley's brief, sporadic reminders that he doesn't appreciate having his mind sequestered away. It's interesting how much you appreciate downtime on the only eventful night since last year. The sky hovers above, the roads sits below, and the whole world flits between. Kess cruises along for another half-hour before pulling into a residential network of streets. There's a medley of developments both new and historic along the downhill route.


He pulls around an inclined bend to the right, drifting to the side of the road. The moon beams down from the clear sky, throwing muted light across the grass on a nearby hill. You march towards it, revealing the corner of a forgotten concrete bunker as you crest a minor mound. Kess stands beside you, pointing indecisively at one corner of the building and another, trying to remember further details. At last, you follow him into the main entrance. You stop to listen for signs of occupancy. Hearing nothing, the two of you walk purposefully down a hall, using phones for illumination. Kess immediately locates the anomaly in a gray, featureless crate of a room, with white scratchings on otherwise indistinguishable walls. Something black burbles, suspended, in the corner. It has a wispy outer atmosphere, always curling and reaching. The heart is an inscrutable black canvas, wider and taller than any person, roiling inwards. It really is a fragment of the Otherside. How did it get here?


As you stare at its stark presence, a sound chimes off the walls somewhere outside.
> You investigate the noise
If that noise means someone is approaching this room, they're less than ten seconds away. There's no point in going through with Kess's plans just to be interrupted. With a quick nod, you smooth yourselves against the wall, looking out around the corner. The shuffling of many legs fades into earshot. In the dull light they carry, you see two men and a woman, probably in their twenties. The woman is holding opposite ends of something rectangular, which you can't make out in a passing glimpse. They're definitely headed this way, and neither of you have a viable weapon.
> You announce your presence
“Hello?” you inquire at them. The footsteps all come to a sudden halt, without reply. A light beams in your direction. You and Kess step out into the hallway, surveying the crowd of three. The tougher-looking guy on the left has a denim jacket; his counterpart is wearing a hoodie. The woman between them is wearing black jeans and holding an unlabeled book. Kess shoots you a look that suggests diplomacy wasn't his first choice.


“All done with the sight-seeing?” asks the one with a hoodie. “We've got things to do.” The other guy fishes a knife from his coat, with some difficulty, holding it at his side. Damn, you'll have to talk your way out of this somehow.
> You say "Careful, friends. We're not what you think."
“So what are you, then?” the woman asks. Her buddies shift around expectantly.
> You say "We're ghosts."
In response, the woman throws something to each of you. You snag it from the air without thinking. Kess lets it clatter, chipping as it hits the floor. You open your palm to see a small figurine, of green painted stone, and shaped like a head. Then, some force draws at you and you're snapped out of the body as invisible reigns tighten; the statue siphons the loose spirit.


You overhear nothing, but with Kess being outnumbered, you could guess he's stuck in a statue now, too. Your prison is absolutely silent, with no windows to see out of, and no parol. A year passes, or maybe just a month. Then another, and another. You've been listening to your own memories for so long that every single one feels overplayed, but there's nothing new to tune in. There's no chink, no exploitable deformity, in these walls.


You begin to pray for release, even oblivion. Then, after some incalculable tract of time, the walls suddenly give way, and you hurtle through the boundary...into a familiar black nexus, sacrificed as part of some dark liturgy.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“So what are you, then?” the woman asks. Her buddies shift around expectantly.
> You say "The nether lords of another realm."
She looks askance at you. “That's really hard to believe. Do you have any evidence?” They're definitely practicing witchcraft with that book, you figure. If they believe the lie long enough to even ask, they can surely be made to leave. Kess speaks up.


“We opened the portal,” he says. “Now we've come back to use it. Are you volunteering to be part of our work? We could use a few upstart witches.” He stares as though the verbal transaction has bored him already.


She stays silent, wanting to dismiss the claim but afraid of the consequences. She works towards a response. “Sorry, but we were really hoping to use it and for a fairly quick thing, so would you mind we do that?” After a second thought, she adds “after you, if it's short, we hope.” Her companions move around, agitated.
> You say "No."
She believes the lie well enough to stay her feet, but the jacket-wearing guy starts rotating a knife. He looks like he's willing to get involved in some havoc.


“Fuck this, you're not nether lords, and there's no such thing,” he calls out. He points the knife threateningly at you, ten feet away.
> You say "BEGONE! M'yuh sha takyeh, gos ney'sa raktur..."
You swing your arms wide, angling down your hands to point fingers at your audience, and shout. You flip your eyes up, obscuring the pupils, and begin muttering gibberish, hoping the presentation bears effect. The group begins to backpedal out of the bunker, and you increase your voice to compensate. They turn and bolt.


The sound of rubber on concrete fades soon enough, and you step back into the room with Kess. “They're either waiting at the entrance or a short distance away,” you mention.


“Oh, absolutely.” He draws in some air. “Any time you're ready then, Viktor. Stand about two feet from the portal.”


You walk over to its effervescing surface. Kess produces a sewing needle that he must've filched before leaving the house. He instructs you to open your hand. The needle dips in, under the skin, and emerges with a crimson droplet balanced at the end.


“Now touch it to the portal and exhale your little puppet.”


As you do so, the wisps are drawn to the blood, and begin to eddy ominously around the pin. Stanley fights again, predictably weak despite his striving, as you breathe out. The wisps swirl in, to your throat and clutch at something unreal, or not quite of the same material as the world, withdrawing it, and Stanley's presence dulls away to nothing. Kess follows suit.


It's a strange feeling to own a body again, as the owner rather than the intruder. It's pretty evil, you acknowledge, that you sent Stanley to the Otherside when you fear it yourself. On the other hand, it's just survival, and you shelve the remorse, happy to return to the flitting world once more.


No witches greet you as you leave the compound, and you part ways with Kess. The transgressions of that night get you labeled the prime suspect for murder, forcing you to flee to other areas. You make friends again, getting caught up in the world of boating, among other simplicities you've forgotten you enjoy. You have to move now and then to evade notice from officials who might connect you to the past, but you manage to escape dicey situations. You pay Kess now and then through a cryptocurrency account he directed you to use, keeping your end of the bargain.


Thirty years pass, and you've grown fond of living. It's more peaceful than your original life, which is difficult to remember among your new, competing memories. Time keeps flowing onward, putting wrinkles on your face and pain in your joints. Looking back, having just turned eighty, is a funny feeling. It doesn't feel like much time passed at all. Still, a thought nips at the surface of your mind, suggesting you need to move onto a new host. Only, your life has been a little different this time around. It has been peaceful, and you think it would sting you a little more now, knowing how good life can be, to take another's.
> You find a host and live again
Still, the thought of death is haunting. You tell your friends that you're going on vacation, mellow at the thought of leaving them behind, and get into your vehicle. You begin to make your way back, old now, to that same bunker near the beach, where you expect to find the portal on Halloween. Even if the murder case is cold, flight security makes you nervous, and you find it's still a pleasant drive across country.


Halloween rolls around, and you check out of the hotel. You hand the hotel card, a pin, and your keys to the reception clerk, touching the back of his hand and transferring over. Your old body falls, aged and lifeless, on the opposite side of the desk. The man has few superstitions, and his mind is easily dominated. You excuse yourself from work, and the day carries on.


Clouds ride in on a rain front in the late afternoon. You get on course to Hyacinth Beach, a little over an hour away, driving through bouts of rain under a clouded sky. There are more buildings in the neighborhood around the beach. Some of the oldest ones have been scrubbed away, making room for the future. The bunker itself, dim under a clouded sky, is etched with the slow passing of time. Additional cracks spider across the walls, filled with peeking moss.


You walk into the room, expecting to see nothing. There it is, a quivering hole to nowhere, passively violating all expeditions of science. The host squirms at its sight, but can't escape. The needle prods flesh, and the host is exhumed from your lungs, only to be snuffed by the hungry emptiness before you.


It's unfortunate, but it's survival.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You swing your arms wide, angling down your hands to point fingers at your audience, and shout. You flip your eyes up, obscuring the pupils, and begin muttering gibberish, hoping the presentation bears effect. The group begins to backpedal out of the bunker, and you increase your voice to compensate. They turn and bolt.


The sound of rubber on concrete fades soon enough, and you step back into the room with Kess. “They're either waiting at the entrance or a short distance away,” you mention.


“Oh, absolutely.” He draws in some air. “Any time you're ready then, Viktor. Stand about two feet from the portal.”


You walk over to its effervescing surface. Kess produces a sewing needle that he must've filched before leaving the house. He instructs you to open your hand. The needle dips in, under the skin, and emerges with a crimson droplet balanced at the end.


“Now touch it to the portal and exhale your little puppet.”


As you do so, the wisps are drawn to the blood, and begin to eddy ominously around the pin. Stanley fights again, predictably weak despite his striving, as you breathe out. The wisps swirl in, to your throat and clutch at something unreal, or not quite of the same material as the world, withdrawing it, and Stanley's presence dulls away to nothing. Kess follows suit.


It's a strange feeling to own a body again, as the owner rather than the intruder. It's pretty evil, you acknowledge, that you sent Stanley to the Otherside when you fear it yourself. On the other hand, it's just survival, and you shelve the remorse, happy to return to the flitting world once more.


No witches greet you as you leave the compound, and you part ways with Kess. The transgressions of that night get you labeled the prime suspect for murder, forcing you to flee to other areas. You make friends again, getting caught up in the world of boating, among other simplicities you've forgotten you enjoy. You have to move now and then to evade notice from officials who might connect you to the past, but you manage to escape dicey situations. You pay Kess now and then through a cryptocurrency account he directed you to use, keeping your end of the bargain.


Thirty years pass, and you've grown fond of living. It's more peaceful than your original life, which is difficult to remember among your new, competing memories. Time keeps flowing onward, putting wrinkles on your face and pain in your joints. Looking back, having just turned eighty, is a funny feeling. It doesn't feel like much time passed at all. Still, a thought nips at the surface of your mind, suggesting you need to move onto a new host. Only, your life has been a little different this time around. It has been peaceful, and you think it would sting you a little more now, knowing how good life can be, to take another's.
> You move on
You've enjoyed the benefits of two lifetimes. This one, you've truly lived. You wouldn't deprive someone of the opportunity, now.


More years pass, bringing new problems. Life is slow, hobbling around with a cane. You feel like your mind is worn down. Memory becomes difficult. You're in the decay part of the lifecycle, and you intend to ride it all the way out.


Another five years pass. On a typical day in Autumn, you return from an excursion to the store. A few days later, you develop a wet cough. You're admitted to intensive care with a life-threatening case of pneumonia. The condition seems stable for a week, but sharply worsens thereafter.


On the ninth day, between fitful coughs, you die. You don't see it, but you feel the tug of those mysterious gates that all souls are drawn to when the body expires, and enter the Otherside.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>She believes the lie well enough to stay her feet, but the jacket-wearing guy starts rotating a knife. He looks like he's willing to get involved in some havoc.


“Fuck this, you're not nether lords, and there's no such thing,” he calls out. He points the knife threateningly at you, ten feet away.
> You look at him completely unimpressed
You relax all the muscles of your face, looking on with sheer disinterest. He's short-tempered, and the guise isn't good enough. He runs at you, beating away your arms with ease, and plunges the knife just under your heart. You scream! The knife twists, and a miniature obelisk goes sailing through the air at you. Your killer reaches a hand up to grab it, then wrenches open one of your fists, forcing you to hold the stone. He smiles as some force draws at you, and you're snapped out of the body as invisible reigns tighten; the statue siphons the loose spirit.


You overhear nothing, but with Kess being outnumbered, you could guess he's stuck in an obelisk now, too. Your prison is absolutely silent, with no windows to see out of, and no parol. A year passes, or maybe just a month. Then another, and another. You've been listening to your own memories for so long that every single one feels overplayed, but there's nothing new to tune in. There's no chink, no exploitable deformity, in the marble surface.


You begin to pray for release, even oblivion. Then, after some incalculable tract of time, the walls suddenly give way, and you hurtle through the boundary...into a familiar black nexus, sacrificed as part of some dark liturgy.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>She looks askance at you. “That's really hard to believe. Do you have any evidence?” They're definitely practicing witchcraft with that book, you figure. If they believe the lie long enough to even ask, they can surely be made to leave. Kess speaks up.


“We opened the portal,” he says. “Now we've come back to use it. Are you volunteering to be part of our work? We could use a few upstart witches.” He stares as though the verbal transaction has bored him already.


She stays silent, wanting to dismiss the claim but afraid of the consequences. She works towards a response. “Sorry, but we were really hoping to use it and for a fairly quick thing, so would you mind we do that?” After a second thought, she adds “after you, if it's short, we hope.” Her companions move around, agitated.
> You say "I will permit this, but you must not peer at our work if you value living."
The group begrudgingly retreats to linger elsewhere, hoping to overhear the results of your work with the portal. Good.


Kess leans in to quietly pass instructions. “Any time you're ready then, Viktor. Stand about two feet from the portal.”


You walk over to its effervescing surface. He produces a sewing needle that he must've filched before leaving the house. He instructs you to open your hand. The needle dips in, under the skin, and emerges with a crimson droplet balanced at the end.


“Now touch it to the portal and exhale your little puppet,” he whispers.


As you do so, the wisps are drawn to the blood, and begin to eddy ominously around the pin. Stanley fights again, predictably weak despite his striving, as you breathe out. The wisps swirl in, to your throat and clutch at something unreal, or not quite of the same material as the world, withdrawing it, and Stanley's presence dulls away to nothing. Kess follows suit.


It's a strange feeling to own a body again, as the owner rather than the intruder. It's pretty evil, you acknowledge, that you sent Stanley to the Otherside when you fear it yourself. On the other hand, it's just survival, and you shelve the remorse, happy to return to the flitting world once more.


You walk out of the room, passing by the group of three on your way out. “Go ahead,” Kess tells them.


The two of you part ways. The transgressions of that night get you labeled the prime suspect for murder, and you're forced to flee to other areas. You make friends again, getting caught up in the world of boating, among other simplicities you've forgotten you enjoy. You have to move now and then to evade notice from officials who might connect you to the past, but you manage to escape dicey situations. You pay Kess now and then through a cryptocurrency account he directed you to use, keeping your end of the bargain.


Thirty years pass, and you've grown fond of living. It's more peaceful than your original life, which is difficult to remember among your new, competing memories. Time keeps flowing onward, putting wrinkles on your face and pain in your joints. Looking back, having just turned eighty, is a funny feeling. It doesn't feel like much time passed at all. Still, a thought nips at the surface of your mind, suggesting you need to move onto a new host. Only, your life has been a little different this time around. It has been peaceful, and you think it would sting you a little more now, knowing how good life can be, to take another's.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“So what are you, then?” the woman asks. Her buddies shift around expectantly.
> You say "Demons, as patient as they come."
The group looks unconvinced, but the lady seems to be weighing the possibility. The threat isn't lost on her. “How long do you think you'll be?” she asks.
> You say "A short while."
“I don't believe you,” she says. “About being demons. No demon is so compliant without offering a deal.” The guy to her left fiddles with a pocket on his jacket, fishing out a knife, then springs at Kess. He moves to block his opponent, but the man has fought with a knife before, and knocks away his defenses. A quick swivel of the torso keeps it out of knife reach, and they continue with the deadly dance.


The hooded one starts running at you, now, though he is equally unarmed. He stops just outside the radius of your arm, moving back and forth looking for an opening, but you adjust position quickly. You move towards him, forcing engagement, and let him make a kick at you. You run as soon as he starts the motion, knocking his leg away and driving knuckles into his sorry throat. A few additional hits end him utterly, and you move onto the witch with the book.


She's holding it in both hands, verbalizing a string of syllables adhering to no modern language. A rapid check on surroundings reveals that Kess has a knick on his arm, cutting through the fabric, and exhaustion in his defenses. You make a crunch decision.
> You go after the witch
You rush the witch before she can finish her incantation. She takes off at a sprint, shutting the book and tracking the page with her finger. You run after her, wondering if Kess will be alive when you return. As you close the distance, she flings the book at you, hoping it will slow you down. You watch her continue to run as you stoop down to grab it. There's no need to pin another murder on you so quickly.


You rush down the bunker hallway, running into a figure on his way out. He goes to stab with the knife; it skids off the hardcover surface of the book, which then meets his face. You follow up with an opportune strike to his wrist, disarming him, and pick up the knife as he grabs your back. To avoid getting kneed in the head, you collapse and pull him down, twisting in the process, to put him in a prone position. A fist cracks you in the temple, but the sure sound of the knife sliding into flesh secures your victory. You turn him over as blood weeps out, and stand, pinning him underfoot, until he becomes irrelevant.


Kess is backed to the wall, holding a hand over his wound. “Little known fact,” he says, “Ghosts aren't just subject to the laws of sleep and memory loss. If you die in a body, you die with the host. So, if I do, take this needle and poke the center of your palm. Hold the blood drop in the Otherside and exhale your host. Please find someone!” You chuck the book in a random room in case the witch comes back, and leave to find a nearby victim. You're hardly going to leave him to die.


You return to Kess a little over ten minutes later, finding he's still awake. The youth you're holding onto heaves, throwing all his weight away and towards you, trying to trip out of your grasp. You subdue his thrashing long enough to get a steady connection to Kess's dying body. The adolescent twists, even more violently, breaking your grasp. His spasms last seconds, and then he stands with newly-restored composure, and all the mannerisms that follow Kess through his hosts.


“Thanks. That was hellish. I thought I was going to die.” Kess exhasperates. You nod. “Any time you're ready then, Viktor. Stand about two feet from the portal,” he adds.


You walk over to its effervescing surface. He scours the old host for a sewing needle that he must've filched before leaving the house, and instructs you to open your hand. The needle dips in, under the skin, and emerges with a crimson droplet balanced at the end.


“Now touch it to the portal and exhale your little puppet.”


As you do so, the wisps are drawn to the blood, and begin to eddy ominously around the pin. Stanley fights again, predictably weak despite his striving, as you breathe out. The wisps swirl in, to your throat and clutch at something unreal, or not quite of the same material as the world, withdrawing it, and Stanley's presence dulls away to nothing. Kess follows suit, bidding an early goodbye to his adolescent host.


It's a strange feeling to own a body again, as the owner rather than the intruder. It's pretty evil, you acknowledge, that you sent Stanley and, indirectly, that teen to the Otherside when you fear it yourself. On the other hand, it's just survival, and you shelve the remorse, happy to return to the flitting world once more.


The two of you part ways. The transgressions of that night get you labeled the prime suspect of two murders, and you're forced to flee to other areas. You make friends again, a few per year, lying low most of the time to avoid notice. Simple hobbies take your interest in the off-time, like Lego construction and board games. You move now and then as years pass, escaping dicey situations including background checks. You pay Kess now and then through a cryptocurrency account he directed you to use, keeping your end of the bargain.


Thirty years pass, and you've grown fond of living. It's more peaceful than your original life, which is difficult to remember among your new, competing memories. Time keeps flowing onward, putting wrinkles on your face and pain in your joints. Looking back, having just turned eighty, is a funny feeling. It doesn't feel like much time passed at all. Still, a thought nips at the surface of your mind, suggesting you need to move onto a new host. Only, your life has been a little different this time around. It has been peaceful, and you think it would sting you a little more now, knowing how good life can be, to take another's.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“I don't believe you,” she says. “About being demons. No demon is so compliant without offering a deal.” The guy to her left fiddles with a pocket on his jacket, fishing out a knife, then springs at Kess. He moves to block his opponent, but the man has fought with a knife before, and knocks away his defenses. A quick swivel of the torso keeps it out of knife reach, and they continue with the deadly dance.


The hooded one starts running at you, now, though he is equally unarmed. He stops just outside the radius of your arm, moving back and forth looking for an opening, but you adjust position quickly. You move towards him, forcing engagement, and let him make a kick at you. You run as soon as he starts the motion, knocking his leg away and driving knuckles into his sorry throat. A few additional hits end him utterly, and you move onto the witch with the book.


She's holding it in both hands, verbalizing a string of syllables adhering to no modern language. A rapid check on surroundings reveals that Kess has a knick on his arm, cutting through the fabric, and exhaustion in his defenses. You make a crunch decision.
> You keep Kess alive
If Kess continues to fight alone, he'll die. Then at the very least, the two of you would be objects for another year, since he wouldn't be able to act upon or convey the ritual. That's with the optimism that someone thumbs through a few haunted objects on Halloween.


You flank the knife assailant, striking at the underside of his ribcage. He shifts an elbow to cover, only to be clocked by a sidewinding fist. The ceiling begins to undulate with the witch's foreign enunciations. Shrivaled roots curl out from the floor, ratcheting over your feet with a paranormally strong bond. She walks forward, still speaking. The roots bow away from her feet, or lay flat to be stepped on, as she approaches.


As her wicked chant continues, the ground beneath you begins to roll, sideways, washing you against the wall, where additional roots spring forth and pin you down. She retrieves a short kris from a bag at her waist, and runs it into your heart. You feel a spreading warmth...then welling pain. The moment is fleeting, and you transition from panic to stillness. Thoughts fire in your head at random; among them, the feeling that you didn't make it, didn't make it... <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The group looks unconvinced, but the lady seems to be weighing the possibility. The threat isn't lost on her. “How long do you think you'll be?” she asks.
> You say "Too many questions."
You sneer disdainfully with the delivery of your message. The group seems skeptical, but after a few seconds of back-and-forth, it looks like they're buying the act. They settle outside of the room. Figuring they're eavesdropping, Kess leans in to quietly pass instructions. “Any time you're ready then, Viktor. Stand about two feet from the portal.”


You walk over to its effervescing surface. He produces a sewing needle that he must've filched before leaving the house. He instructs you to open your hand. The needle dips in, under the skin, and emerges with a crimson droplet balanced at the end.


“Now touch it to the portal and exhale your little puppet,” he whispers.


As you do so, the wisps are drawn to the blood, and begin to eddy ominously around the pin. Stanley fights again, predictably weak despite his striving, as you breathe out. The wisps swirl in, to your throat and clutch at something unreal, or not quite of the same material as the world, withdrawing it, and Stanley's presence dulls away to nothing. Kess follows suit.


It's a strange feeling to own a body again, as the owner rather than the intruder. It's pretty evil, you acknowledge, that you sent Stanley to the Otherside when you fear it yourself. On the other hand, it's just survival, and you shelve the remorse, happy to return to the flitting world once more.


You walk out of the room, passing by the group of three on your way out, saying nothing.


The two of you part ways. The transgressions of that night get you labeled the prime suspect for murder, and you're forced to flee to other areas. You make friends again, getting caught up in the world of chess, among other simplicities you've forgotten you enjoy. You have to move now and then to evade notice from officials who might connect you to the past, but you manage to escape dicey situations. You pay Kess now and then through a cryptocurrency account he directed you to use, keeping your end of the bargain.


Thirty years pass, and you've grown fond of living. It's more peaceful than your original life, which is difficult to remember among your new, competing memories. Time keeps flowing onward, putting wrinkles on your face and pain in your joints. Looking back, having just turned eighty, is a funny feeling. It doesn't feel like much time passed at all. Still, a thought nips at the surface of your mind, suggesting you need to move onto a new host. Only, your life has been a little different this time around. It has been peaceful, and you think it would sting you a little more now, knowing how good life can be, to take another's.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Hello?” you inquire at them. The footsteps all come to a sudden halt, without reply. A light beams in your direction. You and Kess step out into the hallway, surveying the crowd of three. The tougher-looking guy on the left has a denim jacket; his counterpart is wearing a hoodie. The woman between them is wearing black jeans and holding an unlabeled book. Kess shoots you a look that suggests diplomacy wasn't his first choice.


“All done with the sight-seeing?” asks the one with a hoodie. “We've got things to do.” The other guy fishes a knife from his coat, with some difficulty, holding it at his side. Damn, you'll have to talk your way out of this somehow.
> You say "We also want to use that portal."
The woman looks the two of you up and down. “Tell us what for,” she demands, “and maybe we'll allow it when we're done.” She shifts the book under an arm, leaving one hand open for emergent situations. You're fairly certain you don't want to mention the actual reason for using the portal.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>If that noise means someone is approaching this room, they're less than ten seconds away. There's no point in going through with Kess's plans just to be interrupted. With a quick nod, you smooth yourselves against the wall, looking out around the corner. The shuffling of many legs fades into earshot. In the dull light they carry, you see two men and a woman, probably in their twenties. The woman is holding opposite ends of something rectangular, which you can't make out in a passing glimpse. They're definitely headed this way, and neither of you have a viable weapon.
> You try to ambush them
The two of you wait quietly, listening to the increasing noise of their approach. As a leg sweeps by, you strike the head of its owner, sending the man reeling. The flashlight is dropped, and a commotion ensues in darkness. An elbow crashes into your side, and you feel the rush of a wild swing missing you a finger's length away. Your fist finds someone's stomach; they let out a wheeze that couldn't be Kess, and you hone in. Haywire attacks connect to your face, your shoulders, and your legs throughout the melee, inducing little noises of pain. Something smashes your nose, and you make a violent kick at the source. After the ordeal calms down, you produce a light from the phone in your pocket. You see one of them knocked out and the other two trying to crawl away. You and Kess grab at them, one by one, and beat them until they stop moving.


The rectangle they were carrying is an unlabeled book, with long passages about ghosts, demons and darker things.


“Looks like they might've been witches. Or at least thought they were. I wonder if they have anything to do with the portal,” you say.


“Maybe.” Kess takes another look at them. “We'll throw them at it if they decide to do anything.” He draws in some air. “Any time you're ready then, Viktor. Stand about two feet from the portal.”


You walk over to its effervescing surface. Kess produces a sewing needle that he must've filched before leaving the house. He instructs you to open your hand. The needle dips in, under the skin, and emerges with a crimson droplet balanced at the end.


“Now touch it to the portal and exhale your little puppet.”


As you do so, the wisps are drawn to the blood, and begin to eddy ominously around the pin. Stanley fights again, predictably weak despite his striving, as you breathe out. The wisps swirl in, to your throat and clutch at something unreal, or not quite of the same material as the world, withdrawing it, and Stanley's presence dulls away to nothing. Kess follows suit.


It's a strange feeling to own a body again, as the owner rather than the intruder. It's pretty evil, you acknowledge, that you sent Stanley to the Otherside when you fear it yourself. On the other hand, it's just survival, and you shelve the remorse, happy to return to the flitting world once more.


Kess and you part ways. The transgressions of that night get you labeled the prime suspect for murder, and you're forced to flee to other areas. You make friends again, getting caught up in the world of boating, among other simplicities you've forgotten you enjoy. You have to move now and then to evade notice from officials who might connect you to the past, but you manage to escape dicey situations. You pay Kess now and then through a cryptocurrency account he directed you to use, keeping your end of the bargain.


Thirty years pass, and you've grown fond of living. It's more peaceful than your original life, which is difficult to remember among your new, competing memories. Time keeps flowing onward, putting wrinkles on your face and pain in your joints. Looking back, having just turned eighty, is a funny feeling. It doesn't feel like much time passed at all. Still, a thought nips at the surface of your mind, suggesting you need to move onto a new host. Only, your life has been a little different this time around. It has been peaceful, and you think it would sting you a little more now, knowing how good life can be, to take another's.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Fine,” you reply. Sifting through the disarrayed contents of Greg's house, you search for the keys to his four-seater vehicle. Kess finds them first, on a surprisingly tidy nightstand in the bedroom. You climb into the passenger side, the engine turns over, and he begins driving.


The car gets onto the freeway and heads North, away from town. After the first ten minutes, your mind departs from immediate concerns. Your thoughts start to linger on well-trodden grounds of uncertainty. Will you be vested in life, in lives, jumping from host to host ad nauseam? Will you ever feel that the inherited families are your own, or will you file them away as relics of the old hosts?


Kess interrupts the silence with his own thoughts. “So Viktor,” he begins, “let me tell you how things are going to work. We're going to drive up to Hyacinth Beach because I heard about it in one of Greg's ravings. We'll be away from the sand, up higher and into hills where there's some old military bunker. I know that area should have a portal somewhere that connects to the Otherside.”


“No way. How do you know you even exist after you cross through it? All I know about it is black nothingness. We were there with the witches when we saw it.”


“As if I'd forget a crucial moment in my life. I don't plan on finding out if there's an afterlife behind the curtain. It's possible to separate the host into the portal.” Kess replies. “I know the actions required.”


The drive is broken up with Stanley's brief, sporadic reminders that he doesn't appreciate having his mind sequestered away. It's interesting how much you appreciate downtime on the only eventful night since last year. The sky hovers above, the roads sits below, and the whole world flits between. Kess cruises along for another half-hour before pulling into a residential network of streets. There's a medley of developments both new and historic along the downhill route.


He pulls around an inclined bend to the right, drifting to the side of the road. The moon beams down from the clear sky, throwing muted light across the grass on a nearby hill. You march towards it, revealing the corner of a forgotten concrete bunker as you crest a minor mound. Kess stands beside you, pointing indecisively at one corner of the building and another, trying to remember further details. At last, you follow him into the main entrance. You stop to listen for signs of occupancy. Hearing nothing, the two of you walk purposefully down a hall, using phones for illumination. Kess immediately locates the anomaly in a gray, featureless crate of a room, with white scratchings on otherwise indistinguishable walls. Something black burbles, suspended, in the corner. It has a wispy outer atmosphere, always curling and reaching. The heart is an inscrutable black canvas, wider and taller than any person, roiling inwards. It really is a fragment of the Otherside. How did it get here?


As you stare at its stark presence, a sound chimes off the walls somewhere outside.
> You start the ritual
“Quickly,” you urge.


“Ok. Prick your finger with this, hold it in the portal, and exhale the host.” He produces a sewing needle that he must've filched before leaving the house.


Taking it, you carry out the instructions. The wisps on the edge of the portal are drawn to the blood, and begin to eddy ominously around the pin. Stanley fights again, predictably weak despite his striving, as you breathe out. The wisps swirl in, to your throat and clutch at something unreal, or not quite of the same material as the world, withdrawing it, and Stanley's presence dulls away to nothing.


It's a strange feeling to own a body again, as the owner rather than the intruder. It's pretty evil, you acknowledge, that you sent Stanley to the Otherside when you fear it yourself. On the other hand, it's just survival, and you shelve the remorse, happy to return to the flitting world once more.


Just as this occurs, a group of three steps into the room. They're lead by a black-clothed woman carrying a voluminous book. To her right is a man with a denim jacket, and to her left, a man with a hoodie. They're taken aback when they discover the room is occupied, but they recover.


“Who are you?” the woman clips.


“None of your damn business,” Kess retorts. He snatches the needle, performing the ritual in only seconds, and then turns to face the door. “We'll be leaving now,” he informs.


They watch intently as the two of you shuffle past. The denim-wearing one looks like he'd be happy to put that knife somewhere, but the three of them permit you to leave. Nobody wants to deal with cleaning up a body.


The two of you part ways. The transgressions of that night get you labeled the prime suspect for murder, and you're forced to flee to other areas. You make friends again, getting caught up in the world of boating, among other simplicities you've forgotten you enjoy. You have to move now and then to evade notice from officials who might connect you to the past, but you manage to escape dicey situations. You pay Kess now and then through a cryptocurrency account he directed you to use, keeping your end of the bargain.


Thirty years pass, and you've grown fond of living. It's more peaceful than your original life, which is difficult to remember among your new, competing memories. Time keeps flowing onward, putting wrinkles on your face and pain in your joints. Looking back, having just turned eighty, is a funny feeling. It doesn't feel like much time passed at all. Still, a thought nips at the surface of your mind, suggesting you need to move onto a new host. Only, your life has been a little different this time around. It has been peaceful, and you think it would sting you a little more now, knowing how good life can be, to take another's.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Breaking in from a window is more sensible, you think. You lean down to collect a particularly jagged metal scrap from the lawn, admiring its potential uses as both a shiv and hammer. You take a good step back and heave it into the window, resulting in a loud but ineffectual thump. You drop it in favor of a concrete statue (it's upper half) shaped to look like a marsh witch. The makeshift ram puts a radial crack in the window that spiderwebs to the edges. Another hefty run does it in, throwing glass shards around like the spray of a champagne bottle. Picking up the shiv-hammer, you climb through the window and run up to Greg. He's still chanting gibberish that means as much to you as it did when you couldn't hear it. You plunge the sharp end of the metal fragment in his flesh, pressing in with both hands to grind it into his organs. To your surprise, he holds it from going further, and looks at you with contempt.


“Who are you and why are you interfering with me, ghost?” A metallic voice questions from beyond. Greg pushes the metal out of his chest, overpowering your arm strength. The wound begins to heal of its own accord. “Just a little longer, and then I'll play your games.” It looks like Greg's goal was to get possessed by some creature. He always was a nut job, so you're not too surprised. Whatever is currently transferring into his body is as weak now as it will ever be, and still has the strength to control some limbs. You don't know what it is, but you hardly want to wait and find out.
> You try to possess Greg to push out the other
In a risky move, you reach out and grab Greg, transferring to him. The half-presence here already has strict control over Greg's body, and you're immediately fighting for dominion. You close the mouth to stop the chanting, but a hand grapples the chin to keep it open. When you exert effort in any direction, it's denied from two angles. Stanley has regained his common sense and breaks for the door. You're beginning to wish you did that. Greg's face smiles. A small statue with demon-like markings on it, held in Greg's left hand, is raised to shoulder height. Suddenly, you're being pushed from the body, and an unnatural force is dragging you towards the statue. You sink into it, like iron to a magnet, and can't escape.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You step out of the car and make your way up to the side of the house, walking over small twists of metal that seem to have fallen off a nearby piece of "lawn art". You duck under a window and take a peek from below. You see furniture: a television, an armchair, and a table, all swept to one side of the room. In their place, candles take the arrangement of a seance pattern. Greg, the old man, sits in the middle of the circle, forming words on his lips that you can't hear from outside. You lower your head out of view. What exactly is he trying to accomplish, you wonder, never having seen this before. But Greg always puts his best foot forward to anything he tries to accomplish, so unless he became senile in the last few years, he's not following a D.I.Y. occult recipe.


Trying the front door would be fruitless, given what he's up to. You could break in through a window or drive the car into the house. That's certainly one way to make an entrance.
> You drive the car through the house
Given the layout of the house, there's a good chance you can just run Greg over. This could be a lot easier than dealing with whatever mess he's creating in there, if his ritual is working. It's basically impossible not to get the police called on you, though, so you'll have to find Greg sooner than later. You start the engine, reeling the car back to the end of the cul-de-sac. Stanley struggles feebly for control, but his attempts are easily quashed. You stomp on the pedal, aiming for the living room window in the front of the house, with drawn curtains. You plow through it, losing momentum, but drag on through the falling wood and drywall until you hear the thud of metal against flesh.


You step out of the vehicle, dazed and whiplashed. The brunt of the damage fell upon the fender, leaving your body alive and the car operational. That was a risky move. You turn on a light and glance under the car at Greg's lifeless corpse. A red mist-like substance jitters and swirls, clawing at the air with whip tendrils, only to recede in defeat. It's not a normal possession, that's for sure. Good thing he died before that found its way over.


“Kess,” you call out, “there isn't a lot of time. I'm sure one of the neighbors saw me launch the car into the house. Show me where you are so I can bring you along in a convenient container and deliver you to a habitable body. Then I want to talk.” You walk around the rubble, seeing nothing for a few minutes. Perhaps he's no longer here. Then, a ghastly white fog emerges from a flashlight and circles to indicate its presence before returning. It occurs to you there are others in this hell house. “One more thing. If you aren't Kess, I'll personally return you to the Otherside. Come out again to confirm who you are.” It does, and you grab the flashlight. You hear the sirens of the police coming down to investigate. By the sound of it, there are two or three cars. They pull up to the scene with guns drawn. Convenient, if handled correctly.
> You walk outside to the officers
“I'm glad you're here,” you say, walking out of the newly-formed building hole. Officers instruct you to drop the flashlight and put your hands above your head. You comply, and one walks over to handcuff you. You manage to touch her wrist with a finger, and dart out along the boundaries where the skin connects. The woman you inhabit expects nothing, and is easily taken over. You finish handcuffing Stanley and grab the flashlight. You feign interest in its design, handing it off as a curiosity...easy contact. The search for suspects takes a little over two hours to fully wrap up. Stanley, being the only living suspect and owner of the car is booked for murder. It's a neat trick.


Neither of you are required to stick around with the coroners. After waiting for most of the officers to get a head start, the two of you get in your respective vehicles and drive off. You go slowly, letting the cops fade into the distance ahead, then sidetrack onto the freeway. You pull off at a nearby trail, followed by Kess, and get out to talk.


“I need to know how to push out a conscience,” you bluntly state. “The original. So I can live in this body through and past sleep, if you wouldn't mind sharing.”


“Thanks for the body, by the way. I'll have to go find something to accomplish that myself. I'll be leaving you to do the same, Viktor. After all, there's only so much time left in the night, and I can't risk wasting it to train you on the few things I learned at old Greg's mad house,” Kess replies. “I suppose if you promise to pay me, wherever I go, so I can live a stable life without work, that would be fine by me. Just for a lifetime, mind you.” He twitches a bit. “Damn host has some fight in him. Say what you will; I need to get this done as fast as possible.”


There aren't many options. It's a promise to work for Kess in exchange for a permanent secret to immortality — the kind you thought you'd get when you first became a ghost. There's no guarantee of success, especially when his host has a lot of willpower. The alternative is to likely end up haunting a trinket for yet another year. All activities that delve into dark mysticism tend to carry the risk of oblivion when they go wrong, which is something you're not looking forward to.
> You agree to the deal
“Fine,” you reply. The two of you get in his patrol vehicle and drive, with Kess at the wheel. The car gets onto the freeway and heads North, passing by town. The patrol radio squawks orders to return to the station as it's silenced. After the first ten minutes, your mind departs from immediate concerns. Your thoughts start to linger on well-trodden grounds of uncertainty. Will you be vested in life, in lives, jumping from host to host ad nauseam? Will you ever feel that the inherited families are your own, or will you file them away as relics of the old hosts?


Kess interrupts the silence with his own thoughts. “So Viktor,” he begins, “let me tell you how things are going to work. We're going to drive up to Hyacinth Beach because I heard about it in one of Greg's ravings. We'll be away from the sand, up higher and into hills where there's some old military bunker. I know that area should have a portal somewhere that connects to the Otherside.”


“No way. How do you know you even exist after you cross through it? All I know about it is black nothingness. We were there with the witches when we saw it.”


“As if I'd forget a crucial moment in my life. I don't plan on finding out if there's an afterlife behind the curtain. It's possible to separate the host into the portal.” Kess replies. “I know the actions required.”


He continues to spasm on the drive, even flinging an arm off the steering wheel before regaining control. The car jerks accordingly, and after the third murder attempt on his host's account, he pulls over so you can take the driver seat. The rest of the drive is uneventful. It's interesting how much you appreciate downtime on the only eventful night since last year. The sky hovers above, the road sits below, and the whole world flits between. You cruise along for another half-hour before pulling into a residential network of streets. There's a medley of developments both new and historic along the downhill route.


You pull around an inclined bend to the right, drifting to the side of the road as Kess indicates. The moon beams down from the clear sky, throwing muted light across the grass on a nearby hill. You march towards it, revealing the corner of a forgotten concrete bunker as you crest a minor mound.


“No!” Kess blurts, slugging himself in the head. “Get the fuck out of me!” His arms strain and pull inwards, erratically, making it difficult to pin him down. When you attempt to do so, your host's conscience doubles down on their exorcism attempt, and you're forced to release him. Your headache grows to a roaring cranial pain; you struggle to occupy the body. Kess fights even harder, falling to the floor and writhing. You scream internally. She fights a little less. You scream louder, and her edge faulters. You overpower her conscience, secure control, and rise to a stand. Kess is sprawled across the ground, but he looks stable. He raises a hand. You pull him to a standing position.


“Ok, it should be in that bunker,” he says. “Follow me!” You jog with him to the perimeter, looking it over. It seems unoccupied. He motions for you to follow, and he leads through a series of rooms, using flashlights for illumination. He scours dozens of them before he finds the correct one: a gray, featureless crate of a room, with white scratchings on otherwise indistinguishable walls. Something black burbles, suspended, in the corner of the room. It has a wispy outer atmosphere, always curling and reaching. The heart is an inscrutable black canvas, wider and taller than any person, roiling inwards. It really is a fragment of the Otherside. How did it get here?


“Go ahead and stand in front of it. I'll chant,” Kess offers.
> You begin the ritual
You move towards the physics-defying smear near the corner. It offers no smell, no sound, and no sights within. It only consumes. You open your mouth to ask what to do next when hands thrust you forward. You stumble from the force, enough to touch the blackness. Your fear spikes, your heart runs wild, and then the body slaps to the wall on the other side. It rolls down, lifeless, both souls absorbed within.


“That's what you get, you damn ghost! Fuck you,” spits Kess's old host. His craze continues for a while, but it's all irrelevant to you now.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>“Fine,” you reply. The two of you get in his patrol vehicle and drive, with Kess at the wheel. The car gets onto the freeway and heads North, passing by town. The patrol radio squawks orders to return to the station as it's silenced. After the first ten minutes, your mind departs from immediate concerns. Your thoughts start to linger on well-trodden grounds of uncertainty. Will you be vested in life, in lives, jumping from host to host ad nauseam? Will you ever feel that the inherited families are your own, or will you file them away as relics of the old hosts?


Kess interrupts the silence with his own thoughts. “So Viktor,” he begins, “let me tell you how things are going to work. We're going to drive up to Hyacinth Beach because I heard about it in one of Greg's ravings. We'll be away from the sand, up higher and into hills where there's some old military bunker. I know that area should have a portal somewhere that connects to the Otherside.”


“No way. How do you know you even exist after you cross through it? All I know about it is black nothingness. We were there with the witches when we saw it.”


“As if I'd forget a crucial moment in my life. I don't plan on finding out if there's an afterlife behind the curtain. It's possible to separate the host into the portal.” Kess replies. “I know the actions required.”


He continues to spasm on the drive, even flinging an arm off the steering wheel before regaining control. The car jerks accordingly, and after the third murder attempt on his host's account, he pulls over so you can take the driver seat. The rest of the drive is uneventful. It's interesting how much you appreciate downtime on the only eventful night since last year. The sky hovers above, the road sits below, and the whole world flits between. You cruise along for another half-hour before pulling into a residential network of streets. There's a medley of developments both new and historic along the downhill route.


You pull around an inclined bend to the right, drifting to the side of the road as Kess indicates. The moon beams down from the clear sky, throwing muted light across the grass on a nearby hill. You march towards it, revealing the corner of a forgotten concrete bunker as you crest a minor mound.


“No!” Kess blurts, slugging himself in the head. “Get the fuck out of me!” His arms strain and pull inwards, erratically, making it difficult to pin him down. When you attempt to do so, your host's conscience doubles down on their exorcism attempt, and you're forced to release him. Your headache grows to a roaring cranial pain; you struggle to occupy the body. Kess fights even harder, falling to the floor and writhing. You scream internally. She fights a little less. You scream louder, and her edge faulters. You overpower her conscience, secure control, and rise to a stand. Kess is sprawled across the ground, but he looks stable. He raises a hand. You pull him to a standing position.


“Ok, it should be in that bunker,” he says. “Follow me!” You jog with him to the perimeter, looking it over. It seems unoccupied. He motions for you to follow, and he leads through a series of rooms, using flashlights for illumination. He scours dozens of them before he finds the correct one: a gray, featureless crate of a room, with white scratchings on otherwise indistinguishable walls. Something black burbles, suspended, in the corner of the room. It has a wispy outer atmosphere, always curling and reaching. The heart is an inscrutable black canvas, wider and taller than any person, roiling inwards. It really is a fragment of the Otherside. How did it get here?


“Go ahead and stand in front of it. I'll chant,” Kess offers.
> You refuse to participate
The portal wobbles in place enigmatically, anchored by unfathomable means. Staring at that inky mass of nullity, your confidence wanes. You're fairly certain Kess is using you to test the experimental ritual.


“Hey, Kess. I'm not doing it. You go ahead if you want.”


His face contorts. “What? Of course you are. How could you not?!” He isn't acting like Kess, and you begin to get a sinking feeling that Kess was expelled in his struggle. You see him going for the taser on his belt, and you lunge, catching him around the midsection. The two of you roll across the ground. You pin his arms, but he catches knees below your stomach and kicks you away. Stumbling backwards, you grapple his wrist, jerking him across the floor. You motion to kick at his head, but cancel the movement in order to throw your hands over the taser he's removing from its holder. You intercept him again, but he rolls himself over you, pinning your sides with his lower legs, and proceeds to deliver blows to your head.


Under the influence of repeated knuckle impact, you manage to fumble the taser off of your belt and fire it against his head. He jitters from the electricity, giving you enough time to stand up, but he clutches to your chest. He uses it as leverage, causing you to stumble backwards from the weight. You wrap arms around him just as you realize you're losing your balance in the direction of the portal.


Your leg crosses the threshold, followed by your chest, your head, and then his. Both of your bodies fall to the ground, now empty husks, and it all becomes unimportant.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Given the layout of the house, there's a good chance you can just run Greg over. This could be a lot easier than dealing with whatever mess he's creating in there, if his ritual is working. It's basically impossible not to get the police called on you, though, so you'll have to find Greg sooner than later. You start the engine, reeling the car back to the end of the cul-de-sac. Stanley struggles feebly for control, but his attempts are easily quashed. You stomp on the pedal, aiming for the living room window in the front of the house, with drawn curtains. You plow through it, losing momentum, but drag on through the falling wood and drywall until you hear the thud of metal against flesh.


You step out of the vehicle, dazed and whiplashed. The brunt of the damage fell upon the fender, leaving your body alive and the car operational. That was a risky move. You turn on a light and glance under the car at Greg's lifeless corpse. A red mist-like substance jitters and swirls, clawing at the air with whip tendrils, only to recede in defeat. It's not a normal possession, that's for sure. Good thing he died before that found its way over.


“Kess,” you call out, “there isn't a lot of time. I'm sure one of the neighbors saw me launch the car into the house. Show me where you are so I can bring you along in a convenient container and deliver you to a habitable body. Then I want to talk.” You walk around the rubble, seeing nothing for a few minutes. Perhaps he's no longer here. Then, a ghastly white fog emerges from a flashlight and circles to indicate its presence before returning. It occurs to you there are others in this hell house. “One more thing. If you aren't Kess, I'll personally return you to the Otherside. Come out again to confirm who you are.” It does, and you grab the flashlight. You hear the sirens of the police coming down to investigate. By the sound of it, there are two or three cars. They pull up to the scene with guns drawn. Convenient, if handled correctly.
> You hide inside
With the flashlight in hand, you hide under the car inside. Officers run in; you can hear their shoes clattering on the wood floor. You start feigning shock, breathing whole lungfuls of air in and out, and even twitching now and then. Someone orders you to come out. You do, and they ask you, calmly, to place your hands behind your back. You set down the flashlight, expecting you'll be able to touch their wrist, but they remain cautiously out of reach. Damn. Everyone stands in place, warily watching their only suspect, until the search is complete. You have no choice but to wait and watch. They return, and a murder charge is dropped on your head. From that point on, it becomes impossible to rectify the situation. Nobody makes direct contact to the flashlight, or to you, and you're placed in a holding cell at the end of the night. You grow tired, to your mounting terror. No, it can't end like this. You struggle to press Stanley entirely out of the body, not knowing how, but he's playing the endgame card. He followed your thoughts well enough to know what's going on.


Sometime when he awakes, just before your conscience rouses, you're exhumed from the body, whereupon you dissipate into oblivion. You might've ruined his life, but he ruined your afterlife.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Perhaps it's the featureless face, with its distended chin and vague indications of a scream, that draw your hand to the ghoul. As you graze the figure, a wash of callousness pours over you, followed with anger. By no means should you be paid only a hundred bucks for spending all day doing this chore! You dump the statues unceremoniously in a heap, flinging adjacent oddities from their perch on the shelf. The sound of impact and breakage draws Paul over.


“Hey! Be careful.” He touches your shoulder, and you spin around. “This job is worth more than a hundred,” you sneer. “I should get paid more, like two hundred.”


“Look Stanley, I can't do that much. If you really want to call it quits, I'll just give you the full hundred now,” he says. Part of you thinks he's being kind, but really, he's just making an excuse to get out of giving you what you deserve.
> You take the offer and leave
“Fine, let's do that,” you say. You're not sure what's going on with your personality. It doesn't even feel like you. You snatch the money out of Paul's hands when he returns with it, and leave wordlessly. You kick in the pumpkins on the porch, making your way to the car. A headache erupts out of nowhere, creating pockets of numbness that annex the body, then recede, seconds later. You watch yourself get into the car and start driving, but you're controlling none of it.


Hijacking the body took little effort. Stanley had a weak mind. You probably didn't have to play friends with his uncle before taking full possession. His kind of personality would've cracked under violence, making your life even simpler. You start up the car, reading Stanley's mind with ease. You get on the highway, heading off to find your old friend, Kess. He should be occupying a sorry vase in Greg's home, and he knows more than you about sticking around after Halloween.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The stench of rotten flesh creeps up your nose as you stand in front of the huge university complex. You have been here since the Outbreak began and settled in. Each day more people are coming in looking for protection. The military has the place locked down pretty tight but you doubt that there will be enough supplies for everybody if people continue to make their way here.


Sooner or later you will have to think about leaving the place behind.
> You head to your room
This is your own place. As you look through it you can tell that you could probably survive a few days on your own if it would come down to that. You got a bed and a wardrobe, somewhere in a corner you got a little fridge, but since the University's power is supplied by generators nobody is allowed to use any electrical devices.
> You access your secret stash
Below a stain on the carpet that looks like rust and in the floor you got a hidden stash that contains all your important belongings.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>This is your own place. As you look through it you can tell that you could probably survive a few days on your own if it would come down to that. You got a bed and a wardrobe, somewhere in a corner you got a little fridge, but since the University's power is supplied by generators nobody is allowed to use any electrical devices.
> You go outside
The stench of rotten flesh creeps up your nose as you stand in front of the huge university complex. You have been here since the Outbreak began and settled in. Each day more people are coming in looking for protection. The military has the place locked down pretty tight but you doubt that there will be enough supplies for everybody if people continue to make their way here.


Sooner or later you will have to think about leaving the place behind.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It is 8:00pm - you are sitting in your favorite reclining chair and watching t.v. when suddenly a special news report breaks into your show...

"Attention...Emergency alert! Those that
live in the vicinity of Headstone Lane and Graveyard Drive." "A suspicious character has been seen in the area weilding an axe and screaming obsenities." "HE IS VERY DANGEROUS!!!" "Lock all your doors and windows and DO NOT call the police." "They have already been dispatched to the area." "It has been reported by eye witnesses that this character is male, approximately 4 feet 3 inches in height and could be experiencing hallucinations from the new street drug "Methradone". "Those living in the area...be careful and cautious!!" "Now we return you to your program "Planet of the Dead"

You stare in amazement at the screen. YOU live on Headstone lane! Is this a joke? This part of town is populated by retired folks and good church going people, you think.

Suddenly there is a knock at the door. What do you do.
> You look through the peep hole?
You get out of the chair and look out the peep hole of your front door. You don't see a thing.

"Wait a minute...this guy is only 4 feet tall!!" you think. "He could be right on the other side of the door and I still would'nt be able to see him."

Just then, you hear glass breaking at the far end of the house.

"Sounds like the bedroom!" you think.

You own a 9 millimeter hand gun but keep it under the bed in your bedroom.

Could it be the murdering midget coming through the bedroom window at this very minute? What if he finds the gun?

What do you do?
> You run out the front door?
You open the door to run but instead, you are met with a gun to your head. a policeman standing to the side of the door has his gun drawn. "HOLD IT!" he yells.

You put your hands in the air and exhale in relief.

The cop holsters his gun and asks "Are you all right?"

You nod "YES" although you are not really sure.

"My name is Officer Reeves." "Sorry about the scare but a crazed maniac has been loose in the area and was last seen running down your alley."

You tell Officer Reeves about the sound of broken glass and the gun you keep under your bed.

Officer Reeves concurrs with the sound and tells you to go sit in his police car while he checks things out.

Five minutes pass as you sit in the car waiting in fear and excitement.

"Something should have happened by now" you think.

Two gun shots sounds suddenly go off in the house and you see flickers of light (gun blasts) come from the bedroom area.

What do you do?
> You go back into the house?
You run back into the house screaming for officer Reeves.

"It's OK!!! It's OK!!!" you hear coming from the back of the house. It's officer Reeves'voice.

You let out a sigh of relief and start down the hallway.

"Don't come back here!" officer Reeves states. "It's a mess."

You stop dead in your tracks, vivid images of gore fill your head.

"Get back out there and radio for backup...tell em' we got him."

You go back out and call for help. Within minutes your house is covered with cops, neighbors, and the press.

For the next few days you are the neighborhood hero. Your face is on the local news and newspapers. You get more attention than you feel you deserve but...who cares.

You helped kill the murdering midget.

~~THE END~~

NOTE: A job well done!! You and Officer Reeves make a good team.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You open the door to run but instead, you are met with a gun to your head. a policeman standing to the side of the door has his gun drawn. "HOLD IT!" he yells.

You put your hands in the air and exhale in relief.

The cop holsters his gun and asks "Are you all right?"

You nod "YES" although you are not really sure.

"My name is Officer Reeves." "Sorry about the scare but a crazed maniac has been loose in the area and was last seen running down your alley."

You tell Officer Reeves about the sound of broken glass and the gun you keep under your bed.

Officer Reeves concurrs with the sound and tells you to go sit in his police car while he checks things out.

Five minutes pass as you sit in the car waiting in fear and excitement.

"Something should have happened by now" you think.

Two gun shots sounds suddenly go off in the house and you see flickers of light (gun blasts) come from the bedroom area.

What do you do?
> You use the radio in the patrol car to dispatch for help?
Another three minutes pass before seeing three more police vehicles pull up in front of your house. You watch as six policemen run inside.

An eternity seems to go by before an ambulance pulls up in front of the house and soon a body is wheeled out on a gurney.

You jump out of Officer Reeves' patrol car and find that it's Officer Reeves being wheeled out to the ambulance.

"He's been shot in the leg ." one of the officers replies. "If it wasn't for your dispatch, he would have bled to death."

No one else was found in the house but an axe was found next to officer Reeves.

Great! Now the crazed li'l man has a gun and still on the loose!

What now?
> You go back in the house?
You run back into the house and find the cops already taping off the area around your bedroom.

"The forensic team will be here shortly" a policeman reports. "Try to stay out of the way."

Since the lunatic is still at large, you decide to get into your car and drive to your parents house 30 miles out of town.

"I hope they catch the freak." you think as you start up your car and pull out of your driveway.

Unfortunately for you, the little freak somehow got out of the house and is laying quietly in your back seat...

Two days later your body is found on the side of the road by a truck driver. Your vehicle is never recovered and the murdering midget rides off into the sunset...

Just kidding!!

You make it to your parents house, the midget is finally found dead in an alley close to your street, apparently killing himself with the gun, and you live happily ever after...

You go ahead and decide which ending you like better and make believe that THAT is the one that happened.

Anyway...

~~THE END~~

NOTE: I just love short and/or sweet endings. You decide and thanks for playing.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Another three minutes pass before seeing three more police vehicles pull up in front of your house. You watch as six policemen run inside.

An eternity seems to go by before an ambulance pulls up in front of the house and soon a body is wheeled out on a gurney.

You jump out of Officer Reeves' patrol car and find that it's Officer Reeves being wheeled out to the ambulance.

"He's been shot in the leg ." one of the officers replies. "If it wasn't for your dispatch, he would have bled to death."

No one else was found in the house but an axe was found next to officer Reeves.

Great! Now the crazed li'l man has a gun and still on the loose!

What now?
> You get in your car and drive to your parents house (30 miles away)?
You hop into your Ford Explorer and head toward Mom and Dad's house. As you leave the city behind, you feel yourself becoming a little more relaxed. You turn on the radio...

"NEWS FLASH" "The crazed man going by the name "The Murdering Midget" was captured in a bloody battle with police tonight...three policemen were killed and one injured. "The man is said to have been a worker at the local carnival." "More to come as the story unfolds."

Whew!!!

~~THE END~~

NOTE: You have travelled the path of least resistance and come out victorious. Although battling the midget and killing him is far more satisfying...I believe you got where you wanted. Good Work.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You get out of the chair and look out the peep hole of your front door. You don't see a thing.

"Wait a minute...this guy is only 4 feet tall!!" you think. "He could be right on the other side of the door and I still would'nt be able to see him."

Just then, you hear glass breaking at the far end of the house.

"Sounds like the bedroom!" you think.

You own a 9 millimeter hand gun but keep it under the bed in your bedroom.

Could it be the murdering midget coming through the bedroom window at this very minute? What if he finds the gun?

What do you do?
> You make your way into the bedroom and try to get the gun?
You slowly walk down the hallway and into your bedroom. You flick on the light.

Nothing seems disturbed...wait...you see a small hatchet laying on the bed. At closer look you find a red substance on the blade.

"Is it blood?" you ask yourself.

You reach over the bed and pick up the small axe. You start to further investigate the axe when you hear a scream come from outside your house. You drop the axe back onto the bed and run over to the bedroom window. The window has been broken and you step on pieces of glass. Luckily you have your trusty shoes on and you don't get cut.

The street lights are on and you see the shadow of a large man limping up the street. The figure's left leg seems hurt.

As the figure makes his way into the bright glare of the next street light, you notice that the man is a police officer.

"HELP!!" he screams.

His gun is in his right hand and his left hand is held down at his hurt leg. The leg is leaving a small trail of blood behind him.

Seeing the cop's gun reminds you of your gun under the bed...

"Wait a minute!!" you think.

You finally realize that the midget might be in the house with you right now!!! If so...where could he be.
> You make a dash for the gun under the bed?
Finding the gun under the bed, you check it to make sure it's loaded and the safety is off. It's been a long time since you even used the thing. It's loaded.

You feel much better now. You walk back over to the window to try to locate the cop but he's nowhere to be found.

"Could the midget still be in the house?" you almost say out loud.

You check every room of the house with gun cocked and ready for anything. You find nothing.

You decide to hop into your car and try locating the injured police officer. Driving down Headstone Lane, your locate him, two other cops, and half of the neighborhood at the corner of the street. Paramedics are pulling up to the scene.

Upon asking if the officer is alright, one cop replies, "He got into it with that murdering bastard and wounded him...but not before getting the axe in the crotch."

You cringe just thinking about it. You relay the happenings of the night to the officers and express the possibility of the little dude still being at your house. You lead them to your home along with half the neighborhood gathering at the front of your driveway.

You watch the officers enter your house and you cross your fingers for good luck.

Five minutes pass and a female officer comes back out motioning you to come inside. You are escorted into the house and into the master bathroom. There, in the cabinet under the sink, lay the murdering midget...dead from a gunshot wound to the chest and laying in his own blood.

"I'm amazed he made it as far as he did sustaining a wound like that." exclaims the female officer.

You turn and walk out your front door finding channel 3 news on your door step.

"Were you frightened?" asks the reporter.

"I'm just glad it's over." you reply.

~~THE END~~

NOTE: Good Work!! The murdering midget is dead and things did'nt even have to get messy. Cool!!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slowly walk down the hallway and into your bedroom. You flick on the light.

Nothing seems disturbed...wait...you see a small hatchet laying on the bed. At closer look you find a red substance on the blade.

"Is it blood?" you ask yourself.

You reach over the bed and pick up the small axe. You start to further investigate the axe when you hear a scream come from outside your house. You drop the axe back onto the bed and run over to the bedroom window. The window has been broken and you step on pieces of glass. Luckily you have your trusty shoes on and you don't get cut.

The street lights are on and you see the shadow of a large man limping up the street. The figure's left leg seems hurt.

As the figure makes his way into the bright glare of the next street light, you notice that the man is a police officer.

"HELP!!" he screams.

His gun is in his right hand and his left hand is held down at his hurt leg. The leg is leaving a small trail of blood behind him.

Seeing the cop's gun reminds you of your gun under the bed...

"Wait a minute!!" you think.

You finally realize that the midget might be in the house with you right now!!! If so...where could he be.
> You climb out the window to help the cop?
You carefully break off the jagged edges that are still protruding out from the window sill.

PING, CHING, PLANG...

The sounds of the breaking glass catches the attention of the police officer. He turns and aims his weapon in your direction.

You are too busy trying to climb the wall and out of the window when you feel a piercing pain in your left thigh. You reach back in pain and feel the axe deeply inbedded into your leg.

The midget reaches up and grabs the belt loops of your Levi 501s. He tugs you off the wall and drags you back into your room...face down.

Screaming in agony, you realize the crazy man was hiding somewhere in your room all along.

The little man stands over you and grabs the axe firmly with both hands. He pulls the axe from the back of your thigh with a disgusting "SLORP".

Dark blood drips from the blade...your blood this time. He holds the axe high over his head and with one fierce motion, brings it crashing down into your spine and severing it right below the shoulder blades.

You scream again, but this time your screams are met with a loud...

BLAM!!! BLAM!!!

Two bullets enter the midgets skull quickly putting him on his back...dead to the world.

Are you all right?..Sir?...Oh no!!

It's the police officer leaning over the window and into the bedroom. He somehow made his way over to your yard and to the rescue...unfortunately...he was too late.

~~THE END~~

NOTE: You so much want to yell out to the cop but...oh well. Just to think- that gun is still sitting pretty under the bed. Try Again.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You slowly walk down the hallway and into your bedroom. You flick on the light.

Nothing seems disturbed...wait...you see a small hatchet laying on the bed. At closer look you find a red substance on the blade.

"Is it blood?" you ask yourself.

You reach over the bed and pick up the small axe. You start to further investigate the axe when you hear a scream come from outside your house. You drop the axe back onto the bed and run over to the bedroom window. The window has been broken and you step on pieces of glass. Luckily you have your trusty shoes on and you don't get cut.

The street lights are on and you see the shadow of a large man limping up the street. The figure's left leg seems hurt.

As the figure makes his way into the bright glare of the next street light, you notice that the man is a police officer.

"HELP!!" he screams.

His gun is in his right hand and his left hand is held down at his hurt leg. The leg is leaving a small trail of blood behind him.

Seeing the cop's gun reminds you of your gun under the bed...

"Wait a minute!!" you think.

You finally realize that the midget might be in the house with you right now!!! If so...where could he be.
> You call out to the cop?
HELP!!!! He's over here!!!! you scream out to the world.

The policeman does not seem to hear you. You call out again...and again. The cop just keeps limping up the street.

You could still try to climb out the window or, even better, make a run for the gun under the bed. The midget is very close though...you can just feel it.

Which is it?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It is 8:00pm - you are sitting in your favorite reclining chair and watching t.v. when suddenly a special news report breaks into your show...

"Attention...Emergency alert! Those that
live in the vicinity of Headstone Lane and Graveyard Drive." "A suspicious character has been seen in the area weilding an axe and screaming obsenities." "HE IS VERY DANGEROUS!!!" "Lock all your doors and windows and DO NOT call the police." "They have already been dispatched to the area." "It has been reported by eye witnesses that this character is male, approximately 4 feet 3 inches in height and could be experiencing hallucinations from the new street drug "Methradone". "Those living in the area...be careful and cautious!!" "Now we return you to your program "Planet of the Dead"

You stare in amazement at the screen. YOU live on Headstone lane! Is this a joke? This part of town is populated by retired folks and good church going people, you think.

Suddenly there is a knock at the door. What do you do.
> You ask "Who is it?"
WHO IS IT? you ask...no one answers. You stare at the front door as if it would open on its own.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Louder this time. What do you do...
> You just open the door?
You are shaking in fear as you get up from the recliner and slowly walk over to the door and grab the knob. "Please be there"..."Please be there" you hear whispered from the other side.

You open the door to see Alice, your next door neighbor, crying and shaking at your doorstep.

"What happened?" you ask.

"There is a crazy kid trying to kill me...I need help." Alice blurts out as she faints and falls forward.

You catch her and drag her into your living room.

As you go to close the door...something catches the corner of your eye. It is the shadow of a short figure slowly walking up your driveway!

You slam the door shut and bolt lock it.

"Great...you say to yourself...this midget psycho is after me and I don't even own a gun!!!"

What do you do?
> You hide in the kitchen?
You run to the kitchen trying to find anything you could use as a weapon. Your brand new "Ginzu" butcher knife set gleams as bright as the idea bulb going off above your head. You grab the biggest one and hide behind the counter. Your heart pounds and its hard to control your breathing - trying not to give away your hiding spot.

A terrible feeling of despair overwhelms you as you hear mumbling noises from the living room above the noise of the T.V. It's Alice calling your name. Suddenly you hear another noise of metal hitting wood and Alice screaming in terror!

You can't believe you left Alice lay there as the murdering midget starts to chop down the front door like Jack Nicholson in "The Shining."

What to do?
> You come out of hiding and try to save Alice?
Your heart is still pounding with fear as you find the courage to run back into the living room to get Alice. Alice is laying on the floor and screaming in terror as the door is being demolished by the axe.

WHACK! WHACK!...the door is barely holding on.

A big hole at the middle of the door exposes the crazy mans sweat soaked face. He stops to look inside at both of you. Black strands of matted hair stick to his forehead as the glare of his yellow eyes stop you in your tracks. His lips pull back into an evil sneer and small, corn kernal sized teeth gleam in the light of the living room. Saliva is dripping from the sides of his wicked smile.

"HAA HAA HAAAAAA!!!!" He begins to chop more furiously at the very weak barrier.

You grab Alice under the arm and help her to her feet. She screams to your touch but quickly realizes you've come to help her.

"Quick...run for the back door." you say.

Alice stares at you and you realize she could be going into shock. She suddenly nods "Yes" and begins to run through the kitchen toward the back door.

At that very moment the door gives way to the furious blows and now nothing is standing between you and him. The madman's chest heaves deeply as he takes a step into the room, his eyes darting everywhere. Sweat is dripping from his chin and earlobes. His eyes begin to look tired as they rest on you. He takes a swing at you with his axe but is still too far to hit anything. He is obviously very tired from his battle with your front door.

"I wonder if he's ever heard of windows." you think.

You have an opportunity to end this night of terror right now. Or, you can take off the same way as Alice did.

Which is it??
> You battle the midget?
You automatically look around the room for something to use as a weapon and suddenly remember the butcher knife you already clutch in your right hand.

You quickly raise the knife above your head triggering a response in the midget. He charges at you with all his fury, screaming at such a high pitch it almost sounds inhuman.

The quickness of the frothing figure catches you off guard, his body hitting you right below the belt and knocking you back into the dining area. You both come crashing down onto the dinner table with a horrible...

THUD!!!

As you and the madman crash through the table and onto the hard tile floor, the back of your head hits the tile and a twinge of pain travels all the way down your spine and into your legs. You momentarily black out.

When you come to your senses everything seems blurry at first but quickly comes into view. You've already got a headache but that is the least of your fears. At your feet is the midget. He stands there with a wild eyed look on his face. No more smiling or laughing or screaming...just staring with axe held high. It's as if he is waiting for you to make your move.

You feel around the floor with your right arm for the knife but your fingers only come in contact with pieces of dinner table. That's when it happens...the axe comes down quickly, severing your right bicep and fracturing your right humerus...blood spurting from the wound and hitting the tile.

Screaming in pain your left arm automatically comes over to cradle what's left of your right. Your screams are met with shrills and squeals of excitement from the midget. he starts to pace around your body, swinging the bloody axe at his side. Occasionally you feel drops of your own fresh blood hit your face and mouth. You feel faint and want to just give up the ghost...

RREEEEERRRRRR REEEERRRR!!!! Flashes of red and blue surround the walls of the living room and flood the dining room and kitchen.

"This is the POLICE!!!" "We have you surrounded!" "Come out with your hands up!!"

The midget stops at your feet, his head darting around the room, looking for a place to escape or hide.

You take the opportunity to bring your legs up to your chest rolling backwards, at the same time kicking as hard and as fast as you can.

You can't be sure where you hit the creature but you hear the axe clatter onto the tile floor.

You scramble to your feet and wheel about in time to spot the butcher knife laying by the back door.

The thoughts of escaping don't even enter your terror filled mind.

With knife in hand, you whirl around and run over to where the midget is getting to his knees. You come up behind him and put your blood soaked right arm around the neck of the little man and bring the large knife, in the left hand, up over your head and deep into the chest cavity of the midget.

You back away from the bloody mess and scream to the police for HELP!!!! The midget screams in pain...his childlike hands pawing at the blade running deep into him. He still tries to get to his feet but his legs wobble in fatigue. He falls onto his back and finally dies.

Your arm begins to throb and you notice all the blood on the floor. You realize that your heart is pounding and you have lost a lot of blood. You start crying and...

you black out...
> You do you live?
You awaken to red and blue flashing lights and the shrill sounds of a paramedic van. Three people surround your head...two you don't recognize but the other you know as your neighbor Alice. She is smiling down at you and you give a weak smile back. She bends down to kiss you on the forehead. The other two are paramedics inserting a needle into your arm. You are already on your way to the hospital's emergency room. The pain from your right arm is dull but still demands your semi-conscious attention. You figure you've been pumped full of morphine to ease the pain.

Two weeks later, Alice comes to meet you at your physical therapy session and is amazed at your recovery. Your arm is healing fast and the nightmares are starting to become few. You create a bond with Alice that only an experience of shared intensity can produce. You recieve high praises from the mayor and your community offers to repair your home at no cost to you. Your 15 minutes of fame has arrived as your picture is plastered onto the T.V screen, national magazines, and newspapers.

As for the midget...his body lies in a bag in the county morge. Two weeks ago, a large woman sporting a long, ZZ top like beard enters the room to identify the body as once known midget clown juggler "Li'l Bob" from the Bingham Brothers Circus, which was performing at the local fairgrounds. On that night Bob took a hit of methradone right before his axe juggling act and apparently went ballistic. He had everyone in the big top running for their lives.

The autopsy uncovers the drug he bought in the streets to have been 99% pure. The mind altering drug turned Bob from a cute juggling clown into a deranged killer...but you got him...you killed the murdering midget!

~~THE END~~

NOTE: YOU DID IT!! Way to go you midget butt kickin' hero you. You have mastered the game. Go back and check out the other crazy endings.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your heart is still pounding with fear as you find the courage to run back into the living room to get Alice. Alice is laying on the floor and screaming in terror as the door is being demolished by the axe.

WHACK! WHACK!...the door is barely holding on.

A big hole at the middle of the door exposes the crazy mans sweat soaked face. He stops to look inside at both of you. Black strands of matted hair stick to his forehead as the glare of his yellow eyes stop you in your tracks. His lips pull back into an evil sneer and small, corn kernal sized teeth gleam in the light of the living room. Saliva is dripping from the sides of his wicked smile.

"HAA HAA HAAAAAA!!!!" He begins to chop more furiously at the very weak barrier.

You grab Alice under the arm and help her to her feet. She screams to your touch but quickly realizes you've come to help her.

"Quick...run for the back door." you say.

Alice stares at you and you realize she could be going into shock. She suddenly nods "Yes" and begins to run through the kitchen toward the back door.

At that very moment the door gives way to the furious blows and now nothing is standing between you and him. The madman's chest heaves deeply as he takes a step into the room, his eyes darting everywhere. Sweat is dripping from his chin and earlobes. His eyes begin to look tired as they rest on you. He takes a swing at you with his axe but is still too far to hit anything. He is obviously very tired from his battle with your front door.

"I wonder if he's ever heard of windows." you think.

You have an opportunity to end this night of terror right now. Or, you can take off the same way as Alice did.

Which is it??
> You run out the back door?
You bolt out the back door of the house screaming in fear. You imagine the crazed killer running right behind you and you let out a scream of terror.

You get to the alley and run to the end of your street. You stop to catch your breath when you spot a policeman talking to an elderly woman at the front gate of her home.

You startle both the old woman and the policeman as you blindlessly run up to them for help - the ginzu knife in your right hand.

The policeman, thinking you to be the maniac himself, quickly pulls his gun and fires six rounds into your chest.

The light of the street lamps are the last thing your eyes focus on before total blackness takes hold.

~~THE END~~

NOTE: Cowardly decisions make for bad endings in the world of killer midgets. Try again...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You run to the kitchen trying to find anything you could use as a weapon. Your brand new "Ginzu" butcher knife set gleams as bright as the idea bulb going off above your head. You grab the biggest one and hide behind the counter. Your heart pounds and its hard to control your breathing - trying not to give away your hiding spot.

A terrible feeling of despair overwhelms you as you hear mumbling noises from the living room above the noise of the T.V. It's Alice calling your name. Suddenly you hear another noise of metal hitting wood and Alice screaming in terror!

You can't believe you left Alice lay there as the murdering midget starts to chop down the front door like Jack Nicholson in "The Shining."

What to do?
> You stay in hiding?
In situations like this, cowardess can be a virtue.

You stay in hiding and hear the door give way to the madman's furious blows with the axe. Alice's screams of terror come to an abrupt stop... mid-scream as you can only imagine where the axe made its bloody entrance, severing her windpipe and exiting out the back...decapitating her.

Feelings of fear mixed with anger overwhelm you and you get a rush of adrenaline.

How will you use this new found energy?
> You surprise the midget and attack him with the butcher knife?
You quickly jump up from behind the counter ready to run into the livingroom and pounce on the little maniac...only the midget is not in the living room anymore. He stands at the entrance to the kitchen with Alice's head, twisted in a bloody mask of horror in one hand and the infamous axe in the other. He stares at you with his yellow eyes and begins to laugh uncontrollably, his eyes darting left and right and then right back at you.

You scream at the top of your lungs and run full throttle at the laughing madman knocking him off his feet and back into the living room.

You roll around the room in what could only be Alice's blood. The midget tries to bite you on the ear (Tyson's trick) but your elbow meets his chin with a hard thud!! You feel your energy start to fade as you begin to fatigue. You realize you still have the Ginzu in your right hand and roll on top of the midget coming down with both hands meeting the midget's chest with crazed determination.

The midget yells and you jump off his body and scoot back to a relatively safe distant corner of the living room.

You watch as the madman's chest begins to rise and fall in deep movements as blood pours out of the knife wound with every breath. His face contorting into expressions of anguish and pain.

Soon it all ends and the midget is dead. Alice is dead. YOU survived the night the murdering midget visited your home on Headstone Lane.

You slowly stumble out of your house and sit on the front sidewalk to await the police. Ted and his wife from across the street come out to meet you and take you in for a hot shower and something to eat. It's over...Ted says to you...It's over.

~~THE END~~

NOTE: You have killed the murdering midget but you let your neighbor die. Way to come back from a cowardly decision. Good Job!!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are shaking in fear as you get up from the recliner and slowly walk over to the door and grab the knob. "Please be there"..."Please be there" you hear whispered from the other side.

You open the door to see Alice, your next door neighbor, crying and shaking at your doorstep.

"What happened?" you ask.

"There is a crazy kid trying to kill me...I need help." Alice blurts out as she faints and falls forward.

You catch her and drag her into your living room.

As you go to close the door...something catches the corner of your eye. It is the shadow of a short figure slowly walking up your driveway!

You slam the door shut and bolt lock it.

"Great...you say to yourself...this midget psycho is after me and I don't even own a gun!!!"

What do you do?
> You hide in the bedroom?
You run down the hallway and into your bedroom. You can hear loud thudding noises coming from the front door.

"The midget maniac must be chopping down the front door with his axe" you think.

You frantically scan your bedroom...do you hide under the bed or in the closet?
> You under the bed?
Under the bed you go.

As you lie there shaking in fear, you start to hear screams coming from the living room. It's Alice! You've left her there to fall victim to the murdering midget!!!

Alice!!!...Back here!!

You scream for her to come back to where you are. The pitter patter of quickly running feet are heard as Alice runs down the hall and enters the bedroom.

"Under the bed." you whisper.

"Are you crazy?" Alice yells back. "If he catches us under there...we both die!!"

"She's got a point." you think. You scurry out from under the bed.

The house suddenly grows quiet. The hacking on the front door has stopped and all that is heard is the faint sound of the television.

Suddenly, Alice picks up the digital alarm clock from off your night stand and hurls it at the bedroom window.

SMASH!!!

"We have got to get out of here!" she says.

Alice runs over to the broken window and starts clearing out any shards of glass still protuding from the window sill.

You stand watch in the middle of the room with your eyes fixated on the doorway to the bedroom.

Alice is already halfway out the window to the outside when the maniac turns from down the hall and slowly enters the bedroom. He stares at you with sweat pouring from his black matted hair, down his face, and dripping off of his chin. His chest heaving deeply from his recent battle with your front door. His eyes dart past you and focus on Alice climbing out the window.

Alice screams as her pant leg gets caught on an unseen shard of glass.

"She's stuck!!" you think. "Is this maniac just going to waltz in and finally kill her?"

You want to move but you seem frozen like a deer in the glaring eyes of the murdering midget.

As the midget slowly circles around you, he begins to cackle a laugh that seems to fill the whole house.

You suddenly snap out of whatever trance you were in. The midget seems to be unarmed. If you tackle him now- Alice might have a chance to break free and get away.

What do you do??
> You tackle the midget?
Without thinking you run directly at the midget. Your head connects with something hard and your vision becomes blurry. You look around the room but can't make anything out. It's too dark. You stagger about, looking for the light switch and swinging your arms out in front of you.

Tripping over something, you hit your head hard against the wall. Your body slumps to the floor and...you black out.

You can't breath...

You awaken to a horrible sight. You are still in your bedroom and the midget is laughing and jumping on your bed. He crouches at the edge of the bed and stares down at you. Your head is throbbing with pain and your vision still seems a little blurry.

With one quick thrust the midget leaps forward. He lands feet first, on your stomach.

You try to yell, but there's no breath in your lungs. You make a desperate attempt to roll over, but small as this creature seems to be, he is much too heavy. You can't move while he stands on top of you.

He leans forward, stares down at your face and says with low gutteral growl... "Your angel of death awaits you."

The creature's sweat drips off his head and down your throat. He squats low, suddenly snarls, lowers his head and opens his mouth.

Only then do you see that he has long, razor sharp fangs. You tremble all over as that wicked mouth moves closer. You stare at the face and suddenly it changes!

The matted black hair becomes long and curly. The face of a beautiful young woman takes the place of the midget's hideous mug. It's Alice!!!

"Are you OK?...Honey, wake up." Alice says with a worried look on her face.

You bolt straight up into a sitting position and look around. You are in your own bed with Alice...your wife. She sits beside you in her red night gown.

"You were screaming in your sleep again." she says.

You calm down as reality all comes back to you.

You are a comic book writer working on a horror story in graphic novel form. Its about a midget clown that goes on a drug crazed frenzy, escapes the circus and kills lots of people.

"Must be the story I'm working on." you tell Alice.

She kisses you on the cheek and tells you to get some rest. You let out a sigh of relief and settle back into bed.

"Good night baby." you whisper to her.

"Good night." she replies as she turns out the light.

~~THE END~~

NOTE: Good Work. You survived the Murdering Midget...as if there ever really was one.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Under the bed you go.

As you lie there shaking in fear, you start to hear screams coming from the living room. It's Alice! You've left her there to fall victim to the murdering midget!!!

Alice!!!...Back here!!

You scream for her to come back to where you are. The pitter patter of quickly running feet are heard as Alice runs down the hall and enters the bedroom.

"Under the bed." you whisper.

"Are you crazy?" Alice yells back. "If he catches us under there...we both die!!"

"She's got a point." you think. You scurry out from under the bed.

The house suddenly grows quiet. The hacking on the front door has stopped and all that is heard is the faint sound of the television.

Suddenly, Alice picks up the digital alarm clock from off your night stand and hurls it at the bedroom window.

SMASH!!!

"We have got to get out of here!" she says.

Alice runs over to the broken window and starts clearing out any shards of glass still protuding from the window sill.

You stand watch in the middle of the room with your eyes fixated on the doorway to the bedroom.

Alice is already halfway out the window to the outside when the maniac turns from down the hall and slowly enters the bedroom. He stares at you with sweat pouring from his black matted hair, down his face, and dripping off of his chin. His chest heaving deeply from his recent battle with your front door. His eyes dart past you and focus on Alice climbing out the window.

Alice screams as her pant leg gets caught on an unseen shard of glass.

"She's stuck!!" you think. "Is this maniac just going to waltz in and finally kill her?"

You want to move but you seem frozen like a deer in the glaring eyes of the murdering midget.

As the midget slowly circles around you, he begins to cackle a laugh that seems to fill the whole house.

You suddenly snap out of whatever trance you were in. The midget seems to be unarmed. If you tackle him now- Alice might have a chance to break free and get away.

What do you do??
> You run down the hall and make for the back door?
"I've got to get out of here!" you think.

Leaving Alice in the hands of the midget, you run down the hall toward the back door of the house. Alice calls for you and is stunned by your actions just to leave her there.

As you get to the alley, you hear screaming followed by...

BLAM BLAM BLAM!!!

You stop running and wonder where the gunshots came from. You wonder if you should run back to the house or keep running down the alley and away from all this madness.

Three possibilities quickly come to mind.
> You go back to the house?
You wait a few minutes contemplating your decision to go back to the house. You take your time going back and are welcomed by two police officers standing in your kitchen. They escort you to your living room. Alice and Tom, your nieghbor from across the street, are sitting with bewildered looks on their faces.

Alice looks up at you in disgust as you enter the room and sit down in your recliner. Apparently Tom was watching what was going on from across the street and had his son track down a police officer. He watched you flee the room and thought he better think fast.

Getting his Colt .45 pistol from out of the hiding place in his garage, he ran over to where Alice was being dragged back into the house, leaned into the window, and emptied 3 rounds into the midgets head.

Just then, the body of the midget rolls past you on a stretcher and into the coroner's van, a blanket over the body and what's left of his head.

After having to recite your cowardly story, the police give you a shameful look and everyone leaves you to repair your broken home.

"There is plenty of brain fragment and midget blood to clean up in your room." Alice says to you sarcastically.

"Better get busy before it dries."

YUCK!!

~~THE END~~

NOTE: Hooray!!!! The midget is dead! Thank heavens for GOOD neighbors in the area...you coward!!!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I've got to get out of here!" you think.

Leaving Alice in the hands of the midget, you run down the hall toward the back door of the house. Alice calls for you and is stunned by your actions just to leave her there.

As you get to the alley, you hear screaming followed by...

BLAM BLAM BLAM!!!

You stop running and wonder where the gunshots came from. You wonder if you should run back to the house or keep running down the alley and away from all this madness.

Three possibilities quickly come to mind.
> You run to a neighbors for help?
Only two homes seem to have lights on from their back yard. 1.) Old Man Smithers or 2.) The Robinson Family.

Mr. Smithers' dog barks frantically at you as you stand by his back alley fence. To get his help, you will have to get past his dog. You can't remember what kind of dog it is but by the sounds of the barking, it has got to be fairly big.

The Robinson Family has always been such nice neighbors. You have been over on a couple of occasions for BBQ's and know they don't have a dog.

Well, which is it.
> You old Man Smithers?
Finding the gate latch unlocked, you race for Mr. Smither's back door. The dog jumps at you from behind and attempts to bite you on the thigh before being tugged back by it's leash tied around a tree.

You bang on the back door for what seems like hours. Smithers never comes to the door. You get tired of the yap yap yapping of the dog and go back out the way you came.

You have no choice but to try the Robinson's home.
> You try the Robinson's home.
Finding the gate latch locked, you try to scale their brick wall by hopping on top of the trash cans. Just as you throw one leg over the top of the wall, the lights to the back yard flick on and Nancy, the youngest of their five children screams and points in your direction.

Thinking you to be the crazy maniac they have been hearing about all over the t.v. and radio, Mr. Robinson runs out with a shotgun, points it in your direction and in his heightened paranoia...

BLAM!!!

~~THE END~~

NOTE: Welcome to Mr. Robinson's neighborhood. Won't you be his neighbor? I guess we'll never know what happened to Alice...hmmmm.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I've got to get out of here!" you think.

Leaving Alice in the hands of the midget, you run down the hall toward the back door of the house. Alice calls for you and is stunned by your actions just to leave her there.

As you get to the alley, you hear screaming followed by...

BLAM BLAM BLAM!!!

You stop running and wonder where the gunshots came from. You wonder if you should run back to the house or keep running down the alley and away from all this madness.

Three possibilities quickly come to mind.
> You climb in a trash can?
The trash cans are large enough for you to hide in and you crawl in one and close the lid over you.

The stench of rotten food and diapers invade your senses and you start to have second thoughts about this idea.

It takes a couple of minutes but you begin to get used to the smell. Now you are able to relax for the first time since the whole ordeal started.

You fall asleep using a garbage bag filled with shredded paper and left over meatloaf as a pillow.

ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzz....

You are suddenly awaken by movement. You push open the lid just enough to peek out.

It's day time and the trash man is in the process of picking up the garbage you are hiding in!! You attempt to scream out for the truck to stop but the sounds of the hydrolic lift over ride your screams.

Before you know it, you are on your way to the city dump.

How embarrassing is that?

~~THE END~~

NOTE: Talk about a dumpy ending. eh he he. By the way, what ever happened to Alice? hmmmm.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You run down the hallway and into your bedroom. You can hear loud thudding noises coming from the front door.

"The midget maniac must be chopping down the front door with his axe" you think.

You frantically scan your bedroom...do you hide under the bed or in the closet?
> In the closet?
The pitch blackness of the closet is not comforting but you dare not turn on the light and give away your position. you can faintly hear the thudding noises of the front door as the midget furiously uses his axe to chop it down.

It is at this time you realize that Alice is still laying in the living room and unconscious. You feel the need to help her but are frozen in fear as you try to come out of hiding.

Beeep! Beeep! Beeep!

It's your phone by the bed ringing. Someone is trying to call you. Who could it be?

Alice is screaming now...screaming your name...

"Where are you?!!!" "Please help!!" "AAAAAAHHHH!!!"

The chopping has stopped and so has Alice's screams for help. All you can hear now is the faint sound of the t.v. and then...Beeep! Beeep! Beeep!

What do you do?
> You run for the phone?
You dash across the room, grab the phone, and run back into the closet. You are so glad you opted to buy the more expensive cordless phone at Wal-mart last month than settling for the $10 cheapy with a cord.

"Hello?"

"Honey...are you alright?" " We heard what happened on the news!"

Its your Mom!! You relate the current affairs of the evening up to the moment in a very soft whisper. Your mother gasps and then there is silence...

"Son...get the hell out of the house NOW!" Your Dad is on the phone now.

"Try to make it to a neighbors house or your car." " GO NOW!!!"

You check your pants pockets and find the keys still on you.

Without thinking you jump out of the closet and take a quick look out the bedroom door and down the hallway.

You spot the midget standing over the body of what used to be your neighbor Alice. Her head severed a few inches from the twitching body...blood pooling from her neck, covering your living room carpet.

You open your mouth in horror and attempt to let out a scream but all that manages to come forth is a squeak.

The midget turns his face down the hall and spots you halfway in and halfway out your bedroom doorway. The thin lips of his mouth draw back to expose two small narrow rows of teeth.

He begins to laugh as he draws back his axe and throws it down the hall just missing your head and meeting the wall behind you.

You pull the axe from the wall keeping your eye on the little man down the hall. He just stands there laughing at you...as if he is challenging you to a fight. He begins to motion you over...his eyes never leaving yours.

You can try to attack the midget with his own axe or make a dash for the bedroom window.

What will it be?
> You attack the midget with his own axe?
With axe in hand, you run down the hall and straight at the midget. Just as you are ready to use the axe on him, he darts to the left and races back out the front door of the house. You stumble over Alice's body and land face first back into your "Lazy Boy" recliner.

"HAAAHAaaaaaa!!!!" you hear coming from just outside your house. "Come and get me you @#%$!*%!!!" the midget screams at you.

Pushing yourself from the recliner and mad as hell...you race out the front door swinging the axe over your head. What you see out in your front yard stops you dead in your tracks.

Your front porch light illuminates the silhouette of the midget standing next to a much larger creature. A creature not of this world. A long red tongue protrudes from it's vile mouth exposing large, razor sharp teeth. The tongue quickly moves out towards the smiling midget, sliding over his face and then "SWACK"-like a bullwhip, wraps around the midgets neck snapping it in two, right before your eyes. The midgets body flops around like a rag doll as the monster begins to devour it, the teeth becoming dark red with the midget's blood.

"You have been chosen to find my next meal!" you hear bellowing inside your brain.

"Is this the creature?" you think to yourself.

"Of course this is!!!!!!!!!!" the creature screams telepathically into your mind.

You drop the axe and cradle your head in both hands. It's as if a bomb has gone off in your brain giving you excruciating pain.

"I am always hungry and I won't let you rest until I get it!!!"


"I know I should'nt have picked the little guy but I was desparate and hungry. "You see...my ship crash landed outside your town and...well...the lights and the sounds of the local carnival were too good to pass up."

"What a little funny guy he was...but not much of a meal though." the creature states.

"Get busy and find me my next meal." "I'm in the mood for an obese female humanoid for my main course...get to work."

The creature pushes you aside, walks into your house and flops into your recliner using the remote control to turn the channel of the television.

"I hate horror flicks." it says.

It turns and picks up Alice's head, by her hair, off of the blood soaked floor and brings it close to it's pig like snout. It's large mouth opens and the infamous tongue slowly rolls back out, wrapping around the head. With a flex of its muscular tongue a CRUNCH is heard as Alice's skull shatters from the pressure.

WHOOP!!.. GULP!! The creature swallows the head whole.


"Bye the way, there is no escape." "I will not let you sleep, eat, or even breathe until you either go insane or find me a meal." "Unfortunately...BOTH happened to little circus clown...he he he." "At least he juggled chainsaws for me when I got bored." "What can you do!"

"uhhhhhh...play chopsticks?" you think.

RAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!

"Well, time to go "Fat Lady huntin'" you think.

You know that when you find that unfortunate soul...YOU will be it's next meal.

~~THE END~~

NOTE: You've reached the Twilight Zone ending...wierd huh?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Have you ever lived across the road from a graveyard (I have, it's creepy)? Well guess what, in this game, you do. It has a kind of abrupt start, where zombies just start jumpin' outta the ground and stuff, but a lot of great zombie moves are just like this. Anyway, just try not to die, and maybe you will discover the secrets of exactly how they just start popping out of the ground. Sorry there's no good pictures to go with the story, but I was unable to download them. Oh well, save your whining for the game rating.
> You forget this bullcrap, you're giving your rating to this sucky game right now (please give you a nice rating, this is your first game after all).
So now that you finished Die Zombie! Die!, how would you rate it? Note that the author will not see your individual rating; you will have a chance to leave a personal comment once you select a rating.
1 - stay away. far, far away
2 - good ... for you to poop on
3 - choose your own boredom
4 - slightly more fun than homework
5 - not the best, certainly not the worst
6 - it's worth every cent
7 - even better than Reeses' Cups®
8 - it will bring you enlightenment
If you really don't feel like leaving a rating, you can always click here to continue to the comments screen.
Not sure what to rate? Check out the tips for Rating And Leaving Comments.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It was a silent dinner. We could hear the faint orchestra of crickets outside.


"I heard that... you've been hanging out with bad kids." Dad said out of the blue.

"Dad, Jared and Sid are decent guys," I explained.


My dad lets out a sarcastic chuckle, one that sent a surge of heat in my neck.


"I hear they do a lot of disgraceful things," he paused and took a bite of the scrambled eggs. "... and they skip class! I bet you skip class, too. I thought you'd know better."

"Oh, I'd know better than you ever would," I mumbled to myself.

"What did you just say?"

"Oh, I said something? I didn't hear it."

"You know, your mom would be so disappointed in you."


I stood up for a moment. I couldn't do anything but stare. Then with all the hot blood running up my head and my throat, I couldn't hold it in anymore. I had to let it out.


"Well ever since mom left us, you've never been on my side."


Dad's eyes widened and managed to pierce through me with his glare and I felt a bit of myself go in a rage. Suddenly, he stood up as well and took my arm. My body was pulled towards him like paper, It felt like he made my muscles rip a bit.


"Hit me," I provoked him. I was done.


Then he hit me. Knuckles. Hard ones. Twice.

But you know what? It didn't hurt. No. No. More like, It made me feel more alive. It only made me laugh.


"Go to your fucking room, kid."

"Whatever." I quipped, shrugging my arm off his grip. 


After that, I found myself taking a deep breath with my back against my bedroom door and a little later on, I heard a key lock me in. I hope tonight won't be too much of a bore.
> You this again, huh?
This home has been tense without mother around. She had always been the one to make things better between me and Dad. It was always "I'll talk to dad, later" or "It's just one of those days." I never really understood why she left and dad never did anything wrong, honestly. 


It was just a day before Valentines. Dad had things set up. He hid a little gift in her room and we even tried to make a cake! But in the end, she never came home. We tried calling her, frantically shaking the phone in despair. There was no answer and it was then that it dawned to me that she was never coming back. Tears.


It was the first time I cried in years. I bet it was the same for father, only he's never cried since probably forever before that happened, old bastard.


Anyways, it's been about an hour since that tangent at the dining table and all I did was just lie on my bed and play some game on my phone. I really should get up or something.


I think I should be doing something else.
> You should check the window or something.
I walked over to my window and moved the dirty pale green curtains out of the way. I didn't bother opening the actual window up.


The neighborhood greets my bloody eyes and I can see Jared's house. He isn't there today because his parents took him on a trip to some relatives. 'They're just some crackhead cousins who missed us," he told me.


He's a good guy. Sure, he may be crazy. That doesn't change the fact that he's a good guy.


He's honestly one of the better ones. He once scared the shit out of some bullies on the street, defending this young grade-schooler just trying to get home. He took out a gun and pointed it at one of the bullies and the kids just screamed and ran. 

It was a real gun, though. I was like, 'Dude, what were you thinking!' I screamed and he just told me he had the safety on. 

We had great memories. Drunk-ass nights where we almost got arrested and memories which made me realize there's more to life than just going down some academic route to a useless repetitive job.


Now, will you look at that? the skies have gone dark. It's getting pretty late. 


Maybe I should do something else?
> You yup, you're done over here.
I should really do something else.
> You who knows what lurks in your closet.
Well, well, well, If it isn't my trusty old cabinet. Note that Slipknot poster on the left door. It's interesting, cause Mom never really bothers to fix this all up. Dad does.


I can see a black sock poking out of it. Dad hasn't cleaned this closet in ages.
> You guess opening this wouldn't hurt.
Unkempt. Just how I like them. I got three panels over here but none of them with freshly-ironed and well-folded clothes. I can't even see well, it's dark.


But what's this?
> You well, if it isn't a rubber ball.
This rubber ball and I go a long way back. I should hold on to it.


It was summer and Mom wanted to check this garage sale out. It was just a few blocks from our place. I was a kid of course. I never thought that this would be my only memento of her.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I should really do something else.
> You could go get a drink from the fridge downstairs.
"Wow, well if it isn't my old friend! The locked door!"


My eyes stare blankly to nowhere as I stand here at the locked door. Heck, why am I even here?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I should really do something else.
> You laptop game time? Why not?
It's just another messy study desk. It's got four drawers and my sleek shiny black laptop on top of it. Yes, I do keep microfiber cloth for it.


This laptop is practically the only thing I'm proud of when it comes to my current belongings. It was dad who got it for me. I was finally starting to show promise when I got a pretty nice streak during my 5th-grade spelling bee. Of course, I was just looking at one of my classmates in the audience. That kid was Sid.

Out of us three, Sid was the smarter one. Academically of course. which is partly why he skips class. He doesn't need to worry about school. 

His story is pretty much a sad one but I don't feel like going about that now.


Guess I'll play a game on my laptop. It might just help me cool off.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As your walking down the twisted path, you overhear Paul and Dean talking about you becoming a demon. Those words keep bouncing in your head. A demon? They wanted you to become a demon? At first you remained quiet about it. Thinking it over. But then you decide it's time to ask.


"What did you mean you wanted me to be a demon?" you ask boldly.


"Of course." Paul says. "What did you think you were traded in for to be?"


"Traded in?!" You ask, your eyes wide. "Wait a second.... Dean, I thought you told me I was dead." you say.


"You will be if you don't be quiet." He snaps angrily.
> You go quiet
You continue down the path with Dean and Paul quietly. So you were traded into Hell. That must mean you're not dead..... In that case, you really are a human. God hasn't turn his back on you yet. It had been someone else's fault you were down here. You feel fury run within you. How could someone send you to Hell? For a trade off?! What were they trading?!


Wait! The gang must've done it! The Vipers! People had always said they were demons, but really? Were they? You'd never believed in demons until now. Now that you were in Hell loaded with demons everywhere.


Suddenly you get to the end of the path. You gasp in surprise and fear at what your next task is. Killing..... You've never killed before. Dean gives you a pleasant smile, like a child at Christmas.


"Good luck." he says moving towards Paul to let you in the ring.
> You enter the ring
You decide to enter the ring. You've come this far. Maybe it will be quick and painless. Maybe it's just a fight and not really killing someone? You hope it's like that anyway.


You're in a huge ring, where there's a barbwire gate all around you. The floor is cracked and unsteady. There's lights above you making it hard to really see because they're so bright. For a moment you're all alone. Suddenly a hand grabs you from behind and turns you around. You shriek in fear, but then realize it's just Paul. He looks a bit concern.


"Look," he says. "In about 12 seconds, someone will enter from that door over there." He points to the second entry door. He then slips something cool and hard into your right hand. You look down and see it's his knife that he'd had earlier. "I'm not supposed to be helping you. So don't pull this out unless you need it." He tells you. He guides your hand to slip the knife in your pocket. "Now, little ones will be fast, but probably not as strong. Large ones will be strong, but not fast. Medium builds will have average speed, average strength. They'll give you 3 seconds to observe the other player. Assess them and do it quickly. Then attack first. No matter what you do, kill the person and don't die."


"Paul!" you hear Dean shouting his name as if looking for him.


Paul looks up then quickly whispers. "I've got to go. Good luck." Then in a blink of the eye he's gone. You stand there and look for him a moment but the door behind you closes and locks so you look towards the other door, mentally preparing yourself. You're hoping a large one doesn't come in. You're not sure you could kill someone large.


Suddenly the other door opens and a small, Asian girl, around the age of ten enters the ring frighten.
> You assess as the opponent she is
You assess her as the opponent she is. She's very small, even for a ten year old, and is crying. She will be fast, if she plans to fight. You see she's already got a slip limp, which you observed when she came in. You also notice the fear in her eyes. No doubt, she's scared and doesn't want to be here. Maybe you'd be doing her a favor to kill her? Or maybe you'd be killing an innocent little ten year old. Maybe you're just making excuses to justify your next move.


The bell rings signaling for you to start.
> You strike her in the head to knock her out before you kill her
You strike the girl in the head hard to knock her out so she doesn't feel any pain when you kill her. The demons boo, but a kill is a kill to them. You stare at the girl and start crying. This is your first kill. You feel immensely guilty for killing a ten year old girl. You're screamed at to step away from the girl and go back to your corner.
> You go to your corner
You go to your corner. You've clearly won this round. Do you have to face another round or will they let you out now? Demons come in and whisk the child you've just killed away. You still feel an overwhelming feeling of guilt and sadness. But it seems you will have to kill another to get out.


The second opponent is pushed into the cage and the doors slam shut again. This time it's a boy. He's around your age.
> You take the three seconds to observe him
You take the next three seconds to observe him. He is a medium build. He looks rather strong, or about as strong as you. Like the last girl, he looks terrified but unlike the girl, he also looks prepared. Perhaps he's been in fight before. You note you should be careful. You look him up and down as he does too. He's Caucasian. You notice all the scratches all over him, particularly his right arm that he seems to be holding close to him. He must've been through the briars too. You conclude your best option is to start with his arm. Perhaps if you broke it, he'd go down quickly.


The bell rings signaling for you to start.
> You immediately kick his right arm
You immediately kick his right arm, seeing that's your best option. As expected, he doesn't see this coming and falls back against the barbwire crying out in horrendous pain as his foot gets caught.
> You stop and help him out of the barbwire
You stop and help him out of the barbwires knowing how painful that must be for him. He suddenly sees you have a dagger and takes it from you holding it in the air.


"We've got a cheater!" He screams.


Chaos erupts and the demons start screaming about how you're going to die. Suddenly both Dean and another demon enter the cage. You back over to Dean feeling much safer oddly enough with Dean than with the second demon. The demon takes the knife and both him and Dean look over it. Dean's face is hard to read but his eyes flutter to the corner where Paul is. So, he knows who's dagger it is, but does the other demon?


The other demon stares long and hard before turning to Dean. "Is this or is this not, Paul's dagger?" He says seriously.


Dean pretend to look back over it with a hard line on his face. But before he can say something, Paul enters the ring.


"It is." He says frustrated and sadly.


Dean clenches his jaw together and hands the other demon a special knife. You see the knife is made of iron. Dean turns furiously towards you but won't look at Paul. "You come with me." He says to you. You have no choice but to come. Dean takes you outside the cage. You hear Paul's screams from inside the cage, but don't want to look back. Dean flinches every time Paul screams and makes his hold tighter and tighter until you're sure he's going to break your arm. He leads you down so many paths, that you've lost the way long ago. It's a long walk that you endure in silence. You notice Dean has suddenly started to cry.
> You ask him what's wrong
You ask Dean what's wrong. His hold on you suddenly increases tenfold and you hear a 'snap' of your arm being broken. You scream in pain falling to you knees and he stops glaring intensely at you.


You!" he practically screams. "Why would he help you?!" Dean demands.
> You say "I don't know!"
"I don't know!" you cry, tears flowing down your face. This only makes Dean angrier. He begins beating you senseless before finally killing you.


Sorry, but you've lost the game. Please try again by clicking "The Second Test" below. Also, please rate and leave comments. Thanks for playing!
> The Second Test
As your walking down the twisted path, you overhear Paul and Dean talking about you becoming a demon. Those words keep bouncing in your head. A demon? They wanted you to become a demon? At first you remained quiet about it. Thinking it over. But then you decide it's time to ask.


"What did you mean you wanted me to be a demon?" you ask boldly.


"Of course." Paul says. "What did you think you were traded in for to be?"


"Traded in?!" You ask, your eyes wide. "Wait a second.... Dean, I thought you told me I was dead." you say.


"You will be if you don't be quiet." He snaps angrily.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You ask Dean what's wrong. His hold on you suddenly increases tenfold and you hear a 'snap' of your arm being broken. You scream in pain falling to you knees and he stops glaring intensely at you.


You!" he practically screams. "Why would he help you?!" Dean demands.
> You say "Please let me go!"
"Please let me go!" you scream.


"NO!" Dean howls. "Paul is dead because of you!" He hisses out before continuing to drag you along.


He takes you to a building known as the torture building, and leaves you there to die.


Sorry, but you've lost. Please click on "The Second Test" to start over. Also, comments are definitely welcomed, and thanks for playing!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You stop and help him out of the barbwires knowing how painful that must be for him. He suddenly sees you have a dagger and takes it from you holding it in the air.


"We've got a cheater!" He screams.


Chaos erupts and the demons start screaming about how you're going to die. Suddenly both Dean and another demon enter the cage. You back over to Dean feeling much safer oddly enough with Dean than with the second demon. The demon takes the knife and both him and Dean look over it. Dean's face is hard to read but his eyes flutter to the corner where Paul is. So, he knows who's dagger it is, but does the other demon?


The other demon stares long and hard before turning to Dean. "Is this or is this not, Paul's dagger?" He says seriously.


Dean pretend to look back over it with a hard line on his face. But before he can say something, Paul enters the ring.


"It is." He says frustrated and sadly.


Dean clenches his jaw together and hands the other demon a special knife. You see the knife is made of iron. Dean turns furiously towards you but won't look at Paul. "You come with me." He says to you. You have no choice but to come. Dean takes you outside the cage. You hear Paul's screams from inside the cage, but don't want to look back. Dean flinches every time Paul screams and makes his hold tighter and tighter until you're sure he's going to break your arm. He leads you down so many paths, that you've lost the way long ago. It's a long walk that you endure in silence. You notice Dean has suddenly started to cry.
> You remain quiet
You remain quiet. Dean takes you to a torture building and leaves you there to die.


Sorry, but you've lost. Please click "The Second Test" to try again. Also, comments are welcomed. Please rate and review. Thanks for playing!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You immediately kick his right arm, seeing that's your best option. As expected, he doesn't see this coming and falls back against the barbwire crying out in horrendous pain as his foot gets caught.
> You kick him in between the legs
You kick him in between the legs. He's a guy, it's got to hurt. The guy falls down still tangled in the barbwire and so you continue to kick him giving him a bloody nose on top of it. You hear the guy begging for you to stop.
> You pull out your knife and kill him
You pull out your knife and kill him. He collapses in a blood mess. All the demons go silent a moment before a huge commotion is made.


"You've cheated!"


"A demon has helped you!"


"Disqualified!"


"Kill! Kill! Kill!"


Your heart starts to beat faster. What are they yelling about. Aren't they happy you killed someone?


Suddenly the door opens in front of you and Dean enters looking in a hot fury. He glares at you, his eyes blazing red.


"Where did you get that knife from?!" He demands.
> You say "From Paul."
"From Paul." you answer honestly. You're not about to risk lying to Dean.


The crowd hisses and shout all at once. Suddenly Paul's forced in the cage too. He looks terrified but angry at you for betraying him. Dean take the knife from you and observes it. He then looks angrily to Paul.


"Why did you do this?" He asks Paul furiously, but you can hear some hurt in his voice.


"The human was going to die and you know it!" Paul shouts. The demons all boo and hiss again, but Dean waves his hand and silences them.


"Why would YOU care?!" Dean demands.


"It doesn't matter now. Just kill us and be done with it." Paul says bowing his head submissively.


"No!" Dean shouts pulling out a blade wrapped in plastic. He slowly removes the plastic and you can see it's an iron knife. Paul looks very afraid now, but he doesn't move away. Instead he goes to Dean and kisses him softly before stepping back and standing submissively again.


"Do it, Dean." He says quietly.
> You just stare in shock
You just stare in shock. Suddenly Dean strikes Paul with the knife. The knife cuts open Paul like a laser. He screams out in horrible pain as blood gushes to the floor from his body. He clenches his teeth and continues staring down at the ground submissively. You're so confused. Weren't they a couple? Isn't that why Paul had just kissed him? Yet, here Dean was, abusing Paul.


Another slash is made and another and another. You want to do something but you're not sure what to do.


"Look at me." Dean says quietly. Paul looks up. He's crying. Dean clenches his jaw as if having a hard time with this.


Dean then hands him the knife. Paul's lips pinch together tightly before he aims the knife towards his own heart. Dean looks away. And suddenly, with a loud cry, Paul commits suicide.


You stare in utter shock as the demons cheer. Dean then turns towards you and begins taking out all his pain of loosing Paul on you. Eventually, after a while of torture, he kills you.


Sorry, but you've lost. Please click "The Second Test" to try again. Otherwise, leave your comments, and thanks for playing!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"From Paul." you answer honestly. You're not about to risk lying to Dean.


The crowd hisses and shout all at once. Suddenly Paul's forced in the cage too. He looks terrified but angry at you for betraying him. Dean take the knife from you and observes it. He then looks angrily to Paul.


"Why did you do this?" He asks Paul furiously, but you can hear some hurt in his voice.


"The human was going to die and you know it!" Paul shouts. The demons all boo and hiss again, but Dean waves his hand and silences them.


"Why would YOU care?!" Dean demands.


"It doesn't matter now. Just kill us and be done with it." Paul says bowing his head submissively.


"No!" Dean shouts pulling out a blade wrapped in plastic. He slowly removes the plastic and you can see it's an iron knife. Paul looks very afraid now, but he doesn't move away. Instead he goes to Dean and kisses him softly before stepping back and standing submissively again.


"Do it, Dean." He says quietly.
> You say, "Leave him alone!"
You say, "Leave him alone!"


Both Dean and Paul looks over to you. "You! You be quiet!" Dean demands harshly.  "You're the one that's got him into this mess!" He hisses.


"I'll do it...." Paul says quietly. Do what, you wonder? But it becomes all too clear when he takes the knife from Dean. He turns to you and next thing you know, the knife is through your heart.


Sorry, but you've lost. Please click "The Second Test" to restart. Otherwise, comments are always welcomed. Thanks for playing!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You pull out your knife and kill him. He collapses in a blood mess. All the demons go silent a moment before a huge commotion is made.


"You've cheated!"


"A demon has helped you!"


"Disqualified!"


"Kill! Kill! Kill!"


Your heart starts to beat faster. What are they yelling about. Aren't they happy you killed someone?


Suddenly the door opens in front of you and Dean enters looking in a hot fury. He glares at you, his eyes blazing red.


"Where did you get that knife from?!" He demands.
> You say "I had it when I came to Hell"
"I had it when I came to Hell." you reply. It's a complete lie and you can see neither Dean nor any of the demons seem to believe you. They throw a huge commotion yelling at you to tell who gave it to you. Some even shoot some flames at you, which you jump back from.


"Who gave it to you?!" He yells again.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You kick him in between the legs. He's a guy, it's got to hurt. The guy falls down still tangled in the barbwire and so you continue to kick him giving him a bloody nose on top of it. You hear the guy begging for you to stop.
> You decide he's had enough and kill him
You decide that he's had enough f your cruelty and so you kill him. The crowd again cheers for you before telling you to go back to your corner. You wonder who's next.
> You go back to your corner again
You go back to your corner once again and the body is removed. Dean calls to you telling you this is your final opponent. Just make it through this kill and you're done. The thought relieves you and you feel guilty immediately. You shouldn't be killing! This is sooo wrong! Yet, a small part of you enjoys the adrenaline rush you get from it.


Suddenly your next opponent enters the ring. He's a boy around your age. You can tell that immediately.
> You take the three seconds to observe him
You take the three seconds to observe him. You immediately can see how large he is. He's at least a foot higher than you and twice as big. You start observing for any weaknesses, but he seems to have none that you can see. He is also very buff, meaning he will hit hard. But you remember Paul telling you, the larger they are, the slower they are. She he may hit hard but he will be slow. You feel intimidated. This guy is huge and you're not sure you can take him. You look to find Paul in the crowd who is sitting there relaxed in the chair beside Dean, holding his hand. However, in his eyes, you can see a trace of concern.


The bell rings signaling for you to start. You look back to your opponent.
> You punch him in the stomach
You punch him in the stomach. It's like hitting a rock wall. Your hand seems to almost vibrate from the blow. He grins at you, and suddenly throws you back against the barbwire and it slices you back up. You scream in pain, but you can hardly get it out before he's pounding you hard. He punches you in the jaw breaking it no doubt, and blood immediately drips to the ground.
> You try to kick him between the legs
You try to kick him between the legs. It worked for the other guy, right?! So, you attempt it on this guy, however, he grabs your punch and lifts you into the air by your leg before throwing you to the center of the ring. He then body slams you with all his weight, which is a lot. The breath is knocked out of you and a ringing goes off in your ears. Your vision blurs a bit.
> You look to Paul on weither to use the knife or not
You find Paul in the crowd as the other guy is pounding you again and look at him begging him to look back and give you a sign to use the knife. This seems like a life or death situation. You find Paul and stares right at you before giving a sideways look to Dean, who is looking right at you too, before giving a slight almost unnoticeable nod.
> You pull out the knife and kill the guy
You finally decide to pull out the knife and use it. You'll die otherwise. You're sure of it. The guy is sitting on top of you just punching as hard as he can. You manage to get the knife in you hand and hide it as best as you can before pretending to punch him in the head one good time using the knife to stab him. You have to do this at least three more times, but you're careful not to really show the knife even though blood is now pouring from the guy's head.


The guy eventually goes limp and falls to your side. The crowd is silence a moment as you get up. A demon enters the ring and checks for a pulse. When she can find none, she turns to the crowd and raises her hands as if to say 'touch down'. The crowd explodes into cheer, everyone but Dean who looks pissed.


You try not to look his way and limp out of the cage as you were told. Demons congratulate you as you exit giving you evil smiles and then guide you to Dean and Paul. You can see Dean putting on a fake smile for the crowd that almost leaves you convinced he wasn't mad in the first place. But then you see Paul's eyes which are strained. You see their linked hands and it looks as if Dean is crushing Paul's hand in his own.


When Dean beckons you to walk towards him, you obey without a word. You're limp and injuries are noticeable. Dean pulls on your arm to guide you away from the ring. As soon as his back is turned to the crowd, the smile turns into a hard line of fury. You look at Paul who tells you not to say a thing with his eyes. So you focus on trying to keep up with Dean and Paul's pace and don't say a word.


Congratulations. You've made it through Chapter Three. Look out for Chapter Four, coming out soon. Please rate it and leave your comments below! Thanks for playing!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find Paul in the crowd as the other guy is pounding you again and look at him begging him to look back and give you a sign to use the knife. This seems like a life or death situation. You find Paul and stares right at you before giving a sideways look to Dean, who is looking right at you too, before giving a slight almost unnoticeable nod.
> You give up
You decide this isn't worth it. You're going to get killed anyway, there was no point of you getting pounded if you could just lay down and die peacefully. You give up.


The guy immediately takes advantage of you and snaps your neck.


Sorry, but you lose. Try again by clicking "The Second Test" at the bottom. Otherwise, comments are always welcomed and thanks for playing the game!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You punch him in the stomach. It's like hitting a rock wall. Your hand seems to almost vibrate from the blow. He grins at you, and suddenly throws you back against the barbwire and it slices you back up. You scream in pain, but you can hardly get it out before he's pounding you hard. He punches you in the jaw breaking it no doubt, and blood immediately drips to the ground.
> You punch towards the face
You punch towards the face. He's a strange one, as he blocks your punch he bites your arm until it bleeds. You cry out in even more pain. What the hell are you supposed to do with this one?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You go back to your corner once again and the body is removed. Dean calls to you telling you this is your final opponent. Just make it through this kill and you're done. The thought relieves you and you feel guilty immediately. You shouldn't be killing! This is sooo wrong! Yet, a small part of you enjoys the adrenaline rush you get from it.


Suddenly your next opponent enters the ring. He's a boy around your age. You can tell that immediately.
> You decide you're done and don't want to kill anymore
You decide that you're done and don't want to kill anymore. Too bad, because the other guy does. And so you die.


Sorry, but you've lost the game. Please click "The Second Test" to start over. Thanks for playing and please leave your comments!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You take the next three seconds to observe him. He is a medium build. He looks rather strong, or about as strong as you. Like the last girl, he looks terrified but unlike the girl, he also looks prepared. Perhaps he's been in fight before. You note you should be careful. You look him up and down as he does too. He's Caucasian. You notice all the scratches all over him, particularly his right arm that he seems to be holding close to him. He must've been through the briars too. You conclude your best option is to start with his arm. Perhaps if you broke it, he'd go down quickly.


The bell rings signaling for you to start.
> You try to hit him in the head to knock him out before you kill him
You try to hit him in the head with all your strength to knock him out before you kill him, so he won't feel the pain. However, he seems to be expecting this and grabs your arm throwing you back towards the barbwires. You feel the spikes slice across your skin and you cry out in pain. He takes advantage of your weakness and kicks you hard in the stomach. You double over in pain. He slaps you across the face but pauses a moment when you fall.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You go to your corner. You've clearly won this round. Do you have to face another round or will they let you out now? Demons come in and whisk the child you've just killed away. You still feel an overwhelming feeling of guilt and sadness. But it seems you will have to kill another to get out.


The second opponent is pushed into the cage and the doors slam shut again. This time it's a boy. He's around your age.
> You decide you're not going to fight him
You decide you're not going to fight him. That's too bad. Because when the bell rings he immediately attacks you and kills you.


Sorry, but you've lost the game. Please click "The Second Test" to try again. Otherwise, leave your comments and thanks for playing!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You strike the girl in the head hard to knock her out so she doesn't feel any pain when you kill her. The demons boo, but a kill is a kill to them. You stare at the girl and start crying. This is your first kill. You feel immensely guilty for killing a ten year old girl. You're screamed at to step away from the girl and go back to your corner.
> You numbly stand next to the girl
You numbly stand next to the girl as tears stream down your face. She never had a chance. She was so young. You can't help it. You break down and cry next to the girl. You can't believe you've just taken a life, not just any life, a TEN YEAR OLD's life.


Demons come in to take the girl's body away and they again yell at you to get to your corner.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You assess her as the opponent she is. She's very small, even for a ten year old, and is crying. She will be fast, if she plans to fight. You see she's already got a slip limp, which you observed when she came in. You also notice the fear in her eyes. No doubt, she's scared and doesn't want to be here. Maybe you'd be doing her a favor to kill her? Or maybe you'd be killing an innocent little ten year old. Maybe you're just making excuses to justify your next move.


The bell rings signaling for you to start.
> You immediately pull out the knife and stab her heartlessly
You immediately pull out the knife Paul gave you and stab her in her heart. You are heartless about it, and usually demons love that. However, everyone around the cage, stops yelling and just stares at you as the girl dies. There's a huge muttering all of the sudden, and then Dean enters the cage.


"Where did you get that knife from?!" He demands<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You assess her as the opponent she is. She's very small, even for a ten year old, and is crying. She will be fast, if she plans to fight. You see she's already got a slip limp, which you observed when she came in. You also notice the fear in her eyes. No doubt, she's scared and doesn't want to be here. Maybe you'd be doing her a favor to kill her? Or maybe you'd be killing an innocent little ten year old. Maybe you're just making excuses to justify your next move.


The bell rings signaling for you to start.
> You run at her and kick her in her bad leg
You run towards her and kick her in her bad leg. She cries out in a child like cry of pain and falls immediately to the ground. The demons hoop and holler for you to keep going.
> You kick her in the stomach while she's down
You kick her in the stomach while she's down. This is not a little girl, this is your opponent. You have to start thinking like a demon, in order to get out of here. However, how can you find it in your heart to kill this small thing?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to enter the ring. You've come this far. Maybe it will be quick and painless. Maybe it's just a fight and not really killing someone? You hope it's like that anyway.


You're in a huge ring, where there's a barbwire gate all around you. The floor is cracked and unsteady. There's lights above you making it hard to really see because they're so bright. For a moment you're all alone. Suddenly a hand grabs you from behind and turns you around. You shriek in fear, but then realize it's just Paul. He looks a bit concern.


"Look," he says. "In about 12 seconds, someone will enter from that door over there." He points to the second entry door. He then slips something cool and hard into your right hand. You look down and see it's his knife that he'd had earlier. "I'm not supposed to be helping you. So don't pull this out unless you need it." He tells you. He guides your hand to slip the knife in your pocket. "Now, little ones will be fast, but probably not as strong. Large ones will be strong, but not fast. Medium builds will have average speed, average strength. They'll give you 3 seconds to observe the other player. Assess them and do it quickly. Then attack first. No matter what you do, kill the person and don't die."


"Paul!" you hear Dean shouting his name as if looking for him.


Paul looks up then quickly whispers. "I've got to go. Good luck." Then in a blink of the eye he's gone. You stand there and look for him a moment but the door behind you closes and locks so you look towards the other door, mentally preparing yourself. You're hoping a large one doesn't come in. You're not sure you could kill someone large.


Suddenly the other door opens and a small, Asian girl, around the age of ten enters the ring frighten.
> You gasp and plan not to fight her
You gasp and plan not to fight her. When you hear the bell three seconds later, neither of you move too frighten. After a few seconds of you two just standing there, the demons surrounding the gate start to hiss and boo, screaming at you two to fight.
> You tell everyone no
You tell all the demons 'no' and that you're not going to fight. The hisses and boos get louder. Finally a door opens and hell hound are send in to rip you both to pieces.


Sorry, but you've lost. Please click on "The Second Test" to try again. Comments are welcomed! Thanks for playing!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You continue down the path with Dean and Paul quietly. So you were traded into Hell. That must mean you're not dead..... In that case, you really are a human. God hasn't turn his back on you yet. It had been someone else's fault you were down here. You feel fury run within you. How could someone send you to Hell? For a trade off?! What were they trading?!


Wait! The gang must've done it! The Vipers! People had always said they were demons, but really? Were they? You'd never believed in demons until now. Now that you were in Hell loaded with demons everywhere.


Suddenly you get to the end of the path. You gasp in surprise and fear at what your next task is. Killing..... You've never killed before. Dean gives you a pleasant smile, like a child at Christmas.


"Good luck." he says moving towards Paul to let you in the ring.
> You run away
You run away. You're not killing anyone! No way!


Dean catches up to you and stand in front of you, blocking the path. "If you don't do this, this will show you are a coward. And I will not take a coward in!" He says angrily.
> You say "I don't care!"
"I don't care!" you yell.


"Then I should kill YOU!" Dean says seriously.
> You say "Do it!"
"Do it!" you say. And with his knife, he does.


Sorry, but you've lost. Please try again by clicking "The Second Test" below. Otherwise, comments are wanted and much appreciated. Thanks for playing!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I don't care!" you yell.


"Then I should kill YOU!" Dean says seriously.
> You don't say anything
You don't say anything. So he pulls out his knife placing it to your throat.


"CHOOSE!" He demands.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You break through the edge of the forest and find exactly what you were looking for. The hidden carnival that your friend had told you about, tucked away just past the treeline. The sign before you reads "The Carivelli Carnival" and it's brilliant lights draw you in, promising wonders just beyond the gate.

A tall man stands on a box just before the entrance, his suit is bright green with blue pinstripes, and he has a matching top hat. His face is etched with deep lines, and his dark hair reaches past his shoulders.

"Come and see the wonders within!" He belts in an oddly high pitched voice, waving his hands through the air as if performing a magic trick. His eyes meet yours, and you feel his will pulling you in, and you walk through the gates mesmerized.

Once inside you're dazzled by the bright lights, colors, and music flowing from every corner. People of all ages pass you with smiling faces and you decide to go to see...
> The Bearded Lady
To your left you see a stage with the words "Bearded Lady" painted in bold black letters over it. You slowly make your way to the stage and a petite woman bursts through a dull red curtain. Everything about the woman is beautiful with the exception of the beard.

She wore an off the shoulder yellow dress that cinched around the waist, and the hem stopped just above her knee. Her loose dark curls cascade down her back, and her brown eyes are piercing.

When she reaches the center of the stage she begins to dance. Her intoxicating movements draw in all those in the surrounding area, you push your way closer to the stage as more and more people gather around.
Without warning, a snake peaks out from behind her, and the crowd lets out a gasp.

It mimics her movements around the stage, and the crowd is completely engrossed in the show. The snake starts to hiss at you, but after a moment you realize that it isn't hissing, it's whispering something. You concentrate on the sound coming from it's mouth to find that it knows you. It recites your birth date, your address, your full name, and a multitude of other things that it definitely shouldn't know.

"You belong here. Thissss issss your desssstiny." You look around to see that no one else is as startled by the snake as you are.

You break from the crowd and head to another show...
> You sword Swallower
A crowd rushes around you and pulls you toward a stage bearing the name "Arsoli" and you wonder what it is you're about to see here. After a few seconds, a man covered in colorful tattoos wearing only a pair of leather pants appears on the platform.

The man begins to juggle a set of swords, twirling them in the air, catching them with a grace that most men can't accomplish even with a great amount of practice and patients.

He let's two of the swords sink into the floor of the stage and holds the third high above his head. He tips his head back and gently pushes the blade down his throat. He walks around the stage displaying his obvious talent before pulling the sword out and sticking it into the stage.

He jumps from the stage and walks your way, the crowd parts and once he reaches you, you shrink back. Unsure of what he's going to do, you stammer an unintelligible phrase and he laughs loudly.

"Join us and have everything you've ever wanted."

You close your eyes for just a moment, and when you open them again, the man isn't there, or on the stage. The swords are gone and the crowd is growing impatient, asking when the show is going to start. You don't wait around to see the man and head to another stage...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>My name is Claire of Lune. I have two parents who care deeply for me and a younger brother who annoys me. We live in a log cabin far outside the town of Lune, and the town is far away from the city. We work hard all day to tend our crops or rebuild our stuff, but it is a life I like. Each person in the town has something special about them. Hick can chop down trees faster than anybody. Martha can seduce any man, as long as they’re unmarried. Old Man Roberts can read. I can tell some good stories.


Well, they say I do at least. I don’t think they’re that good in comparison to the story Old Man Roberts reads. He has a few books. They’re about long forgotten tales of heroism and bravery. He wants everybody to call him Gramps. I do.


Right now, my family is sitting around the fire. I’ve wrapped myself with a blanket, but I’m still cold. It’s freezing outside. I don’t like the cold or the snow.


I lean up against my father. He’s warmer than I. I say, “Will it warm soon, Father?”

“Hopefully not,” he remarks, “The crazies have a better chance of freezing.”

“Will they ever come out here?”

“Is there food?”

“Yes Sir.”

“Then they will as long as they’re still breathing.” I shudder.


The fire barely provides any light. The windows’ curtains are drawn, and we don’t have any candles lit. Shadows dance across the floors and walls. My memories of building our home are hazy. Everything seemed bigger back then. I was fascinated by the notches we had to make in order to fit together the logs. I was so excited to climb up the ladder and play in the upper loft. My brother and I still enjoy sleeping up there.


“You two should go to bed,” says my mother. She’s the strict one.

“Do we gotta?” asks my brother.


My parents do not answer his foolish remark. Instead, they stare at him with an emotionless gaze. He nods.


“Goodnight mother. Goodnight father,” we say together. I hug my father; I hug my mother. Then, I scale our rickety wooden ladder up to the loft. The floor creaks after every footstep I take, but I do not fear. We built this house well.


I lie down in bed and close my eyes tightly. I have the same problem that I always suffer from. My head does not wish to sleep.


I think of men and women stalking in the night like wolves looking for a wounded deer. They are hungry. Some don’t have a mind left while others do. The mindless ones are easy. My father learned to shoot bows from an Indian whose name was Joe. Joe still lives here, and he’s the best bowman I’ve ever seen. My father shoots an arrow through the heads of the mindless ones to put them out of their suffering.


Can a person suffer without a mind? When it cracks, does everything become bliss? I really don’t want to find that out for myself, but I imagine that they still feel something. Their flesh rots from their bones, but no bird or maggot eats the decay.


It’s the ones with a mind that I fear. They’re fine physically. They were mostly from the city. I don’t know if anything is still there, but many men, women, and children fled. They got hungry. When people are hungry, they want to eat just as much as the mindless ones. Those people go all about looking for food, and the smart ones go out here. We are farmers, so we must have food. The problem is that there was a blight. We hardly have enough to survive. Some try to take it by force, but we and the town have killed many single people.


“Richard,” says my mother, “What are we going to do?”

“What else can we do?” He sounds so sad. He’s always happy around me. “We should be able to make it through the winter. Then, we’d plant our food. Lune will stick together like it always has. The crazies will die off from the cold and hunger. Things’ll be hard. We’ll make it though.”

“We're isolated, but that doesn’t mean we’re invisible. Dorothy was found dead this morning. A mindless crazy got her.”

“Hush, they still might-.” His voice trails off into a whisper. They’re still talking, but I cannot discern their voices any longer.


I lie in bed and pray for sleep to take me. My arms and legs throb from my labors. My stomach grumbles unsatisfied by my meal. I want to have the bliss of sleep envelope my body, but the respite does not occur.
> You awaken
My eyes shoot open. That was a large thump. It was from outside. I sit up in bed, and see my father putting on boots. He grabs only his rifle and puts on his coat. He hands Mother a revolver and puts a finger to his lips. He opens the door. Cold wind and snow blow into the house. He shuts the door quickly.


I climb down the ladder being careful to not wake my brother. My mother turns to me. She shakes her head and points at me. Then, she points back at the loft. I still come down.


I stand next to my mother, and she says nothing. My ears strain to hear anything from outside. My mother holds the gun as if it’s a snake. Please, let this be a false alarm.


The handle turns. I smile at my overactive imagination.


A man barges in. He pushes my mother down. The revolver falls onto the floor. He twists my mother’s arm behind her back. Two other men push their way inside and close the door. I stand motionless. My mother claws at the attacker’s face, but he punches her in the stomach. She stops and gasps for air.


One of them men grab the revolver while another grabs me. My brother sits up in bed. The man with the revolver points it at my brother.


“Get down here, boy. We don’t want to hurt you,” the gunman says.

“Do what he says,” orders my mother. My brother climbs down the ladder.

“Sit at that table,” continues the intruder.


My mother and brother move to the table. I stand still. When my father comes back, he’ll have no chance. We have to fight.


“Get on. Go with your folks,” the man holding me pushes me to the table. 
> You flee
I run under the arms of the intruder. I open the door. I scream as pain stabs me in my back. I fall onto the snow. My back is on fire. I reach back. It feels wet. I look at my hand, and it is red.


They’re shouting. I cannot tell what they are saying. Another gunshot pierces my ears. It was louder than the revolver. The revolver wielding intruder falls to the ground with blood and grey goo oozing from his forehead.


I push myself inside the cabin. I hear another gunshot. My brother is crying. My mother is lying on the ground with a cut on her forehead. Another intruder tumbles back, but so does my father. The last man is holding the revolver. He fires two more times into my father. He does not react to the hits as his blood pools on the floor.


The man is crying. He leans over his two companions. He leaves them both and cries even more. My head feels light. I cry.


I scream, “Father! Mother!” I shake. I cannot control it.


The man points his gun at me. I try to keep my gaze on him. It does not fire. Instead, he puts the gun in his mouth and pulls the trigger. He falls to the floor as well. My brother runs away and hides. I look at my chest. There is blood covering this side as well. I cough blood onto the floor.
> You end It
I crawl over to the revolver. It still has one bullet left. I force my arm to not shake or my finger to not prematurely pull the trigger. I put the gun in my mouth as well. I hope this won’t hurt too much.


Nothing happens. I throw away the gun in a fit of rage. How dare it take everything away from me and give me nothing in return. I lie on my back next to the man who killed himself.


I look over at my mother. Why is she even on the ground? Why couldn’t have she helped?


I hear my brother’s crying. I suppose somebody in the town will take him in. The bastard is a wimp, and now he’ll be scarred for life. I wish he would’ve done something.


I gaze at my father. Why did he have to check on that sound? If he would’ve stayed inside, then maybe we wouldn’t be dead. He had to play the hero. Thanks for nothing.


I close my eyes. I wait for sleep to take me. It doesn’t. Darkness does.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I run under the arms of the intruder. I open the door. I scream as pain stabs me in my back. I fall onto the snow. My back is on fire. I reach back. It feels wet. I look at my hand, and it is red.


They’re shouting. I cannot tell what they are saying. Another gunshot pierces my ears. It was louder than the revolver. The revolver wielding intruder falls to the ground with blood and grey goo oozing from his forehead.


I push myself inside the cabin. I hear another gunshot. My brother is crying. My mother is lying on the ground with a cut on her forehead. Another intruder tumbles back, but so does my father. The last man is holding the revolver. He fires two more times into my father. He does not react to the hits as his blood pools on the floor.


The man is crying. He leans over his two companions. He leaves them both and cries even more. My head feels light. I cry.


I scream, “Father! Mother!” I shake. I cannot control it.


The man points his gun at me. I try to keep my gaze on him. It does not fire. Instead, he puts the gun in his mouth and pulls the trigger. He falls to the floor as well. My brother runs away and hides. I look at my chest. There is blood covering this side as well. I cough blood onto the floor.
> You wait for the Bleeding
I lie back. I focus on my breathing. I breathe in. I breathe out. I force my lungs to obey my will. I need to cough, but it won’t do any good.


My tears trickle into my mouth. They’re salty. I should’ve stayed. Then, my father would be alive. Is my mother even alive?


I look over to her. She is lying on the ground. Her wound doesn’t appear to be a gunshot. Instead, it looks like somebody bashed her head. I think she’ll live.


I hear my brother. He’s too young to do anything. Maybe he and my mother will be supported by our town. Maybe, he’ll heal emotionally one day.


I gaze at my father. He was only trying to protect us by checking on the sound, but instead he and I are dead. I wish he is still alive. He deserves to live.


I close my eyes. I’m so tired. I finally fall into rest.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>My eyes shoot open. That was a large thump. It was from outside. I sit up in bed, and see my father putting on boots. He grabs only his rifle and puts on his coat. He hands Mother a revolver and puts a finger to his lips. He opens the door. Cold wind and snow blow into the house. He shuts the door quickly.


I climb down the ladder being careful to not wake my brother. My mother turns to me. She shakes her head and points at me. Then, she points back at the loft. I still come down.


I stand next to my mother, and she says nothing. My ears strain to hear anything from outside. My mother holds the gun as if it’s a snake. Please, let this be a false alarm.


The handle turns. I smile at my overactive imagination.


A man barges in. He pushes my mother down. The revolver falls onto the floor. He twists my mother’s arm behind her back. Two other men push their way inside and close the door. I stand motionless. My mother claws at the attacker’s face, but he punches her in the stomach. She stops and gasps for air.


One of them men grab the revolver while another grabs me. My brother sits up in bed. The man with the revolver points it at my brother.


“Get down here, boy. We don’t want to hurt you,” the gunman says.

“Do what he says,” orders my mother. My brother climbs down the ladder.

“Sit at that table,” continues the intruder.


My mother and brother move to the table. I stand still. When my father comes back, he’ll have no chance. We have to fight.


“Get on. Go with your folks,” the man holding me pushes me to the table. 
> You comply
I sit down in a chair.


“I’m Morty,” says the man with the revolver, “Don’t any of you move or make a sound. That way, he won’t get hurt.” He motions outside.


I sit still. I cannot move. Tears fall down my cheeks.


The door’s handle moves again. My father comes inside. He’s looking down and stomps his feet.


I think somebody threw a rock, but-.” My father stops speaking when he sees the other men. Morty is holding the revolver to my mother’s head.

“Drop it slowly,” demands Morty.


My father looks at us. Without taking away his gaze, he lowers his rifle to the ground.


“Sit down with your folks,” says another intruder. He picks up the rifle. “I’m Jacob. That’s Huxley. He’s Morty. Where’s your firewood?”

“We still have some in here,” my father responds, “It’s in that box.” He points to it. They throw more firewood on our dwindling fire.

“Can your woman cook up something warm?” asks Morty.

“Of course,” she states. She stands up and moves into the kitchen. Huxly follows her.


Jacob moves to the fire he takes off his gloves. His hands have ice crystals on them. They’re pale. He tries to push off the ice and snow off of his beard and clothes. He outstretches his arms and basks in the amazing heat. He looks younger than my father. I suppose his parents are dead by now.


Morty appears to be faring better than Jacob. His orange hair is not covered in ice now is his skin as pale. He’s awfully thin. I think Huxly is thinner.


“Will you have any visitors any time soon?” questions Morty.

“We always check on our neighbors in case this happens. I’d suspect they’d come tomorrow or the day after.”

“How many people are in the town?”

“Oh, many. They’re all armed like I was. We don’t take prisoners, but we don’t track people who haven’t hurt anybody.”

“I get it. Well, you better understand that we don’t want trouble either. There’s a large group of the crazies coming this way. We’ll only stay until morning.”

“Just don’t hurt my wife or kids.”

“Just don’t force me… What’s your name?”

“I’m Richard.”

“What about the rest of you?”

“That’s Claire and Amos. My wife’s Ladonna.”

“It smells like she can cook good.”

“She does.”


We all sit in silence again. My mother steps out of the kitchen with a pot. She hooks it over the fire and sits down at the table.


“Sorry about hurting you,” says Huxley. His face is still bleeding from my mother. She doesn’t say anything in reply.


Time passes by at a snail’s speed. I pray that the pot will heat up soon. I don’t know how long their manners will last.


My mother goes over to the pot. I think it’s soup. She stirs the soup and steam rises from the top. She goes back into the kitchen and comes out with spoons and bowls. She picks up the pot and pours it out for the men. They grab the spoons and bowls and devour their sustenance.


The rifle is sitting on the floor. The revolver is in Morty’s britches. I could grab the rifle. No, it is too far away. I could run outside to look for help. No, I’ll freeze. It’s too long until I can find town…
> You run Outside
I push down my chair and push open the door. I don’t hear any gunshots behind me. I run through the snow. If I run fast enough, maybe I’ll make it.


I run down the road in my nightgown. The snow is up to my ankles. I trip and fall. My legs feel bruised, but I stand back up. The wind is cold. I shiver.


I remember autumn when the fields produce their bounty. It is a time of joy before this time of depression. I wish it was warmer. I always enjoyed fishing and letting my feet dangle in the cool waters.


I turn around to check if I have a pursuer. I do not, but there is a trail of blood coming from my feet. I run harder. Running makes more heat.


Have the intruders killed my family? Did I endanger them? It doesn’t matter. I have to save them. They could die without my help. Why did they even find our house? This doesn’t make sense.


Slowly, the coldness that grips my body transitions into warmth, but it is a bad warmth. It is like being burnt by the sun. Something is wrong with my skin. It’s too cold.


I run faster. Tears drop down from my eyes. My nose is like a waterfall. My hands look red. I feel so tired.


There was once a bird that sang at my window. It was many years ago, but I remember her fondly. She just sat there and chirped away. I would lie in bed hiding the sun with my covers, but I would always stand when I heard her. I had to see her. I had to know the provider of my joy.


I fall again. My arm bleeds. There’s a deep red line running down. I limp forwards. I must go forwards. It has to be soon. It has to be just beyond my sight.
> You lune
I can see the village. It is so close. I fall to the ground. I try to stand, but I fall again. I use my arms to pulls myself through the snow. It is so close. I have to reach it. I edge my way towards a home.


I crawl up the front porch. At the foot of the door, I bang on the wood. I scream for help. Old Man Roberts opens the door.


“Dear God, get inside,” he says. He picks me up and lays me by the fire. He takes off my soaked gown and lays a blanket on me. I feel so warm, yet I am so cold.


Through my teeth, I stammer, “Fa-fam-ly.” I do not know if he heard me. Darkness overtakes me. It’s a warm shade of black, and I am not quite sure if its sleep or death which embraced me.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I sit down in a chair.


“I’m Morty,” says the man with the revolver, “Don’t any of you move or make a sound. That way, he won’t get hurt.” He motions outside.


I sit still. I cannot move. Tears fall down my cheeks.


The door’s handle moves again. My father comes inside. He’s looking down and stomps his feet.


I think somebody threw a rock, but-.” My father stops speaking when he sees the other men. Morty is holding the revolver to my mother’s head.

“Drop it slowly,” demands Morty.


My father looks at us. Without taking away his gaze, he lowers his rifle to the ground.


“Sit down with your folks,” says another intruder. He picks up the rifle. “I’m Jacob. That’s Huxley. He’s Morty. Where’s your firewood?”

“We still have some in here,” my father responds, “It’s in that box.” He points to it. They throw more firewood on our dwindling fire.

“Can your woman cook up something warm?” asks Morty.

“Of course,” she states. She stands up and moves into the kitchen. Huxly follows her.


Jacob moves to the fire he takes off his gloves. His hands have ice crystals on them. They’re pale. He tries to push off the ice and snow off of his beard and clothes. He outstretches his arms and basks in the amazing heat. He looks younger than my father. I suppose his parents are dead by now.


Morty appears to be faring better than Jacob. His orange hair is not covered in ice now is his skin as pale. He’s awfully thin. I think Huxly is thinner.


“Will you have any visitors any time soon?” questions Morty.

“We always check on our neighbors in case this happens. I’d suspect they’d come tomorrow or the day after.”

“How many people are in the town?”

“Oh, many. They’re all armed like I was. We don’t take prisoners, but we don’t track people who haven’t hurt anybody.”

“I get it. Well, you better understand that we don’t want trouble either. There’s a large group of the crazies coming this way. We’ll only stay until morning.”

“Just don’t hurt my wife or kids.”

“Just don’t force me… What’s your name?”

“I’m Richard.”

“What about the rest of you?”

“That’s Claire and Amos. My wife’s Ladonna.”

“It smells like she can cook good.”

“She does.”


We all sit in silence again. My mother steps out of the kitchen with a pot. She hooks it over the fire and sits down at the table.


“Sorry about hurting you,” says Huxley. His face is still bleeding from my mother. She doesn’t say anything in reply.


Time passes by at a snail’s speed. I pray that the pot will heat up soon. I don’t know how long their manners will last.


My mother goes over to the pot. I think it’s soup. She stirs the soup and steam rises from the top. She goes back into the kitchen and comes out with spoons and bowls. She picks up the pot and pours it out for the men. They grab the spoons and bowls and devour their sustenance.


The rifle is sitting on the floor. The revolver is in Morty’s britches. I could grab the rifle. No, it is too far away. I could run outside to look for help. No, I’ll freeze. It’s too long until I can find town…
> You do Nothing
I sit. That’s all I do. What else is there to do?


I watch the men as they eat. I do not make eye contact with them, and I’d rather be invisible. The soup drips from their mouths and into their beards. Jacob’s skin still looks pale while Huxley can’t seem to eat fast enough to satisfy his flesh.


My mother is a statue. My brother sobs without a sound. My father is slouched. We’re powerless.


The three intruders fill their bowls again. Morty drops his bowl and mutters a word I do not understand. He doesn’t clean up the mess. Instead, he refills his bowl.


“You got a rope?” asks Jacob.

“Excuse me?” replies my father. He glances at my mother.

“You got a rope? You know, a good one?”

“No.”

“Stop lying. I want to get some shut eye. You and your wife need to be… well, restrained. It’s all logical.”

“It’s in the barn.” The other two men stop eating.

“I may be hungry, but I ain’t that stupid. You got bed sheets. We’ll use those. Girl, go get yours.”


They are going to tie my parents? Will they do anything else?


“Girl,” says Jacob.

“Y-Yes,” my eyes open wide.

“Get your bed sheets.”

“Yes mister.”


I stand up. I glance at my parents, and my father nods at me. I walk to the ladder without any haste. I look over my shoulder twice. These men are insane. It is not a good idea to sleep in a house of people who you just invaded…


I climb to the top of the ladder. There is my bed. I used to look forward to sleep in it. The mattress was my key to hours of rest. Now, the sheets are a method of misery and humiliation. I take them off. There’s a thick one made of wool and two thin ones. I lean over the side and drop them on the floor. I cringe as the sheets fall into the spilt soup.


Huxley takes a thin sheet. He walks behind my father who doesn’t look at the brute. My father places his arms behind the chair, and the man ties the sheet onto the chair. I’m pretty sure it was a poorly made knot. Jacob does the same to my mother. My brother still cries.


I slink down to my family. Jacob sits in one of our chairs and closes his eyes. Huxley has the rifle, and Morty has the revolver.


Time moves by at an alarmingly slow rate. My parents occasionally shift in their seat. Jacob sleeps. Morty and Huxley warm themselves by the fire. Even my brother leans his head against the table to sleep. I do nothing.


Is it even possible to do nothing? Nothing cannot be anything, so does one have to do something to actually do it? Am I partaking in the act of remaining motionless? Am I refraining from doing? More importantly, why I am so bored when my life is in danger? This is supposed to be a serious situation, yet I almost wish my father would mention our checkers board to them.


“What do y’all do for fun around here?” I am brought from my daydream. “Is all you do work, eat, and sleep?” continues Morty. My parents do not answer him. He might become angry if nobody answers him.

“We, we do many things, mister. We have checkers. We talk to our neighbors or play outside. I tell stories.”

“Can you read?”

“No.”

“So you give oral ones to them?”

“Yes.”

“Can you give one to me?”

“Um… sure.” What should I say?
> You tell a Story
I say, "Um... Well, there once was a castle that sat on top of the hill. It is still there, and you can still stand under it in awe. It took the riches of one queen over her entire lifetime to build it. The finest craftsmen, the greatest masons, and the most gifted artists of the kingdom all converged into a single place for decades.


“Its walls were decorated on the outside with the white marble from the western mines. Its highest point almost could reach heaven. The drawbridge was made of the thickest cedar from the old Tyre kingdom to the South. That is just what the people outside could see. They were mostly stuck in city that surrounds the grand castle. Though, the city had running water and an underground sewer system that had never been seen before.


“Inside the walls, oh, it is hard to describe. Silver ran through the seams of the stones. Tapestries detailing history and folklore drape from every wall. Those walls stretched higher than even the old churches. Their ceiling was curved, and I never learned of how they accomplished that. There were windows looking out that the visitor could use. They were very long and so thin. Each hall had doors which led to stables, great halls, servant’s quarters, royal quarters… They even had a bakery. It was its own town.


“My first memory was in the halls. I was lost and crying. I felt trapped, for nobody was around me. It was only me. I’ve been told that a guard brought me back, but it was those walls that I remember. When I ran my hand across their magnificence, they felt cool. I would secretly lean against the walls during the summer. When I would pull my body off the walls, there was a small patch of sweat left behind.


“The people were happy living under the rule of the queen. There were no wars, for there was peace with the surrounding lands. The navy was beyond compare that was docked in the port. In the morning, I stood in awe gazing at the sun as it rose through the sails.


“The queen had two children. One was a boy, and the other was a girl. The girl stayed inside most of the hours, but the boy played outside. They were as loved as the queen, but the boy was adored by all. He took the name Daivat the Magnificent. He grew up in the ways of the warrior and the diplomat. His fame grew powerful as his body matured.


“One fateful year, the queen became ill. She laid in bed for days with her daughter attending her every need. She died on a moonless night with her children around her. The queen ceased to be, but a King was thus born.


“Everything was fine.”


“Stop,” demands Morty, “Your story sucks.”


Will he come after me? No, he turns back to the fire. I am fine. My heart is racing. My body is sweating. I’d rather be bored now.


“Damn,” hisses Huxley, “Did you hear that?”

“What?” asks Morty. Huxley kicks Jacob. He moans.

“They’re here,” whispers Huxley. “They must’ve followed the smoke trail like we did.”

Jacob asks, “The crazies?” Huxly nods. “Should we put out the fire?”

“It won’t matter,” laments Morty.


I look at my parents as the men continue talking. My mother shrugs her shoulders. What if there are crazies outside? I could maybe untie my parents without them noticing me. What if there aren’t any of them out there? If I untied my parents, then the men could be scared enough to shoot us.


I ignore the men’s chatter and strain for any sound from outside. The popping of the fire and their words drown all other sounds. If there are crazies, then I would have no idea. They go for door, or at least the smarter ones do. Is the door even locked? No, it isn’t. These intruders are dump beyond redemption. Should I lock the door, or should I free my parents? If I do nothing, then they’ll shoot us. They aren’t stable enough. The men are starving and suffering from frostbite. They are like crazies with a partial mind.
> You untie your Parents
I stand up and move behind my father. I look around as if nothing is amiss, but my hands attempt to unravel the knots. They haven’t noticed me, but they do look afraid.


“Girl, get back in that chair,” says Jacob. I nod and do so immediately. My father’s arms fidget. I hope I untied enough of them.


I hear a thump. A gun is shot. I duck under the table. They are trying to kill us. They spotted me.


I hear screaming. It’s one of the intruders. Cold air is blowing in. Someone catches on fire. My father is out of his seat. There’s growling. I hear gurgling and gasping for air.


“Please!” yells Morty. Something rips, spatters, falls to the ground.


Somebody grabs my legs. I kick and crawl away. It lets go. Moving bodies are everywhere. I run through the chaos. I have to get outside. I can warn the town.


Arms grab me. I scream from their grip. I kick and twist. The arms slam me into a wall. My head rings and throbs. I see the intruders. They’re all dead. One arm is in the fire. A spine is on the ground. My mother is screaming. It’s coming from outside. Where’s Father? Where’s my brother?


I am dragged outside. The winter air bites at my skin.


There are men. They’re everywhere. Their muscles bulge. Their eyes are black. Drool leaks from their mouths. I can feel the drool dripping on my neck and down my back.


I hear grunts. I see five of them. One is bleeding from a gunshot. They head inside. I see one more lingering in here. Tears cloud my vision.


I am pushed to the ground. I see the outline of one come to me. He towers over my form. They weren’t supposed to be in groups.


“Girl,” it growls. It is more animal than beast now. Why am I alive? My mother screams again.


It grabs my chin forcing me to look up. The others are all watching and feasting on the intruders. This one is taller. I am yanked up. He looks excited.


“Do it,” he demands.


I am now in summer. This is summer. Nothing is wrong. I am fishing. Fishing is so peaceful.


My line is being tugged at. I pull back on my rod. I see the line move back and forth in the water, so I jump to my feet. I raise my pole and snatch the fish before it could free itself.


The fish squirms in my hand. The slime is cool and sticky, so I set it onto the earth. It tries to flop to the life-giving water, but I smash its head in with a rock. It squirms no more. I toss it into a pile of other fish.


It is helpful that nobody comes out here. The skies are peaceful like the waters below. The only ripples of my world are the ones caused by me. Then again, there are countless other places to fish with bounty since this is my special place. Nobody comes into my special place.


I shove my last piece of worm into the hook. The metal pierces through its intestines which pains the still living creature. Blood seeps out. It makes a plop when the hook and worm hit the water. I sit back on the ground and lean against the tree again.


I yawn. The shade is relaxing. It’s so hot, so any break from the heat is something I enjoy. My line is tugged at again. I stand while keeping the rod steady to not frighten the fish. I wait for another tug. I stare with all the focus that I can muster. It has to move soon.


Nothing happens. I pull out the line from the water and into my hand. I examine the worm. There’s no evidence of any creature’s bite marks though it is still pierced. I shake my head and lower the worm into the depths again.


I close my eyes and wait for sleep’s embrace.


My eyes open again, yet I do not know what waked me. I pull my hook out of the water and notice that the worm is gone. I set my pole down and pick up my net. I toss it into the pool of water. I pull out the few remaining fish. I carry the net over to the stream and release the fish back into their old home, for they deserve to make it back.


I pick up my pole and the few fish I caught. Instead of walking home, I stare into the distance. The sun is touching the eastern mountains. Its red bleeds into the valley below filling the untouched lands with its rays. Birds chirp far above my head. I smile at their music, for it is an innocent song. I breathe in the fresh air and sigh.


I walk back home on a game trail. My prints now cover what were once the tracks of animals. They don’t use this one that often anymore, for they still fear mankind and rightfully so.


I set my fish down inside my home. Mother and Father are out in the fields sowing seeds for the fall harvest. My brother is with them helping their labors. I waive at my family from inside our home. They see me from the window and wave back.


Everything is fine.
> You awake into Reality
I shiver. My breathe turns into a mist. My body aches. Bruises are everywhere.


Heavy breathing comes from the kitchen. I’m inside my home. Except for a crazy’s corpse next to me, there’s nobody in here. The corpse is burnt, and flesh is rotting from the bone. The flesh falls off. The door is open. It’s bright outside. That one must’ve not left. I hope he suffered as he saw the sun.


There’s a trail of blood on the floor. Pieces of… I can’t tell. They’re pieces of people. It’s all in a line, several lines. All of which go to the kitchen from where the breathing emanates. The breathing is labored. The revolver is next to me, and I do not know if it has anything inside.


I reach and grab the gun. My savior has three bullets, yet I hope to use only one. I sit up, and the floor creaks. A crash comes from the kitchen. I stand. It cannot reach me, for I am in the light. I could run and find help. Where is my family? My mother’s screaming no longer pierces the tranquility while I see no evidence of my father or brother’s demise.


It growls. The creature knows I am here. Rage swells inside me, for they took from me what I deserve. I deserve the innocence that I no longer have.


I drop the gun and fall on my hands and knees. I heave until the meager contests of my stomach poor onto the floor. I continue to heave though there is nothing left, and my insides scream in protest.


I cry. My tears fall into my vomit. I try to push the bile from my hands, though the stench is even more unbearable.


“Damn you!” I shout. “Damn all of you and all of your kind!” I pick up a chair and throw it at the kitchen. It does not reach. I grab whatever is small and hurl it to the dark room. The beast grunts, but I do not see its form.


“Come out, come out. Face me.” I slam my hands on the table. “Sniveling bastard, come out here!”


The beast does not emerge, so I take hold of the revolver again. I stand in front of the kitchen door.


Is this a good idea?
> You leave
I open a trunk by the fireplace and pull out some clothes. It is, was my mother’s. I put them on, for I would freeze if not. I put on my shoes and put the revolver in my pocket. The clothes are loose, so I wrap a belt around myself.


I open the curtain to shed more light into the living room. The beast will be trapped. The people of Lune will come and kill it.


The ground is covered in bare prints that go in all directions. I walk to the back of the house hoping to find something, or maybe my mother’s footprints could be leading away from this hellhole. I turn the corner and see what is back here.


I lean against the house. My head feels dizzy. I retch again.


Her clothes are ribbons. Her body no longer looks human. Bones covered with tissue and flesh without form are strewn about the ground.


I want to cry. I want to feel despair, but I cannot. I cannot feel, for anguish has taken emotion out of my soul. I simply stare at what is left of her corpse. Maybe she was killed immediately and only her body was desecrated.


I walk away. Down the street I go. I used to play here, for other children and I would run. Indians would battle Cowboys, or later the sane would battle crazies. Now, I flee a crazy in a trot.


I can hear nothing. No birds sing, and no wind blows. Only the crunching of my footsteps on the snow reverberates through this lifeless desert.


Prints, I see a pair of footprints in the snow. They’re small, much too small to be a crazy. I run along the path of the prints. It is a miracle they’re still here.


They weave along the path. It trends rightwards only to stumble back. Is there still goodness left in this world? If so, then I must find life.


I stop running. There’s a mound of snow surrounded by the prints.


“Amos?” I call. There is no reply. I walk to the mound. It’s a shelter. Inside, lays his body. I crawl to him. “Amos?”

“I’m cold,” he whimpers. I smile.

“Let’s go.”

“I’m too cold.”

“Then I’ll carry you. Get on my back.”


I leave holding his legs. He says nothing else, but I can hear his breathing. His body is cold, and I dare not check for frostbite. Though, there must be.


I continue to walk down the path.
> You lune
I see Lune.


The moment I do, I scream, “Help!” Townspeople rush out. They’re ragged and tired, yet they’re so much more alive than I. As the villagers reach me, I am bombarded with words.


“Is your brother okay?” “Are you hurt?” “Is this a joke?” “Where’s your parents?” All their questions swirl together.


“My brother is dying from the cold. Help him,” I demand.

“I’ve got a fire,” says a lady. I hand Amos to her.


“Why happened to him?” asks another villager.

“People invaded my house. Then, crazies killed them. My mother was… I was… Is my father here?”

“No, I am so sorry for what happened dear,” a woman laments. “Come with me. You need to go inside.”

“There’s one left in my kitchen. There’s blood everywhere. Have the men kill it.”


A man, he commonly led the other men, barks orders. Guns are brought. The men run down the path, and some are on horseback. The women force me to go inside. They take me to the house with my brother. He’s by a fire. He’ll live. That’s nice.


I think the women know what happened. At least, I think they do. They try to give me a blanket, feed me food, or place me next to a fire. I refuse each time.


“What can we do for you?”

“Let me hear silence. Tend to my brother. Never let him see my house again.”


They nod. They merge with the swarm around my brother. Children are looking through the windows. The bastards don’t know what I’ve seen and felt, yet they view me as an attraction or something to entertain them. Don’t they?


I reach my hand in my pocket. I feel the gun and rub my fingers up and down the barrel.


I have done my duty. My brother is safe. There is no more work to do on the farm, for there is no farm… not anymore at least.


I don’t see anything to do in my future. I’ll probably become an old maid now. My brother, he’s young. Maybe he’ll forget about all that has happened. I won’t. He won’t if I’m around.


I grip the gun tight. Perhaps this still has one more use. I shake my head, and I finally sit down.


I close my eyes.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I shiver. My breathe turns into a mist. My body aches. Bruises are everywhere.


Heavy breathing comes from the kitchen. I’m inside my home. Except for a crazy’s corpse next to me, there’s nobody in here. The corpse is burnt, and flesh is rotting from the bone. The flesh falls off. The door is open. It’s bright outside. That one must’ve not left. I hope he suffered as he saw the sun.


There’s a trail of blood on the floor. Pieces of… I can’t tell. They’re pieces of people. It’s all in a line, several lines. All of which go to the kitchen from where the breathing emanates. The breathing is labored. The revolver is next to me, and I do not know if it has anything inside.


I reach and grab the gun. My savior has three bullets, yet I hope to use only one. I sit up, and the floor creaks. A crash comes from the kitchen. I stand. It cannot reach me, for I am in the light. I could run and find help. Where is my family? My mother’s screaming no longer pierces the tranquility while I see no evidence of my father or brother’s demise.


It growls. The creature knows I am here. Rage swells inside me, for they took from me what I deserve. I deserve the innocence that I no longer have.


I drop the gun and fall on my hands and knees. I heave until the meager contests of my stomach poor onto the floor. I continue to heave though there is nothing left, and my insides scream in protest.


I cry. My tears fall into my vomit. I try to push the bile from my hands, though the stench is even more unbearable.


“Damn you!” I shout. “Damn all of you and all of your kind!” I pick up a chair and throw it at the kitchen. It does not reach. I grab whatever is small and hurl it to the dark room. The beast grunts, but I do not see its form.


“Come out, come out. Face me.” I slam my hands on the table. “Sniveling bastard, come out here!”


The beast does not emerge, so I take hold of the revolver again. I stand in front of the kitchen door.


Is this a good idea?
> You enter
I take the gun in my hand. I march into the kitchen. I do not see it. The room is so dark.


The pots are thrown in all directions. The table is smashed, and its shards look like icicles. Human remains are half gnawed, though I can barely make out the face of Jacob. Blood, crap, and urine are on the floor and walls.


I turn around. It is between the door and me, but it does not move to attack. It is still wearing clothes.


“Father?” I ask. It gives no reply. “Father is that you?”


It moans and limps away from the door. One of his legs decomposes, for a ray of light shone from the doorway to his leg.


“Can you understand me? Did you hurt me as well?”

It stops walking at a dark corner.

“Why aren’t you attacking?”


My eyes adjust to the light. Though the face is deformed, it still looks like the man it used to be. I can see my father’s face. The face looks sad and pained.


I swallow. Is he still alive in their watching helplessly? Is he dead?


“I’m sorry,” I say. I pull the trigger. I am pushed backwards and slip in the blood. I fall into the floor, and my head is slammed into a pot.


It wails. It wails in pain like an animal.


I stand and steady my feet. I pull the trigger again. The bullet goes through its head. Blood and goo splatter on the wall. I fire one last time.


I leave the room.


My bare feet are bleeding from splinters, covered in crap, and soaked in blood. I use what’s left of my nightgown to clean them.


I climb up the ladder to the loft, and put on some of my clothes and my belt. I want to lie in bed, but I cannot forget my family. My mother or brother may still be alive. I take my coat and head outside.


I feel as though I have been punched in the stomach. I’m disgusted. I wish to rip out my heart, for I have killed my father. I lean against the house. The world rotates around my head, so I sit in the snow.


I’m so dizzy; I’m so horrible. I am a murderer.


I wanted to kill my father. The crazies deserve to die, but my father did not. I… I don’t know what to think. I’m too tired.


I walk. I stumble forward to Lune. I stop, for they would kill me. Yes, that would be my punishment for killing my father. No, that doesn’t make any sense.


What am I going to do?
> You to Lune
I go to town, for they may pity me. I wobble down the road drifting both right and left. I look at my feet to know that I am walking, for I can hear nothing. A sharp ringing won’t escape my ears.


What will happen when I reach town? Will they hang me, or will they shoot me? Maybe I can say that I found my father already shot. Yes, I could do that. I can say everything else truthfully, so I will live.


The world is covered in white, but I can see a splotch of black in the distance. It is not Lune.


As I near, its movements become apparent. I call out for help, and it stops. I rush to it, but I slip in the snow. I push myself back to my feet and continue running. It is my brother.


“Claire,” he says. His teeth chatter.

I kneel next to him and ask, “Are you okay?”

“Yes, Pa saved me. Where’s he? Where’s Ma?”

“I don’t know.”

He says something too quietly for me to hear.

“Can you say that again? My hearing isn’t working well.”

“Can you help me get to Lune?”

“Yes, how are you alive?”

“I made a shelter. It got too cold.”


He climbs on my back, and I pick him up. My legs ache. My entire body is sore, dirty, and tarnished.


“Are you crying, Sis?”

“No.”

“You are.”

“Save your strength.”


Those intruders, they killed my father. They caused me to be attacked. They caused my brother to freeze and my mother to disappear. If it wasn’t for them, we’d have had the door locked and our fire no longer burning. The crazies would’ve passed by or failed to get inside. Instead, they came. At least they died.


I take step after step. I want to sit and give my legs a rest. I want to close my eyes and sleep away my sorrow. No, the weight that presses on my back must reach Lune. My brother deserves to live, for he did nothing wrong. Yes, he’s annoying, but I love him.


There it is. Lune is just a speck, but it will only become closer now.


“We should call for help,” I tell my brother.


His screams pierce my ears. My screams echo his. We yell, “Help.” Help is something I wish we had a day earlier. No, we were too far from them.


Men and women rush to us. I let my legs buckle. I crash to the snow. It’s alright now. My brother is safe, and he will survive. That is all I want now… Well, my mother is missing.


“Tell them that mother is missing.”

“Okay.”

“Never let them tell you anything about our Father.”

“Okay.”


We are surrounded. Hands grasps at us. Mouths say words that I do not understand. My brother says something to them, but I cannot discern them either. It’s like the world is outside and I’m stepping back into a cave. Darkness creeps into my vision, and sounds are hard to hear. I feel cold.


I close my eyes. I smile.


It’s time to rest. I don’t particularly care if I wake up.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I take the gun in my hand. I march into the kitchen. I do not see it. The room is so dark.


The pots are thrown in all directions. The table is smashed, and its shards look like icicles. Human remains are half gnawed, though I can barely make out the face of Jacob. Blood, crap, and urine are on the floor and walls.


I turn around. It is between the door and me, but it does not move to attack. It is still wearing clothes.


“Father?” I ask. It gives no reply. “Father is that you?”


It moans and limps away from the door. One of his legs decomposes, for a ray of light shone from the doorway to his leg.


“Can you understand me? Did you hurt me as well?”

It stops walking at a dark corner.

“Why aren’t you attacking?”


My eyes adjust to the light. Though the face is deformed, it still looks like the man it used to be. I can see my father’s face. The face looks sad and pained.


I swallow. Is he still alive in their watching helplessly? Is he dead?


“I’m sorry,” I say. I pull the trigger. I am pushed backwards and slip in the blood. I fall into the floor, and my head is slammed into a pot.


It wails. It wails in pain like an animal.


I stand and steady my feet. I pull the trigger again. The bullet goes through its head. Blood and goo splatter on the wall. I fire one last time.


I leave the room.


My bare feet are bleeding from splinters, covered in crap, and soaked in blood. I use what’s left of my nightgown to clean them.


I climb up the ladder to the loft, and put on some of my clothes and my belt. I want to lie in bed, but I cannot forget my family. My mother or brother may still be alive. I take my coat and head outside.


I feel as though I have been punched in the stomach. I’m disgusted. I wish to rip out my heart, for I have killed my father. I lean against the house. The world rotates around my head, so I sit in the snow.


I’m so dizzy; I’m so horrible. I am a murderer.


I wanted to kill my father. The crazies deserve to die, but my father did not. I… I don’t know what to think. I’m too tired.


I walk. I stumble forward to Lune. I stop, for they would kill me. Yes, that would be my punishment for killing my father. No, that doesn’t make any sense.


What am I going to do?
> You to Nowhere
I stagger into the forest. I go in no direction. I take a left and a right then a left and walk forwards. I trip over a root.


I stand and walk again. I have to get away from everything. Everything is wrong.


I see footprints. They are my own, but the impressions are in front of me. I turn around, and they’re behind me as well.


I sit down. I am lost.


I look up. Trees circle around me. I can hear nothing, for ringing drowns out any other sound.


I shiver, for I am cold. I am so cold, yet I do not wish to be warm. I wish to sleep and never wake up. That is how I must escape. I look at a tree again. Yes, this can be my savior.


I take off some of my clothes and tie them together. I wrap it around my body and climb up a tree. Its trunk is thick and its branches are long, so it should suffice.


I reach a thick branch that has none below. I tie my rope around the wood. I take off my belt and tie the other end of the rope around it. I pull the belt around my neck to where I can hardly breathe.


I look over the edge. I take a step.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I say, "Um... Well, there once was a castle that sat on top of the hill. It is still there, and you can still stand under it in awe. It took the riches of one queen over her entire lifetime to build it. The finest craftsmen, the greatest masons, and the most gifted artists of the kingdom all converged into a single place for decades.


“Its walls were decorated on the outside with the white marble from the western mines. Its highest point almost could reach heaven. The drawbridge was made of the thickest cedar from the old Tyre kingdom to the South. That is just what the people outside could see. They were mostly stuck in city that surrounds the grand castle. Though, the city had running water and an underground sewer system that had never been seen before.


“Inside the walls, oh, it is hard to describe. Silver ran through the seams of the stones. Tapestries detailing history and folklore drape from every wall. Those walls stretched higher than even the old churches. Their ceiling was curved, and I never learned of how they accomplished that. There were windows looking out that the visitor could use. They were very long and so thin. Each hall had doors which led to stables, great halls, servant’s quarters, royal quarters… They even had a bakery. It was its own town.


“My first memory was in the halls. I was lost and crying. I felt trapped, for nobody was around me. It was only me. I’ve been told that a guard brought me back, but it was those walls that I remember. When I ran my hand across their magnificence, they felt cool. I would secretly lean against the walls during the summer. When I would pull my body off the walls, there was a small patch of sweat left behind.


“The people were happy living under the rule of the queen. There were no wars, for there was peace with the surrounding lands. The navy was beyond compare that was docked in the port. In the morning, I stood in awe gazing at the sun as it rose through the sails.


“The queen had two children. One was a boy, and the other was a girl. The girl stayed inside most of the hours, but the boy played outside. They were as loved as the queen, but the boy was adored by all. He took the name Daivat the Magnificent. He grew up in the ways of the warrior and the diplomat. His fame grew powerful as his body matured.


“One fateful year, the queen became ill. She laid in bed for days with her daughter attending her every need. She died on a moonless night with her children around her. The queen ceased to be, but a King was thus born.


“Everything was fine.”


“Stop,” demands Morty, “Your story sucks.”


Will he come after me? No, he turns back to the fire. I am fine. My heart is racing. My body is sweating. I’d rather be bored now.


“Damn,” hisses Huxley, “Did you hear that?”

“What?” asks Morty. Huxley kicks Jacob. He moans.

“They’re here,” whispers Huxley. “They must’ve followed the smoke trail like we did.”

Jacob asks, “The crazies?” Huxly nods. “Should we put out the fire?”

“It won’t matter,” laments Morty.


I look at my parents as the men continue talking. My mother shrugs her shoulders. What if there are crazies outside? I could maybe untie my parents without them noticing me. What if there aren’t any of them out there? If I untied my parents, then the men could be scared enough to shoot us.


I ignore the men’s chatter and strain for any sound from outside. The popping of the fire and their words drown all other sounds. If there are crazies, then I would have no idea. They go for door, or at least the smarter ones do. Is the door even locked? No, it isn’t. These intruders are dump beyond redemption. Should I lock the door, or should I free my parents? If I do nothing, then they’ll shoot us. They aren’t stable enough. The men are starving and suffering from frostbite. They are like crazies with a partial mind.
> You lock the Door
I rush to the door.


“Stop!” yells Morty. I do not pay heed. I pick up the wood and lay it in the two slots. The door is locked.


I am yanked back. “Get away from there,” Jacob hisses. I am pushed down. The other two men tip over my parents, and they lie on the ground as well. I can see Jacob’s sweat on his brow. He sees me staring at him. He puts his finger to his lips.


The floor outside creaks. Huxley covers my brother’s mouth. The floor again creaks only to be followed by another. A voice rumbles from the other side of the wall. It’s harsh and without life. Another voice responds with a grunt. The front door is pushed. The lock does not budge. We will be fine. We will be. The lock will hold. It will.


Morty unties my father. My father unties my mother. The door will hold.


I jump. The wall has been slapped. It is slapped again. The voices become louder. The voices gain in number. I tremble.


The window is bare of all but glass and a curtain. I’ve never heard of glass being broke. Have the crazies killed all who have seen it?


I close my eyes. I close them tight enough to hurt my face.


Banging, creaking, shrieking, yelling, pushing, roaring, tapping, moaning, breathing. It’s all so much. I don’t want to be here. I want to run. I have to. No, I mustn’t. I’m caged, trapped. There’s no way out. No quarter is spared to me, for they rape, kill, and cannibalize.


The door is pushed again. I hear a crack from the wood. There’s no gust of wind, so the door must still be closed. When will light come up the horizon? When will light drive away my peril?


I close my eyes tighter. I focus on my breathing. I inhale and exhale in my lifelong ritual. In and out. It’s simple. I do it without thinking most of the time, but now is not the case.


Is that what I hear? It’s nothing. I open my eyes. Jacob is smiling. I pray for the sound of footsteps leaving in the snow, but I hear none. No, I hear nothing. Is there still something?
> In the Morning
I yawn. The fire is out. The three intruders are standing and moving. It was their footsteps that woke me. Light peeks through the curtains. I stand.


“They’re gone,” my father says. I nod. There’s no joy in my heart, but there is relief.

“Here’s this,” mumbles Morty. He hands my father the two guns. My father takes the guns from his hands and sets them on the ground.


They each say “Goodbye.” None of us shake their hands. I hold my hand up in a motionless wave. They leave our home one by one. Through the door, I see the entire ground, and it’s trampled by footprints as far as my eye can see. Red snow is at the edge of the forest. The door closes.


My mother moves into the kitchen carrying the empty pot of soup. My father sits in a chair. My brother is on his lap with his face buried in my father’s chest.


“Will they be gone forever?” I ask.

“The men, yes,” my father replies, “I cannot say the same for the crazies. The tracks are too many for one or even a dozen. Claire, we’re only alive because they never realized we were inside. If they were in any way smart, we’d be dead or worse.”

“Will we leave for safer places?”

“To where?”

“Will I leave?”

“To whom?”

“Am I going to die soon, Father?”

“I don’t think so.”

“What are we going to do?”

“We’ll head to Lune. There’s more people, good people.”

“What does Mother think?”

“She agrees.”


I walk to the curtains and pull them open. The white snow makes my eyes squint. The scars of evil are left behind in the once virgin winter. I cross my arms, for I am cold. I don’t want the world to be this way. I want it to be nicer, but it isn’t nice. No, instead it is foul and rotten. I wish there are maggots to consume the rot.


I close the curtains. I climb up my ladder. I take off my nightgown and put on some clothes for today. I come down and head into the kitchen. I take a bucket, a sponge, and some of my mother’s water. I kneel where Morty dropped his soup. I clean his mess. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You have her here locked away.


It took you awhile but it all payed.


You took little joy in what you did.


But now she was yours and it was all finished.


She lays against the wall, mind confused, she can't recall.


You would let her rest as time would come.


To make amends, to have some fun.


Tape's you remembered.


Tape's to make her laugh.


Tape to make her quiet.


Tape that scared her so fast.
> You past
Boxes lay in the basement, filled with treasures, reminders, regrets.


Photos of the scene of what transpired, all of your family that would conspire.


The looks that they would give, after what you did.


Fines and Letters, piled neatly together.


Then and Now, you couldn't handle it, now its all gone.


At the very bottom lie the photos of her.


New ones would be took, the hard part would have to come first.
> You tapes
Tape to cover her mouth.


Tapes for her to watch.


You couldn't have both, but one would have to do.


No one can know, she may never tell.


She would never tell.


Maybe taping her eyes, you don't want to see the tears anymore.
> You solitude
Time fixed things.


Things that you feared. 


Things that made her cry.


Even with the black eye.


You can't take it back.


You know what you did.


She hates you now.


But when was it ever different?


"Time would fix things."


What Bullshit.
> You awaken
Time came. 


So did the investigations.


The knocks on the door.


The search of the house.


The confusion of the emptiness.


Just a sad man alone.


You knew it would come, and you hid her away.


Now it called for a time of change.


You went to her after days of silence.


Yet you know there would be no silence.


Chains rattled as she let out a scream.


She still had spark, even with her life in seams.


You barked and barked for her to quit.


Yet she continued, spit coming from her lip.
> You mistakes
Bruises, bruises on her face.


On her cheeks.


So came shrieks.


Remorse was something long gone.


You took the path.


It came with wrath.


Obedience was the key.
> You hatred
Each day was not okay.


You thought things would change.


betwixt the slaps and kisses.


There was no fixing the ditches.


You saw it in her eyes.


Daddy's girl had gone and died.
> You tears
The slaps ceased.


For the reasons of peace.


Peace that was never to come.


She would go for the throat, wishing for a gun.


Mistakes were made.


Mistakes were made.


Made the mistakes by the man who wished,that things could have been been met with love and kisses.
> You mistake
Each day you sought for a future.


A future that included the forgiveness of kin.


But that was something that could only be wished.


The day she managed to slip from the chain.


bringing the makeshift shank to your shin.


She grabbed the key and ran for the steps.


Still not being able to end it with a singe slit.


you lay there incapacitated and unable to move.


It was time for something new.


You dragged yourself to the drawer.


Knowing the men would be back.


Triumph looks, guns in hand.


Chambered was the round inside the glock.


 

Cocked and ready you took the shot. 


"The end doesn't justify the means."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Time came. 


So did the investigations.


The knocks on the door.


The search of the house.


The confusion of the emptiness.


Just a sad man alone.


You knew it would come, and you hid her away.


Now it called for a time of change.


You went to her after days of silence.


Yet you know there would be no silence.


Chains rattled as she let out a scream.


She still had spark, even with her life in seams.


You barked and barked for her to quit.


Yet she continued, spit coming from her lip.
> You change
Now that the men have come and gone.


It was time to get her to accept this all.


The look in her eyes when you told her they left.


Hopes of rescue theft and dead. 
> You delicate
Embarrassed and ashamed of what you did.


You took extra care in future actions you would commit.


Even so each touch came a shudder.


A yelp.


A cry.


A wish to die.
> You determination
How.


How could you make someone love you again.


After beating them, in senseless sin.


A question that had to be found.


But some things are lost.


Never to be found.


 
> You evil
They said you were evil.


A man born in hell.


A father to girl who should have been well.


They blamed you, and blamed you. 


Cutting off ties.


Hoping and wishing for their son to die.
> You insanity
Could you forgive someone?


Someone who was careless. 


Someone who had sinned.


You prayed for religion to forgive your shame.


In the irony that you would end up in flames.


For you knew this fantasy you were living, trying to keep this girl from living.
> You sorry
She lay dead.


Slumped against the wall.


Gun still warm.


One bullet in all.


Again you were alone.


Alone once more.


Only a hollow shell of a man built for so much more.


 

You raise the gun.


Softly against the head.


Of someone everyone wished dead.


"Guns."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Tape to cover her mouth.


Tapes for her to watch.


You couldn't have both, but one would have to do.


No one can know, she may never tell.


She would never tell.


Maybe taping her eyes, you don't want to see the tears anymore.
> You love
Her eyes had layers of fear.


Fear of the truth.


Fear of the unknown.


You sit next to her.


Giving a warm smile.


She shudders away.


Muttering of mom.
> You persistence
To what once gave her light.


You tried to bring it back in chats.


Though she relentlessly spat.


you guess you couldn't blame her.


What could you do to see her smile.


You give her a hug.


"Do you still love me?"


She shrugs you off.
> You anger
"You still loved her! I gave you everything."


"You took her away."


"It was the only way you would stay."


"To think I would stay."


"You will stay."


She looks away.


Tears on her face.
> You questions
Questions she asked.


Answers she received.


Still confused about your intentions.


As if there was more to your deeds.


All you wanted was her.


Simple as it was.


Hard for her to believe.


Hard for them to believe.


To think you had sinister intentions.


How evil could you be?
> You intentions
The questions continued.


The answers stopped.


Once again she was locked up.


Isolation, Isolation.


There was no end.


 

So it was that she went mad.


Wishing her dad to come back.
> You thoughts
She would not eat.


She would not drink.


She sat in the corner and continued to weep.


You stopped answering her.


So she went mad.


So funny, yet so sad.
> You days gone by
"Sam, are you ok?"


Nothing is said, her face is blank.


This is how it is.


Her mind long gone.


Your mind long gone.


The death of her mom is what started it all.
> You drive
You two left that house behind and drove to the place where her mom resides.


Her eyes and legs still in binds.


A reminder of what happened that faithful night.


The drive is quiet, the moonlight is nice.


You carry her, to the grave of the dead.


The lake, where you dumped her head.


It's then that you take off the binds.


And lay down the basket, blanket at hand.


Food is placed.


Drinks are served.


She eats quietly, not muttering a word.


"Sorry Sam." Is all you say.


She continues eating what's on her plate.


"I taught you how to drive, so you'll be fine."  You toss her the keys to your ride.


After the meal is done, she gets up, with only blank eyes.


She grabs the keys and walks to the car.


Never looking back, never stopping in her tracks.


It's then that you get up and let out a yawn.


You start walking, the water reaching your legs.


"I'll be seeing you bitch." and with that it ends.


"Shock and Awe."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Questions she asked.


Answers she received.


Still confused about your intentions.


As if there was more to your deeds.


All you wanted was her.


Simple as it was.


Hard for her to believe.


Hard for them to believe.


To think you had sinister intentions.


How evil could you be?
> You queen of dust
Mad as she was in the situation she was in.


She didn't seemed threatened which was a step towards bliss.


You did your best to make her feel warm.


Inside this basement dorm she would call home.


You brought down a T.V and fed her well.


You tried to make the best of things without letting her out of the cell.


Her crying stopped so that was good too.


But the dead eyes made your soul turn a shade of blue.
> You stockholm Syndrome
Day by day.


Month by month.


It took a gentle hand to come out from her rock.


It was the day.


On the third month.


That a smile appeared,


While under your arm.


 

The chains were long gone.
> You guilty
Even though the smiles came back.


Your conscience, also was a recurring fight.


The idea that someone like you had a rightful conscience.


But it was there.


It had always been.


Clouded away by the love of kin.


You see her now eating bread.


Laughing at the T.V, motioning you over with a hand.


Then you look around.


Basement and all.


The pink walls you colored to mask the actions.


The actions that were there.


What have you done.


A slave you made.


A child no more.


A puppet no less.
> You forever in Bliss
As you sit down.


Again once more.


You think things could be worse.


With her mother the whore.


Both of you laugh.


Laugh with delight.


At the tapes you kept collected.


For a rainy night.


 
> You epilouge
Things wouldn't continue like this.


That you knew.


They would come back.


Suspicions abrew.


So they did.


A month later on.


They took her away.


Her shrieking once more.


Though in the love of her dad.


Who she knew would be locked away.


But this was best.


You had it coming.


You were just thankful for the love.


That would never die.


"Unconditional love."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Even though the smiles came back.


Your conscience, also was a recurring fight.


The idea that someone like you had a rightful conscience.


But it was there.


It had always been.


Clouded away by the love of kin.


You see her now eating bread.


Laughing at the T.V, motioning you over with a hand.


Then you look around.


Basement and all.


The pink walls you colored to mask the actions.


The actions that were there.


What have you done.


A slave you made.


A child no more.


A puppet no less.
> You birds in flight
Sweat came down.


Drip by drip.


you walk upstairs.


"are you getting some chips?" 


Upset you are as she says that so calm.


You unlock the door and look right behind.


"Come on Samantha, were going for a ride."


Startled she was by this sudden command.


Hastily she comes, sweater in hand.


Up you go side by side.


Knowing now that no one needed to die.


What now?


Cell or vacation.


That story is for another occasion.


True Ending "Ride on."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"You still loved her! I gave you everything."


"You took her away."


"It was the only way you would stay."


"To think I would stay."


"You will stay."


She looks away.


Tears on her face.
> You answers
You asked her questions.


Questions about the weather.


About the days that she spent with you together.


If she missed all of that.


But she always had the same answer.


"When are you coming back..."
> You little Talks
You talk with her.


She talks back.


Tension never leaves though, but you don't mind that.


It's normal after all for that to be.


But you would never hit her.


Nothing but a smile and a wish for her to be as happy as can be.
> You oblivion
She said you were oblivious.


You laughed it away.


She said you were in denial.


Your smile beginning to fade.


She said she missed you.


You grew quiet.


She asked when you were coming back.


No more talks for awhile.
> You dad
You sort through the photos.


Grimy with dust.


The three of you together.


forever you thought.


One dead. 


No....two dead.


It would never come to three dead.
> You say "HI"
"How are you?"


"Fine as I can be."


"Can I get you anything?"


"Freedom and peace."


"You ask for to much."


"Hypocritical for you to say."


"Are you not scared of me?"


"You would never hurt me."


You look away.
> You what once was
"It doesn't have to be this way." 


"It's already done."


"You don't have to be done."


"My time will come."


"Is that what you wanted, me tied up."


"And what would you do if I took them off."
> You redemption
They came off.


It was unlocked.


After much reluctantly.


It was over and done.


But as the two of you sat in the car.


With her asleep, dreaming of mom.


You dropped her off at the steps of god.


The old man confused at the unconscious girl, you said she was a runaway and needed to go home.


With that done, and the house left behind.


You got on the highway and went for a drive.


"I need time."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>To what once gave her light.


You tried to bring it back in chats.


Though she relentlessly spat.


you guess you couldn't blame her.


What could you do to see her smile.


You give her a hug.


"Do you still love me?"


She shrugs you off.
> You begging
You beg and beg.


She would not listen.


Things took a turn for the worse.


and she got beaten.


if you were coming through it was surely dead.


How close you were if you were just calm like her mom.


Her mom was her idol.


She was her doll.


but where did that leave you.


Better if dead.
> You aftermath
You boarded the front door and you boarded the windows. Her escapes would be hindered.


 

You were stockpiled as if was a eternal winter.


 

You spent every second with her as if it was your last.


 

You couldn't let moments like this pass.


 

She doesn't look at you and you feel bad.


 

Why did you beat her, she never deserved that.


 

"Samantha?"


 

She ignores you.


 

Nothing new.
> You memory
Her mom.


What a woman she was.


A woman who though she was strong.


A woman who thought she was better than most.


A woman who thought her daughter was better with her.


The bullet put her in her place.


Her body body dumped in a lake.


 

Her family knew.


 

Your family knew.


 

No evidence found.


 

the charges withdrew.
> You days
You never have visitors so the house stays silent.




 

The only sounds are from you and you can't stand it.




 

The damage was permanent, you couldn't fix it.




 

This isn't what you wanted.




 

But it's what you received.


 

The thought of it kills you.


 

It makes you weep.
> Weeks
What happened to you.


What happened to turn you like this.


Forgiveness in a criminal.


What a laugh that would commit.


You treated those you disliked with pain.


with death.


Were you such a coward to bring it to her.
> You anger
You didn't want to be mad anymore.
> You fists
You didn't want to hurt anymore anymore.
> You death
Had you pulled it on yourself rather than her how good it would have been for her.


A education.


A boyfriend.


A child


A house.


A future.


Happiness.
> You sorrow
I'm sorry Samantha.
> You love
The day she was born and in your arms you had dreams.


 

Dreams of protecting her from boys.


 

Dreams of protecting her from bullies.


 

The dream of protecting her from the world.


 

Now you can't even protect her from yourself.


 

This was a stupid decision and you treated her wrong.


 

You don't regret taking her though.


 

She was all you had.


 

Selfish as it was.


 

 

She was all you had


 

 

 she was corrupted by that bitch and you would kill her again.


 

Stockpiled you were for a eternity to spend all the time with her.


 

To go to places.




To visit Italy.




To visit France.


 

To only have happy memories.


 

But it would begin and end in this house.


 

Death would meet you, but not without one last smile.


 
> You love
You remember her smiles.


 

You remember the laughs.


 

You remember her mom.


 

Before everything shattered like glass.


 

She was your daughter.


 

You were her dad.


 

You wouldn't let them take her away.


 

She was all you had.
> You realization
.


Why did you do this.




 

This didn't go as planned.




 

She would hate you forever.




 

The death of her mom.




 

When you shot her down.




 

She was always a mommy's girl.




 

All you wanted was her love. 




 

All you wanted was for her to smile.




 

"Will you just look at me?"




 

She looks down.
> You unravel
You take off the tape.


 

You take off the rope.


 

Her restrains are gone.


 

Except for you.


 

You lead her up the steps.


 

Through the house.


 

For the last time.


 

Puzzled at this she just follows lead.


 

You get a hammer and start taking off the boards.




A new day for her, this time alone.


 

You give her your phone and remind her of the number.


 

"They'll take care of you"


 

Instead of racing out the door, Samantha reaches for your hand. Tears are streaming down her face.


 

"Why did you do this. Now i'm going to lose you to."


 

"I'm sorry Samantha."


 

You smile and gently push her outside.


 

She doesn't budge and hugs you with a cry.


 

"Don't you fucking dare do it. Were going to wait for them together. I don't care if i can only see you on the weekends, or even monthly. I'm not losing you too you selfish prick." 




She continues to sob as she never lets go.




You take the phone from her hand.


 

"911, what's your emergency."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>.


Why did you do this.




 

This didn't go as planned.




 

She would hate you forever.




 

The death of her mom.




 

When you shot her down.




 

She was always a mommy's girl.




 

All you wanted was her love. 




 

All you wanted was for her to smile.




 

"Will you just look at me?"




 

She looks down.
> You together
Gas is silent.


Gas is harmless.


Gas is harmful.


Gas helps.


Gas fixes problems.


Gas reverts choices.


Gas is a  good  solution.


Gas is how you did it.


Together you were in the basement.


as the CO comes in.


You read her a story.


One about a knight protecting a child from a evil witch.


the knight ends up killing the witch.


The child though was angry as the witch was a mentor and mother figure to the child and treated her as her own.


You never finish the story.


"Together we rise, Together we fall."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Whew..." you sigh heavily as you walk through the door, undoing your tie as you walk in. You have just came to your suburban home from an especially exhausting day at work, and instead of retiring to bed immediately, you decide to sit on the couch and watch some TV. Your house is a 2 story house in a very populated development.

"Hopefully a new episode of House is on, I want some entertainment!" you mumble under your breath.

You turn on the TV and the news is on. "Typical of my wife to leave the news on.." The newscaster is reporting on a local case of the rabies, where the ailed person attacked another member of his neighborhood. The neighborhood in mention is the next one over from yours.

"That's strange... I've never heard of a case of the rabies being televised before.." you state. The newscaster goes on to explain that there was also another case of the rabies in another neighboring town.

"This is so strange" you think to yourself. You shake it off, change into your pajamas and go to bed. It's just rabies. Maybe a rabid dog got loose somewhere? Maybe it's just a coincidence? Oh well, you block it out of your mind as just a way for the news to attract some attention to itself, and go to bed.
> The Next Morning
The next morning you wake up from a heavy sleep. You sit up and are in awe at the sight around you. Your room is in tatters, everything is destroyed. "What the hell happened here?!" You exclaim. After looking around your room, you hear a shuffling from downstairs. You then realize that your wife is missing. You think about going downstairs to check the sound out.
> You choose to go downstairs to check out the commotion
You get up from bed to see what the commotion is about. As you walk down the stairs, you hear the shambling and shuffling get louder.

"What the hell is going on...?"

You also hear a strong moan coming from the hallway. You reach the bottom of the steps, and notice your wife, bloodied with tattered clothes, and bite marks upon her neck and arms. She snaps her hear in your direction looking directly at you. She then lets out a guttural roar. She starts shambling in your direction.
> You make your way to the kitchen! Fast!
You decide to run to the kitchen in hopes of finding a weapon. Unfortunately, the kitchen is right beyond your zombified wife! You notice that there is a small table with a brass lamp next to you.
> You lamp + Zombie's head = Success!
You pick up the lamp and whack the zombie over the head as hard as possible, knocking the zombie onto the ground. You step over her and grab your biggest knife from the kitchen. You run over to your wife and thrust the knife through her skull. "Jesus christ... what is this thing?!" you scream. You decide to head upstairs for your handgun. You go upstairs and grab the handgun, and head downstairs to the basement. You grab extra ammo, some first aid items, and a flashlight. You obviously grab a backpack for all your supplies. You also notice a large machete, but worry if it will be too heavy for your travels.
> You big knives = good
"I'll probably need this" you say confidently. You grab the Machete and put it in your backpack with the handle sticking out of the top for easy access. You put on the backpack and realize the weight difference is almost nonexistent. You walk outside to the garage for your car keys. Once inside the garage however, you realize that you also have your trusty bike.
> You grab the car keys
You decide the best course of action would be to take the car. Mobile protection, right? You quickly open the car door and hop inside. You slam the door shut and start the engine, alerting the horde of zombies in the neighborhood. They shamble to the car, pounding on it, trying to get to their mobile meal. You hurriedly put the car into reverse, running over a couple of zombies in the process. During all of the commotion, a zombie manages to climb on top of your car and onto the windshield. You swerve to get him off, but to no avail.
> You (If you have the handgun) Shoot it in the head!
You pull out your handgun quickly and shoot the zombie in it's head, freeing your vision. You narrowly avoid a telephone pole, and travel down the street. You notice your tank is running on empty. You overhear on the local radio that the government is setting up an extraction point nearby. You drive to the exit of the development to find that your car has run out of gas. You see zombie are fixing on your position. You notice a thick patch of brush to your left side.
> You make a run for it out of the development!
You get out of the car to make a run for it. You think you'd be faster than a bunch of rotting corpses anyway. You leap out of the car, running for your life, but there are so many zombies that you begin to doubt your plan. You get closer and closer to the main highway, but as you reach it, you see a pile-up of crashed cars on both sides. Flaming zombies shamble towards you from both of the pile-ups. You panic, looking every direction to find an escape route, but find nothing. The zombies hone in on you and devour you whole.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You pull out your handgun quickly and shoot the zombie in it's head, freeing your vision. You narrowly avoid a telephone pole, and travel down the street. You notice your tank is running on empty. You overhear on the local radio that the government is setting up an extraction point nearby. You drive to the exit of the development to find that your car has run out of gas. You see zombie are fixing on your position. You notice a thick patch of brush to your left side.
> You (If you have the machete) Hack through the brush
You quickly whip out your machete and head towards the brush. You slice and dice your way through the brush to a secluded spot. You rest for the moment, thinking you are safe' when you realize that you've made a path for the zombies, too! The zombies shamble slowly towards you, spelling imminent doom for you. The close in on your position and you do your best to fight them off. One eventually grabs hold of your arm and pulls you in. The zombies quickly have taste of their jungle-snack!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide the best course of action would be to take the car. Mobile protection, right? You quickly open the car door and hop inside. You slam the door shut and start the engine, alerting the horde of zombies in the neighborhood. They shamble to the car, pounding on it, trying to get to their mobile meal. You hurriedly put the car into reverse, running over a couple of zombies in the process. During all of the commotion, a zombie manages to climb on top of your car and onto the windshield. You swerve to get him off, but to no avail.
> You keep attempting to swerve (If you do not have the handgun)
You twist and turn the steering wheel, attempting to throw the zombie off of the car. You car is becoming harder and harder to control. After a couple more swerves, you manage to get the zombie off of the car. Now you're able to see, and realize you're 2 feet from a telephone pole.... You have no time to turn your car away from the telephone pole, and crash into it, killing yourself in the process.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I'll probably need this" you say confidently. You grab the Machete and put it in your backpack with the handle sticking out of the top for easy access. You put on the backpack and realize the weight difference is almost nonexistent. You walk outside to the garage for your car keys. Once inside the garage however, you realize that you also have your trusty bike.
> You hop on the bike
You think the bike would be a more practical idea. You quickly hop onto the bike and race down the street. Many zombies notice you, and shamble after you. Ay oncoming zombies you dodge, having increased maneuverability due to riding a bike. You ride your bike down the street and notice at the end of the road, a house boarded up. You see gun barrels pointing out of holes in the wooden planks. It seems like the house is well protected.
> You go to the house and knock on the door
You decide that talking to the survivors is your best bet at surviving. You bike up to the house and knock on the door. You hear someone walking down the stairs from the inside. "WHO THE HELL'S THERE?! GO AWAY!" a voice from the inside yells. "It's okay! I'm a survivor!" you say firmly back. "How do we know you aren't infected?! Or bitten?!" The voice yells back. "Would you like to check?" you say back. The door opens, and a burley man with a rifle stands in the doorway. "Come with me" he beckons. You walk with him up the stairs. He introduces you to all of the survivors. "Now that we've allowed you to live, give us your supplies" the burley man demands.
> You hand over your supplies
"Here, just take them. If they can benefit you all as well" you say to the survivors. "Thank you. My name's Rick. Nice to have you aboard." the burley man states. THese are our comrades.
Rick points to 3 other people
Aliena, the medic, Derrick, the sharp-shooter, and "Flamengo," an agent of sorts.
"Flamengo" is dressed in a black suit with black sunglasses covering his face. Flamengo pulls you aside for a second while the other 3 pick off zombies.
"Hey, come walk with me for a second."
> You talk with Flamengo
"I've got a proposition for you kid." Flamengo says. "I'm a government agent sent to scout for an evac pad. I ended up getting stuck with these goons." Flamengo says, aggravated. "We need to dtich these guys, and you look like a smart fella, I know where the government evac pad is."

"Go on..." you say attentively.

"I can get us there, but we don't have the supplies. We need to steal em' from these idiots, what do you say?" Flamengo asks.
> You government agent? Evac pad knowledge? Weapons? Sign you up!
You agree to Flamengo's plan and ask him what the first course of action is. "Take the supplies, then we'll jet. Don't take what we don't need. You hear me?" Flamengo says. "Yeah, I get you." You reply. "Take this bag" Flamengo says, as he hands you the bag. He points to the storage room, and tells you to get the supplies from there. You walk into the supply room. Upon entering you gab all sorts of needed supplies. Ammo, med-kits, and food. You spot a double-barreled shotgun. The shotgun seems very heavy, but it'll give you the support you might need to fight off masses of zombies.
> You take the shotgun
You decide to take the shotgun. Blowing zombie's brains out, heck yes! You pack the shotgun in your bag. You realize it is quite heavy. YOu hear a argument brewing outside in the main room, followed by gunshots. You walk out of the room to see everyone but Flamengo dead. "C'mon" he says. "Hopefully you packed correctly." You both walk downstairs and out of the house. "Cmon! Hurry up!" Flamengo yells. You find yourself struggling to keep up because of the shotgun. "HURRY. UP!" Flamengo yells at you loudly, attracting more zombies. Out of nowhere, a zombie grabs your bag. You struggle to keep it, but more come from behind. They grab you and make you into a mid-day snack!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You agree to Flamengo's plan and ask him what the first course of action is. "Take the supplies, then we'll jet. Don't take what we don't need. You hear me?" Flamengo says. "Yeah, I get you." You reply. "Take this bag" Flamengo says, as he hands you the bag. He points to the storage room, and tells you to get the supplies from there. You walk into the supply room. Upon entering you gab all sorts of needed supplies. Ammo, med-kits, and food. You spot a double-barreled shotgun. The shotgun seems very heavy, but it'll give you the support you might need to fight off masses of zombies.
> You screw it, leave the shotgun
You think the shotgun will slow you down, besides, you have Flamengo! You hear an argument taking place outside of the room you are in, followed by gunshots. You walk out of the room to see everyone dead except Flamengo. "C'mon" he says "let's go!" The both of you walk out of the house and make a run for it. Flamengo is shooting zombies left and right with amazing accuracy. You're glad you went with him! "The extraction point is this way, keep up the pace." Flamengo says calmly. You both escape the zombie horde to see armored SWAT trucks with a fully equipped SWAT tram. They take you in and kindly greet Flamengo.

Congratulations! You Survived!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I've got a proposition for you kid." Flamengo says. "I'm a government agent sent to scout for an evac pad. I ended up getting stuck with these goons." Flamengo says, aggravated. "We need to dtich these guys, and you look like a smart fella, I know where the government evac pad is."

"Go on..." you say attentively.

"I can get us there, but we don't have the supplies. We need to steal em' from these idiots, what do you say?" Flamengo asks.
> You blow Flamengo off
"I can't do that to these guys" you say. "They just saved my life."
"Correction, fool. One did. And if you won't join me, someone else will. You'll regret this." Flamengo says angrily. Flamengo walks out of the room angrily, and you hear talking from outside of the room. You walk back into the house's main room to see an argument brewing between Rick and Flamengo.

"I just heard your conversation back there, you pig!" Rick states angrily.
"You have no idea who you're messing with, idiot! I work with the government!" Flamengo fires back.
Rick grabs Flamengo and shoves him to the ground.
"C'mon, man! Help me out here! He's gonna kill us all!" Rick screams at you.
> You help Rick!
You decide to help hold Flamengo down. Rick pulls out his pistol and shoots Flamengo in the head. "Damn traitors." Rick says under his breath, "C'mon, we got zombies to kill."
"A massive horde's a-comin!" Derrick states. "Help us out, dude!" Rick exclaims. He hands you some ammo. You quickly take a position from the window and pick off as many zombies as possible. The horde just keeps coming. All of a sudden, an armored SWAT truck pulls up to the house, and clears away as many zombies as they can. They storm through the house. "C'mon! Get in the truck! We're here to save you!" The SWAT member states. They escort you to the truck, and you drive away safely.

Congratulations! You Survived!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I can't do that to these guys" you say. "They just saved my life."
"Correction, fool. One did. And if you won't join me, someone else will. You'll regret this." Flamengo says angrily. Flamengo walks out of the room angrily, and you hear talking from outside of the room. You walk back into the house's main room to see an argument brewing between Rick and Flamengo.

"I just heard your conversation back there, you pig!" Rick states angrily.
"You have no idea who you're messing with, idiot! I work with the government!" Flamengo fires back.
Rick grabs Flamengo and shoves him to the ground.
"C'mon, man! Help me out here! He's gonna kill us all!" Rick screams at you.
> You keep the peace
"Don't hurt him!" you scram. "We need all the help we can get!" Rick shoots you a nasty look. "... you have a point, I guess." Rick replies. Rick gets off of Flamengo.

"Thank you, Rick." Flamengo says. He then pulls out his pistol and shoots you in the head. "Lousy, good-for-nothing idiot..."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide that talking to the survivors is your best bet at surviving. You bike up to the house and knock on the door. You hear someone walking down the stairs from the inside. "WHO THE HELL'S THERE?! GO AWAY!" a voice from the inside yells. "It's okay! I'm a survivor!" you say firmly back. "How do we know you aren't infected?! Or bitten?!" The voice yells back. "Would you like to check?" you say back. The door opens, and a burley man with a rifle stands in the doorway. "Come with me" he beckons. You walk with him up the stairs. He introduces you to all of the survivors. "Now that we've allowed you to live, give us your supplies" the burley man demands.
> You say "No way! They're mine! GTFO!"
"NO way! Screw that!" you say defiantly. "Fine, have it your way, punk!" The burley man says. The burley man picks you up by the collar of your shirt, and throws you out of the house and locks the door behind him. You see the survivors' guns retreating from their gun holes. Waves of zombies fix on your position, and devour you whole!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You think the bike would be a more practical idea. You quickly hop onto the bike and race down the street. Many zombies notice you, and shamble after you. Ay oncoming zombies you dodge, having increased maneuverability due to riding a bike. You ride your bike down the street and notice at the end of the road, a house boarded up. You see gun barrels pointing out of holes in the wooden planks. It seems like the house is well protected.
> You keep on biking by
You think avoiding the survivors would be your best bet. They could be a bunch of gun-crazy goons away! You continue to ride your bike down the street, dodging more zombies. You turn down the street to see the exit of the development, but a massive horde of zombies is in the way!
> You they're slow, they won't be able to catch me
You shift your bike into high gear and make a break for it. "Time to shine" you say to yourself. You charge head-first into the zombie group. You kick some out of your way, and kick some over with your speed, but eventually one pulls you off of your bike. You kick and punch at the surrounding zombies, but to no avail. They grab you and sink their rotting teeth into your flesh.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You pick up the lamp and whack the zombie over the head as hard as possible, knocking the zombie onto the ground. You step over her and grab your biggest knife from the kitchen. You run over to your wife and thrust the knife through her skull. "Jesus christ... what is this thing?!" you scream. You decide to head upstairs for your handgun. You go upstairs and grab the handgun, and head downstairs to the basement. You grab extra ammo, some first aid items, and a flashlight. You obviously grab a backpack for all your supplies. You also notice a large machete, but worry if it will be too heavy for your travels.
> You that'll be too heavy, no use weighing yourself down
You think the weight difference would be too great, so you keep the machete at home. YOu then run back upstairs to your front door and open it. You notice zombies are everywhere. In the streets, attacking people, in cars. It's insane! You see your car in the driveway, and think that would be the best means of escape. You run to the garage to get your keys, when you notice your bike sitting in the garage as well.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to run to the kitchen in hopes of finding a weapon. Unfortunately, the kitchen is right beyond your zombified wife! You notice that there is a small table with a brass lamp next to you.
> You juke the zombie out, and run past it
You decide to attempt to juke the oncoming zombie. Her shuffling becomes a fast limp towards you. As you try to squeeze by her, she grabs your arm and sinks her teeth into it. You scream in pain, but manage to get her off. You run to the kitchen and grab your biggest knife. You run up to the zombie and shove the knife through it's head. The zombie shuffles forward, almost touching you, and then falls over onto the floor, dead. You run back to the kitchen and bandage your gashed arm. You then remember your handgun underneath your bed upstairs.
> You go upstairs to get your handgun
You feel yourself becoming light-headed and dizzy. You pick up the handgun and decide to turn on the TV for any advice or insight into what's going on. You see a newscaster reporting from your neighborhood. "...If you become bitten by an infected persons, please do not go near anyone living. The virus is transmuted via bites, and if you are bitten, you will become infected. I repeat, if you are bitten, you will become infected!" You stare, wide-eyed at the screen. "Wh-what?" you stutter. You look at your bandaged arm, and then at your handgun. Back to your arm, and then back at the handgun. You raise the fun to your head, but pass out into the floor. The virus has taken a hold of you...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You get up from bed to see what the commotion is about. As you walk down the stairs, you hear the shambling and shuffling get louder.

"What the hell is going on...?"

You also hear a strong moan coming from the hallway. You reach the bottom of the steps, and notice your wife, bloodied with tattered clothes, and bite marks upon her neck and arms. She snaps her hear in your direction looking directly at you. She then lets out a guttural roar. She starts shambling in your direction.
> You screw this! You're going outside!
You decide it would be a better idea to just avoid your zombified wife all together. You turn around and open your front door. You make your way outside and hear your wife pounding away on the door behind you. You notice the streets are filled with zombies. There are also people trying to stay alive. You quickly notice your car, and you run into the garage to get your keys. In the garage you remember you also have your bike.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The next morning you wake up from a heavy sleep. You sit up and are in awe at the sight around you. Your room is in tatters, everything is destroyed. "What the hell happened here?!" You exclaim. After looking around your room, you hear a shuffling from downstairs. You then realize that your wife is missing. You think about going downstairs to check the sound out.
> You choose to stay in bed and turn on the TV
You disregard the noise, as it just could be the TV downstairs. You pick up the remote and turn on the TV. To your surprise and horror, you see the news on, with a newscaster reporting from the street of your neighborhood. Behind this reporter, are zombies. Many of them, attacking all of the scrambling, living people crossing their path. You are awestruck. The newscaster is talking into a microphone.

"If anyone is watching this, I warn you, our area has been taken over by bloodthirsty zombies! If you are still trapped within your homes, please arm yourselves. This is not a test. This is not a joke. Border up your windows and doors. Make sure you're safe. If you come face-to-face with one of these beasts, the ONLY way to destroy them is by destroying the brain, or severing the head. I repeat, the only way to destroy the zombies is by destroying the brain, or severing the head. Again, please, this is not a joke!"

The newscaster then quickly turns around to find a zombie upon him. The zombie lunges at the newscaster, grabbing him and biting his neck. The newscaster screams in agony and falls to the ground. The cameraman panics, and drops the camera on the ground. The camera falls to the ground. You can still see the newscaster being feasted upon by now 5 zombies.

"OH MY GOD!" you scream. "I have to get out of here!"

You quickly get out of bed and change into your normal clothes. You then search under your bed for your handgun, and quickly pocket it. You then head downstairs

At the bottom of the steps, you see your bloodied wife, in tattered clothes with bite marks on her neck and arms. She quickly turns her head at you and shuffles towards you.
> You fire! Kill it! Shoot it! Shoot the zombie in the head!
You steady your aim and fire you handgun. The bullet goes directly into your (now zombified) wife's skull. The (now dead) zombie falls to the ground. You sigh heavily and place the gun in your pocket. You run to the basement to grab some ammo and a backpack to carry things. After packing basic health supplies, extra ammo, and a flashlight, you notice a nice machete. You like the idea of having a backup weapon, but fear that your equipment will be too heavy.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>So it was the sixth of December.


Everyone was together all warm and better.


House after house, the blight now gone.


Not a worry in sight, celebrations would dawn.


The town resting easy, sleeping without a cry.


Now that the vermin had gone and died.


 

Outside in the cold the nooses are full.


 Full of the dead.


Birds slowly feasting on their heads.
> You homes
The town was in a forest. So pretty and green as if it home to florists.


Life was rampant in the evergreen trees. Even though men were hung by their knees.


A smack to the face with a bat they would receive. A drop of blood and noise would then cease.


Just a simple crack and their world would go black.


The towns people danced and laughed, with the weights now off their backs.


The mass graves were full, all of the filth now buried under snow.
> You hang
The man is connected to the rope. "You animals, Let me go!"


They jeered at his fear, throwing rocks and shouting cheers. Up the body went, the neck snapping like a pulled thread.


To the mass grave it went, the people dancing over the buried dead.


A death a day kept the vermin at bay.


The kids were taught to seek them out.


Never to have a single doubt.
> You broken glass
Broken glass of broken homes.


In they went and out someone goes.


Pulled down the street hand by hand. 


Knees cracked so they couldn't stand.


Killed before dawn, buried before mass.


Nothing left but broken glass.


"Keep calm, find the vermin."


The first ones were hermits and the homeless.
> You purity
The town was pure the priest would say.


A heaven on earth where all could stay.


If you were good you had a home. If you were bad you had the rope.


Follow the rules and you would live. sinners and vermin would have no forgiveness.
> You tears
Salty tears, salty tears.


Fear is rampant and trouble is near.


It can't be avoided, just to make that clear.


No amount of blades and gear will stop the sheer amount of angry faces wanting their blade on your ear.
> You screams
Sometimes people thought they were safe.


Reading books in front of a fireplace.


Grandpa asleep snoring some more.


Shouts are heard outside the door.


"Come out scum, face your death!"


The family confused, no one answering the door.


Stones and bricks fly through the window.


In they come to make her a widow.


This process never stops and the people never sleep.


More to die, less to weep.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The town was pure the priest would say.


A heaven on earth where all could stay.


If you were good you had a home. If you were bad you had the rope.


Follow the rules and you would live. sinners and vermin would have no forgiveness.
> You pride
Vermin would walk to the gallows alone.


Surrounded by townspeople throwing stones with angered tones.


Though he would not look and he would not speak, head held high even with things so bleak.


The rope fitting nicely around his neck, everyone screaming for him to be dead.


But before the executioner pulled the lever.


The man said something quite so clever.


"For those who watch my grim demise, know that you will be next when the time is right."


A smile of peace on his face.


Then the legs go limp and all is finished.
> You what once was
What once was is a fairy tale at best.


A scapegoat was needed and the vermin were laid to rest.


Years before without remembrance, plenty were killed and more where exterminated.


So as the story goes, there will be no end as time continues to flow.


Don't be sad, this was meant to be.


Just be silent and you'll have peace.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The man is connected to the rope. "You animals, Let me go!"


They jeered at his fear, throwing rocks and shouting cheers. Up the body went, the neck snapping like a pulled thread.


To the mass grave it went, the people dancing over the buried dead.


A death a day kept the vermin at bay.


The kids were taught to seek them out.


Never to have a single doubt.
> You shadows of the night
So they say only the vermin died.


But most thought that it may have been a lie.


In the night someone would go.


No execution, no public show.


Questions were asked and the official would say.


"It was the vermin, more cleansing for today." 


So that was the solution and more would die.


Yet more disappeared throughout the night.
> You run
Some would talk.


Some would sway.


"We'll leave at night, already gone by day."


So they would leave.


People would talk.


"They were taken by the vermin!"


Hunts would start.
> You old days
No one can remember the olden days.


When the town started from simple bricks and clay.


The official merely would say.


"Look to the future, push the past away."


It was maybe because of this that the vermin were hunted.


To keep the future safe and order well balanced.
> You order
Though many would die.


It was law, it was right.


No shame would be felt by the hunters at night.


When they slit the throat of those too weak to fight.


No one was spared.


Keep that in mind, and be prepared.


For the day will come, when it's your turn for the noose.


Your soul finally able to run loose.
> You pax Romana
"Will there ever be peace?"


"Kill the vermin and then we'll see."


"Serve our town and protect those in need."


"Then we can rebuild and hostilities will cease."


This was asked years ago.


The man who asked long ago meeting the rope.


Keep quiet and maybe you'll live.


But those with freedom in their hearts run thin every minute.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>No one can remember the olden days.


When the town started from simple bricks and clay.


The official merely would say.


"Look to the future, push the past away."


It was maybe because of this that the vermin were hunted.


To keep the future safe and order well balanced.
> You anarchy
The official would say that there were laws in place.


But everyone knew that just wasn't the case.


"You can't hunt alone." He would say.


A throat slit without the blade or whom slayed.


Guns though would be kept in place. But the blades roamed free tasting blood each day.
> You abyss
You had to understand the nature of the town.


Those who came before and those who were here now.


Long ago written in burned books.


Ruled a man who would try the best he could.


He let criminals run free and made punishments light. For he thought people could be forgiven without making it into a fight.


No one knows what came after that but now the vermin are hunted and we'll just leave it at that.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Some would talk.


Some would sway.


"We'll leave at night, already gone by day."


So they would leave.


People would talk.


"They were taken by the vermin!"


Hunts would start.
> You future
"Look to the future my children, all will be okay!"


Said the priest who was convicted of treachery yesterday.


Lucky he was to have a actual trial.


Unlucky he was to be burned by fire.


The jury was harsh and judge harsher.


How could a pure man turn so vile?


The eyes on his face that fateful day.


When he realized what he had taught and what he would say.


"This town needs to be burned." He whispered as the executioner lit the torch.
> You purge
No one knew how it happened.


The priests were slaughtered and the church lit on fire.


Was it the rebels?


Was it the officials?


No one knew.


Just another casualty of war, nothing new.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>So they say only the vermin died.


But most thought that it may have been a lie.


In the night someone would go.


No execution, no public show.


Questions were asked and the official would say.


"It was the vermin, more cleansing for today." 


So that was the solution and more would die.


Yet more disappeared throughout the night.
> You rebel
You knew if you were vermin.


 They knew if you were vermin.


It was kill or be killed, so they took up weapons.


Muskets and swords, bullets and blades. The rebels killed some, but were eventually laid to waste.


More bodies dumped, and then some.


Everything was back to normal, what a beautiful day.
> You grow
"Don't give up, we can still win."


Said the leader who hanged yesterday, buried with the others.


Lies said to comfort the doomed.


who are already filled with gloom.


Though there was a sweetness to death, a chance to escape what is already so futile.


Only wish for their death not to be brutal.


It was maybe because of this that bodies were found in the lake.


A peaceful smile never again to wake.
> You say "I promise."
"I promise to fight, for things will change."


"Until the day that things will stop being the same."


"For we live to be free, no matter our breed and creed."


 

"Scars won't stop us and rope won't make us sway."


"From this day I am vermin, I am prey."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Don't give up, we can still win."


Said the leader who hanged yesterday, buried with the others.


Lies said to comfort the doomed.


who are already filled with gloom.


Though there was a sweetness to death, a chance to escape what is already so futile.


Only wish for their death not to be brutal.


It was maybe because of this that bodies were found in the lake.


A peaceful smile never again to wake.
> You say "I yield."
"I know when to stop, I know when to die."


"This just wasn't my fight, many fell that fateful night."


"I pity you all who have to live in fear, for you will be next. You're time is near.


"Perhaps it would have been best to leave with the others but I can't just abandon my brothers."


"I will not cry and I will not fight. My time is over and it's time to die."


"My story is over and it made me proud."


"I am vermin and I say this out loud."


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's been 7 months since your dad got the job out here in the Adirondacks. You used to go hiking with him all the time back in Utah when you were younger. But his job keeps him pretty busy. You know this was a sweet opportunity for him and both you and mom supported this move. And you've been itching to get out here on these trails up in these mountains. Secretly you wished you were back out west, you miss your friends. You guys used to hang out all night on a mountainside.  


Now you are lost in the forest by yourself, and this hike you've been anxious to take has turned into a race against time. Your phone died hours ago from listening to your stored music. It won’t even flicker on anymore. You have been on these back trails for hours now. Your water bottle is dry. It has to be close to 10 o'clock by now. You have gotten so turned around and need to find a way out.
> A Clearing Ahead
You see a small dilapitated cabin in a clearing. The moonlight shows through the trees a little more here. It looks abandoned and unused. Maybe you can sleep there. Maybe there are provisions... Maybe...
> You dark but has Furnishings
You peek inside the open door and see that there are some sparse furnishings; a fireplace, a rickety wooden chair and a table. It looks like no one has been here in years. Hermits used to live out here and some of these cabins are still used from time to time by groups of kids on weekends. It might be a quiet place to rest. You are tired.
> You decide to stay here and wait until morning to find your way back.
Inside the Cabin...


As you fumble through the dark cabin, the floor creaks under your shoes. Your hand rests on the back of a rickety chair. As your eyes adjust further, you see the fireplace and table more clearly. The table is bulky and heavy...


You are tired, and starting to get a little uneasy...


Do you...
> You decide to light a fire...
You decide that a fire would be cheerful and might help. People coming by might see the light and give assistance too. 


You are going to need some wood...
> You decide to go out and gather sticks and wood to light the fire...
You need to find some firewood...


As you use the moonlight to search the ground outside for sticks and wood to make a fire, you hear something...


Faintly in the trees at the edge of the clearing comes a sound like a bird chirping maybe. Or maybe a child giggling. It is faint, but you can feel the hairs on your neck stand up. Your eyes try to penetrate the tree line deep into the woods, but you see nothing in the dappled shadows. 


You hear it again, but now it sounds like it is coming from the area behind the cabin. Or is it in the cabin? You are getting worried and the sound seems to fade away a little.


Now you hear nothing except the pine trees bustling occasionally in slight cool breezes. 


Do you...
> You clutch the thickest branch you can find and wield it like a baseball bat and re-enter the cabin...
Batter Up!


Upon entering the cabin, it is clear that nothing has changed. You listen to the still night air. You can't hear the chirping anymore. It must be your imagination. Probably just a bird or fox or something. You take a moment to check your phone again. Nope. Still won't turn on. 


You feel even colder and more tired than before. You need to get that fire going...
> You decide to return outside and gather firewood...
Firewood, Take 2...


With a sigh, you drop the large stick you were wielding by the fireplace and proceed back out into the night air to fetch more wood.


As you step out into the old porch, a board gives way and you tumble out onto the ground striking your head on a rock. 


You are knocked unconscious and blood drains from a gash on your head onto the ground. 


You are found 2 days later by a fellow hiker, you are rushed to a hospital with a broken ankle and a  gaping head wound via helicopter-  but it was just too late. 


Your legacy...


The cabin is renamed after you in your honor, and is a landmark on the backwoods trails.Your parents and friends plant a memorial in your honor in front of the cabin for all future hikers to see.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Batter Up!


Upon entering the cabin, it is clear that nothing has changed. You listen to the still night air. You can't hear the chirping anymore. It must be your imagination. Probably just a bird or fox or something. You take a moment to check your phone again. Nope. Still won't turn on. 


You feel even colder and more tired than before. You need to get that fire going...
> You decide you probably should just break up this rickety old chair and get the fire going...
Burn the chair.


You need to get this fire going. The chair is old, and definitely dry.


Sure enough, using some old fashioned camping skills, the splintery wood ignites and a robust fire is crackling in the fireplace, casting light into all the unseen corners of the small cabin. You sit on the floor staring into the flames, and you reminisce about campfire you and your dad shared out under the stars a few years ago. You are mesmerized for a while, living in that memory. 
> You notice something in the room.
Looking around the small cabin, you see that on the far wall is a collection of young faces staring from newspaper clippings. Each is an article about a young person who has been missing.


The oldest clipping is from 30 years ago, and the most recent appears to be only a couple of months old. Someone has been collecting these articles here in this spot for a long while. 


What should you do now?


Do you...
> You decide to stay here and barricade the door, but there is no way you are getting any sleep tonight...
The sturdy table weighs a ton and will do a good job of barricading the door. You slide it across the rubble on the floor and flip it on its side against the old door. You sit down behind it on the floor and lean your back against the wood. You have no intention of becoming a statistic. You can make it through one night. 


The crackle of the fire is comforting but the light is beginning to die down. 
> The fire is dying.
As the light from the fire grows dimmer, you become concerned. Maybe your imagination is getting away from you. 


You stare into the orange embers and you see the faces on the wall start to fade away again into the orange glow. 


Suddenly you are startled by an unfamiliar sound. It sounds like a baby giggling or a strange bird warbling somewhere nearby.  


You are now spooked and terrified. 


Do you...
> You decide to stay barricaded and investigate the cabin thoroughly before your light runs out.
You find some suspicious claw marks along the floor that lead to a corner with some loose floor boards.
> You remove the loose boards.
The planks of wood are covering a crawl space that is filled with something that is heaped in there like sacks. You can't tell what is down there. You see a glint reflecting back at you and wonder if it some critter's eyeshine but you can't see well enough. You  walk over to the fire and pull a stick out. You blow on the glowing end of the stick until it perks up and you get a small yellow flame. You hold the stick out over the hole, and you finally see clearly what is in there. The shock makes you drop the stick and back away to the fireplace. 


 
> In the hole...
You slowly steady yourself and creep back to the edge of the hole. You see that there are heaps of bones and tattered coats and clothes stuffed into the underside of the cabin. One of the skulls glares up at you with empty sockets. There is a glint of blue and your eyes see in the faint light that there has been a trinket or something with a blue jewel in its center that has been deliberately placed into the top of the pile under the floor boards. 


There is a blue glow now emanating from the trinket. It looks like it was placed there on purpose. But why?
> The Amulet
The Amulet is strange with markings all around it. It seems that you don't want to look away from it. Strange, that among all the bones and carnage, the only thing you are thinking is about the amulet.


Do you...
> You decide that the amulet would be worth having and take it?
As your fingers close around the amulet you feel tingling and sense that it has some force to it. Something exciting. You lift it and see that it comes attached to a chain. You place the chain around your neck. You feel light-headed. You look around and your vision becomes brighter. You look back into the hole. You see some movement. You lean a little closer and can hear the sound again. The chirping giggling sound from before.


The empty eyes of the skull you were looking at now are glowing with a blue that resembles the trinket's blue jewel. Other glowing eyes peer up at you from the hole.
> You laughter grows louder
The laughter grows louder and from the hole, the spirits of all the corpses flood at you and strip you of your soul. 


Your body is now a new addition to the heaps under the floor. Your life force added to the Amulet. 


The newspapers run an article about your disappearance in the weekend edition and news teams flood the area with coverage for two weeks. 


The cabin is not found. You are not found. But your picture now stares into the empty room of an old dilapitated cabin from a wall with other faces in newspaper clippings.  <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The Amulet is strange with markings all around it. It seems that you don't want to look away from it. Strange, that among all the bones and carnage, the only thing you are thinking is about the amulet.


Do you...
> You feel uneasy about moving it from its final resting place.
You leave it alone. 


The amulet will remain in place. In the morning, you can bring the police back here and they can investigate.


You throw the pulled up floorboards into the fire. They should last a few more hours.


You press your back firmly against the table and before you know it, you have fallen asleep.
> You hours Pass...
It is morning.


As the sun climbs into the sky, you hear voices again. But this time, they are familiar voices. Your mom and dad are yelling out from up the trail. 


You are saved.


Over a good hearty breakfast at the nearest diner, you tell them about all your adventures. 


Police are called to search the cabin and they discover the corpses and the clippings. They investigate and tie it all to one person who is arrested quickly and brought to justice.


In the papers and on national news stations,  you are congratulated as a hero for helping to solve 18 cold cases of missing persons!


You are just glad it wasn't 19. You still love to hike and the outdoors, but you stay to the main trails now.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As the light from the fire grows dimmer, you become concerned. Maybe your imagination is getting away from you. 


You stare into the orange embers and you see the faces on the wall start to fade away again into the orange glow. 


Suddenly you are startled by an unfamiliar sound. It sounds like a baby giggling or a strange bird warbling somewhere nearby.  


You are now spooked and terrified. 


Do you...
> You decide this is just TOO creepy and you'd feel safer away from this cabin.
The forest looks like a better option...


You scan the clearing and find a path leading away from the cabin.


The path is dark and visibility is poor.


As you enter the forest, your eyes adjust to the poor light and your ears pick up everything scurrying away from you into the shadows.


As you walk, you can't be sure if it's your own echo or if there is someone, or something, walking behind you.


 

 
> You quicken your steps...
There is fork in the path ahead.


You come upon a sign in the path that indicates the way to Route 20.


If you can make it there, you are sure you can find your way back.


Unfortunately, the sign has been damaged and the direction is unclear...


The way you should take is a total coin toss. You see no difference and can't figure out which way is better.


 
> You decide to go left.
The woods this way are thick and dark.


The sound of leaves on the path are the only thing you can hear. 


The air is thick and you feel an oppressive sensation. You slow down. You feel like someone is watching you from up ahead.


It feels just wrong. Maybe you are doubting your decision to go left. Maybe right was easier and not so dark.


You see a light up ahead on the trail. You quicken your steps. In front of you, clear as day is a  girl sitting by a tree, in the only light that has filtered through the tree tops. She has her face in her hands and is crying. But there is no sound. 


It's like watching a silent picture. You speak up, "Hey little girl, are you lost?"


No answer. No reaction. You speak a little louder, "Hi little girl, can I help you?"
> You something's not right Run past her on the trail.
You slide by as far away as possible on the other side of the path and hurry up the path.


There was something 'off' about that little girl.
> You see car headlights flicker.
You see car headlights flicker through the trees up ahead. You hurry to them as quickly as your sore legs can take you.
> The Road!
You found the road. You can do this alone. 


You now just have one important decision to make...


 
> You decide to go up the road...
After about 15 minutes of walking up the road, a car pulls into view in the distance.


You are tired, but you are also alone.
> You decide to see if they can help you.
The car pulls over ...


The man in side gives you a warm smile. He reminds you of someone's grandfather. 


"You're out here pretty late. Do you need a lift? You seem lost." There is a twinkle in his eye. 


 
> You decide to get in the nice man's warm car.
You "hop on up," as he phrased it.


You are never seen again!


No one ever knows what happened to you. 


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The car pulls over ...


The man in side gives you a warm smile. He reminds you of someone's grandfather. 


"You're out here pretty late. Do you need a lift? You seem lost." There is a twinkle in his eye. 


 
> You decide to walk away and pretend you don't need any help.
You are not going to get into his car...


He seems nice, but you know not to take rides from strangers.


Still, he might be able to help...
> You decide to ask to borrow a cell phone...
"Well, I could use a little help." 


The man continues to smile and you ask him to do you a small favor.


"May I borrow a cell phone?"


He fumbles through his shirt pocket and hands you an older cell phone.


"Thank you so much." 


 

 
> You decide to call Mom and Dad...
You dial the number quickly.


You hear a couple of rings and turn your back away from the noise of the car for privacy.


You hear a couple of rings. The voicemail picks up...
> You leave a message...
Before you can leave a message, a strong arm grabs you around your neck and you are pulled into the car violently and you BLACK OUT!


Your parents and police search for you and trace the last call that rang through on the night of your disappearance to a pay-as-you-go type phone and the trail runs cold. 


You are never seen again. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Well, I could use a little help." 


The man continues to smile and you ask him to do you a small favor.


"May I borrow a cell phone?"


He fumbles through his shirt pocket and hands you an older cell phone.


"Thank you so much." 


 

 
> You decide to call the Police for help...
"Thanks for the phone."


You want help and you want it fast!


You dial 9-1-1.


The line picks up immediately. "9-1-1, What is the nature of your emergency?"


You give them your name and tell them you have been lost for hours...
> You continue...
"Police are on their way." You tell the man in the car.


"Well that is great, I'm so glad. I really need to get going. May I please have my phone back?"


You hand the phone over and he quickly grabs it and steps on the gas and is gone. 


After about 10 minutes and no other cars showing up, a squad car pulls up, closely followed by your parents in their car...
> You where will you go?
You are Saved!


The first place your mom and dad take you is for a good hearty breakfast at the local diner, where you tell all about your adventures.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are not going to get into his car...


He seems nice, but you know not to take rides from strangers.


Still, he might be able to help...
> You decide it's better to get away and quickly. Start jogging away with no explanation.
You decide to keep walking and after less than 3 miles of walking, you find the town.


You stumble into the first gas station that thankfully is open 24 hours and ask to use their phone. They do not refuse due to the hour and how dirty your look after your ordeals.


Your mom and dad are there in less than 5 minutes.


The first place your mom and dad take you is for a good hearty breakfast at the local diner, where you tell them all about your adventures.


Your shoes are ruined, your muscles ache, and you are thirstier than you've ever been in your life, but you are home. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The woods this way are thick and dark.


The sound of leaves on the path are the only thing you can hear. 


The air is thick and you feel an oppressive sensation. You slow down. You feel like someone is watching you from up ahead.


It feels just wrong. Maybe you are doubting your decision to go left. Maybe right was easier and not so dark.


You see a light up ahead on the trail. You quicken your steps. In front of you, clear as day is a  girl sitting by a tree, in the only light that has filtered through the tree tops. She has her face in her hands and is crying. But there is no sound. 


It's like watching a silent picture. You speak up, "Hey little girl, are you lost?"


No answer. No reaction. You speak a little louder, "Hi little girl, can I help you?"
> You maybe she's deaf,
You are lost and you don't know if you can really help. But at least you'll have company and maybe help someone else.


You approach the sobbing girl. Still no sound, but the girl has buried her face in her hands and pays you no attention. 


You reach out to tap her shoulder gently...
> The girl...
Before you touch her, she snaps her head up and stares at you with lifeless sockets. You are dead. Your body was found 2 minutes from Route 20 when people came looking for you. Coroner said you died of a heart attack!


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The woods this way are thick and dark.


The sound of leaves on the path are the only thing you can hear. 


The air is thick and you feel an oppressive sensation. You slow down. You feel like someone is watching you from up ahead.


It feels just wrong. Maybe you are doubting your decision to go left. Maybe right was easier and not so dark.


You see a light up ahead on the trail. You quicken your steps. In front of you, clear as day is a  girl sitting by a tree, in the only light that has filtered through the tree tops. She has her face in her hands and is crying. But there is no sound. 


It's like watching a silent picture. You speak up, "Hey little girl, are you lost?"


No answer. No reaction. You speak a little louder, "Hi little girl, can I help you?"
> You nOPE! NOPE! NOPE! - Too freaky- you're going back to the right.
After a short while, you see this way lets in a little more moonlight and seems more traveled. 


Quickly moving down the path, you feel the ground get softer and the incline lets you know that you are traveling down a slight hill. 


The sounds of the forest seem to die away and in the distance you can hear water...
> You at the river...
You arrive at the banks of a river. The water looks pretty deep. You seem to recall passing by this wide stream somewhere earlier in the afternoon and it was right by where you entered the forest. If you follow the stream, it can lead you out. 


But... Which way?
> You follow upstream...
A houseboat? Well, more like a raft with a wooden shack on it. 


Looks like the old boat has been here for years. It has tons of spider webs and the frogs are virtually living on its deck. But it looks harmless enough and It is getting late.


You are hungry and tired. You have been walking for hours.


You peek inside the boat.  It is abandoned, but doesn't seem to have any problems with floating. Even if it sank, the water is probably 2 feet deep maximum here by the shore.


The sound of frogs croaking is soothing and the small cabin on the boat seems almost cozy.


Will you...
> You wait for morning on the boat?
You find the corner of the cabin cozy enough and hunker down for a quick snooze.  But as soon as your eyelids close, you are awakened by a wiggling of the boat. 


Has someone gotten on? You can't see anyone through the glassless windows of the cabin. You sit up for a moment and look in all directions. 


It must've been a rouge wave that slapped up against the side of the boat.


Something else is different. It's quieter. The frogs croaking has stopped. Maybe a cloud has come over the moon or something. 


You call to the outside, "Hello?"


The only response you hear is a far away owl hooting as if in reply.  
> Back to sleep.
It is morning.


As the sun climbs into the sky, you hear voices again. But this time, they are familiar voices. Your mom and dad are yelling out from up the trail. 


You are saved.


Over a good hearty breakfast at the nearest diner, you tell them about all your adventures. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You find the corner of the cabin cozy enough and hunker down for a quick snooze.  But as soon as your eyelids close, you are awakened by a wiggling of the boat. 


Has someone gotten on? You can't see anyone through the glassless windows of the cabin. You sit up for a moment and look in all directions. 


It must've been a rouge wave that slapped up against the side of the boat.


Something else is different. It's quieter. The frogs croaking has stopped. Maybe a cloud has come over the moon or something. 


You call to the outside, "Hello?"


The only response you hear is a far away owl hooting as if in reply.  
> You get the heck outta here and keep moving until you're safe.
Gotta Get Away! 


You reach the doorway and step out onto the deck of the boat. The moon is being covered by a dark cloud. The light is dim. You step forward to move to the shore side of the boat and trip over a thick hard log onto the deck. 


The log is moving?


Quicker than you realize what is happening, an alligator has you in its jaws and the pain in your leg is so intense that you scream out as loud as you can.


Before you can inhale again, you are already dragged under water. Your lungs are empty and you drown quickly.


Looks like the alligator is getting more than frogs for dinner tonight. 


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A houseboat? Well, more like a raft with a wooden shack on it. 


Looks like the old boat has been here for years. It has tons of spider webs and the frogs are virtually living on its deck. But it looks harmless enough and It is getting late.


You are hungry and tired. You have been walking for hours.


You peek inside the boat.  It is abandoned, but doesn't seem to have any problems with floating. Even if it sank, the water is probably 2 feet deep maximum here by the shore.


The sound of frogs croaking is soothing and the small cabin on the boat seems almost cozy.


Will you...
> You continue Upstream?
You continue for what seems like an hour and you stay as close to the banks of the water as you can.


You see car headlights flicker through the trees up ahead. The sound of the engine speeding away into the distance encourages you to quicken your pace...


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You arrive at the banks of a river. The water looks pretty deep. You seem to recall passing by this wide stream somewhere earlier in the afternoon and it was right by where you entered the forest. If you follow the stream, it can lead you out. 


But... Which way?
> You follow downstream...
A waterfall?


You don't remember passing a waterfall. You need to get a better look...
> You waterfall...
Too close...


You step on some loose wet rocks and slide into the water. You hit your head on the way into the water and slip into unconsciousness. 


Your bloated corpse is discovered 2 days later 7 miles downriver on the shore. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Inside the Cabin...


As you fumble through the dark cabin, the floor creaks under your shoes. Your hand rests on the back of a rickety chair. As your eyes adjust further, you see the fireplace and table more clearly. The table is bulky and heavy...


You are tired, and starting to get a little uneasy...


Do you...
> You decide that you are just too sleepy, and the sooner you sleep, the sooner it will be morning...
As you lay your head down in your arms to sleep, you listen to the night sounds outside the cabin...
> You can't Sleep
You are just about to fall asleep when you hear a sound that is unfamiliar...


It sounds like a strange bird warble or a child's giggle.


Is it coming from inside? It is hard to tell...


Do you...


 
> You ignore the sound.
You are discovered by the serial killer that uses this cabin as his safe hous
e. and you are added to his long list of victims. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are just about to fall asleep when you hear a sound that is unfamiliar...


It sounds like a strange bird warble or a child's giggle.


Is it coming from inside? It is hard to tell...


Do you...


 
> You investigate the sound...
You squint your eyes and peer into the corners of the small cabin. 


You are straining your ears and willing yourself to hear the smallest sounds. All you hear is your heart beating in your ears. 


Do you...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>     It was a hot sunny day in the City of Freeport, N.Y. The sky was almost all blue,the summer still lasted for another month. Two kids stayed outside on a swing, talking to each other about the summer.
 
    Another kid walked up to them. They remember him as their rude Neighbor Mikey. "What is going on with you, you wannabes!" Mikey screamed right into the taller kid Freddy's ear. The two kids got up and ran home. Many people panic at the site of him since his father was once a murderer.

     The two kids were Freddy, a very tall, but frail 12 year old. There was also a another kid named Vin. He was the youngest. Both of there parents died. No one knows how. They live with their uncaring Grandfather.

    The whole block had a bunch of bad kids. 7 Kids in a so called "Gang" Everyone listened to them. Vin's Grandfather gave them a huge gift for their Birthday's. Vin's birthday was the next week. He knew he was getting no gift's. Vin,and Freddy's room was in the attic. It was last until Vin's birthday.

   There will be a Variable for Vin's Confidence, I will also be using the score variable.
> You vin's Birthday
      Vin woke up in the small attic bed he had been laying in.

     "Well....Vin," Said his brother Freddy. "I Think you deserve something."

     He showed Vin a $3 cake he had ordered with the little money he got for sweating like crazy doing chores around the house.

     "Thanks," Vin said while he smiled at Freddy.

     Then when Vin grabbed the Cake, the door downstairs came bursting down. All they heard was screaming. They also heard "Let's Get the boy."

     Vin screamed, but before it could come out, Freddy grabbed a pillow and put it in Vin's face.

    There was a gun near them, and Freddy told Vin to use it carefully.

    "Use this with great knowledge." Said Freddy to Vin. "Only when your in grave danger use it." "I will be departing brother, one day we will find out about our parents" With that Freddy left the attic, and quickly slid out the hidden door.

    Vin stupidly thought the same thing, and he did what Freddy did. But he didn't know where Freddy went. He had no idea about the hidden door Freddy made.

    Vin began to panic, and he wasn't sure where to go, or what to do.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are Lucy Janis, aka, 'The Hippie' or a former cashier at the town's local corner store.



There's not much about you, expect you're in your early twenties, you work as a cashier at a corner store in the small town of Quietus, you've graduated college, and you live in an apartment complex.





 
> You onward, your trusty steed!
Ahh yes, day-shift.



In your ol' black-ish blue beater car, you roll into the parking lot of your $5 an hour day-shift job. 



"Alright, another day wasted." You say to yourself, rolling your eyes as you unbuckle your seat belt. You look at the rear-view, glancing at your shitty eye makeup job. Sure, you're not no makeup artist, but you could've done better.



You quietly shame yourself, grabbing the door handle of the box car.



You step out onto the asphalt parking lot, looking around at the other cars in the parking lot. Left, two spaces to you, there's a white pick-up, you recognize it as Tom Filler's truck, aka, 'the guy who always shows up to work, but never is actually out working, more in the back smoking a cigar, but gets paid' type of guy. To your admit, you're honestly kind of jealous of Tom. Hardly ever works, still gets paid, sounds good to you!



On the right side of you is Grammy Crystal's  gold Toyota Avalon.Grammy Crystal isn't her actual name, you just enjoy calling her that because she's most likely over 50. Crystal's always bitching about her grandkids and how they have high quality careers, while she's stuck at a corner store. She's nice to you, so you don't mind her too much. Just kinda nod your head and smile.



Enough daydreaming, you've got your $40 dollars to make! (Your shift is from 8 am until 4)



 
> You enter
You entered the corner store, immediately greeted by the smell of a freshly cleaned gas station and the familiar chime of the door opening. An open sign is displayed on the door, and Stone Temple Pilot's Plush is blasting throughout the store. You, Tom, and Crystal have turns on music choice, this pick is probably Tom's, since Crystal usually picks some weird 50's songs. 

You make your way to the counter and go behind it, shoving open a white door. You spot Tom sitting down on the floor in front of a big black bulky TV that's been set on milk crates.



"Mornin' Lucy." He nodded at you as you picked up a basket filled with clip-on name tags. 



You found yours, clipping it onto your light red shirt. You adjusted your shirt and your 'hippy jeans', nodding back at him. 



Tom started up again, "Monday, ha, I hate mondays." He said in a old man trucker voice, scoffing at the word Monday. 



You shrugged, fighting off the urge to make a smart ass comment 'why do you hate them? You don't work anyway.'



You decided to not start a fight at 8 AM, and just nodded again.



Overhearing the chime of the front door, you pushed open the back door, letting yourself out behind the counter. 



Grammy was stocking shelves in the far back, too busy to hear the customers come in.



The corner store was in a strange format.

The front door was on the far left, as you walked in, you'd see shelves in front of you. Right of the shelves is the counter and the back room is behind it. On the left of the shelves you'd see refrigerators/freezers and a bathroom at the end. Behind the shelves was a few pop and coffee machines.



The customers were two thin nerdy looking kids. They went to the refrigerators, grabbed two cokes, then made their way up to the counter. You rang them up and they left. Nothing special.







 
> You go back into the back room and talk to Tom
You decide to go to the back room and leave Crystal with the stocking job. 



You open the white door and find Tom. You invite yourself to take a seat.



You start a conversation about

 
> The weather
Out of all the topics, you start talking about the most boring one, the weather.



"It's been pretty stormy lately, when do you think it might start clearing up again?" You asked, glancing over at him.



Tom is staring intently at the TV screen, pretty much ignoring what you're saying. 

He's watching the news, something about a virus going around, turning people into brain dead cannibals. The news switched to clips of people eating each other's limbs, then being carelessly shot by others sometime later.



You decided to

 
> You leave him
You finally got up, leaving Tom to his beloved TV.



You went back out, behind the counter, waiting for some more customers.
> You tom comes into the main area
Tom comes in the main area, his deep tanned is faded in a ghostly pale paste.



He looks as if he's about to faint.



Crystal made her way up to the counter, somewhat leaning on it.



Tom was standing behind you, his mouth hanging open. 



You reached up, placing your hands on his shoulders. Surely, he was taller than you, but you made it work. "Tom, you alright?" You said in a bit of concern and panic.



All he said was, "They're here." Then fainted.



He fell into your arms, you stumbling back on impact.



Crystal hobbled over to you, instructing you to put him in the back. You did as she said.
> You sometime Later
Tom still isn't awake, more people came in, etc, etc.



Something doesn't feel right though.



What's 'they're here' mean? You think to yourself, leaning on the counter.
> You suddenly
All of a sudden, sirens are blaring outside, people are running and screaming, and chaos is erupting. 



Crystal hears, and comes out from mending Tom. 



"The hell?" She grumbles, going outside of the store.



Watching her from beyond the counter, you see her being approached by some sickly-looking green human-creature thing.



The creature is limping, it's arms are thrown up into the air, and it's almost groaning.



You shout for Crystal, but she can't hear behind the doors.



The creature grabs her and begins biting her. Her screams and painful moans are heard everywhere, they were loud.



"O-Oh my G-God.." You watch the creature feast on your co-workers limbs from the counter. Not sure if it's reality or not, you step back, hunch over, and throw up the contents in your stomach.



You sluggishly wipe your mouth, and rush over to the front doors, quickly closing and locking them. You don't bother to flip the open sign to close. You try and keep your head up because beyond those doors, right in front is used-to-be Crystal, and beyond the parking lot is a world filled with those creatures. 
> You at 6 PM
It's now 6 PM, Tom's awaken, you've explained 'Old Lady Helga's death, and the banging on the doors increased. 



Tom is handling this whole situation pretty well, expect he's not gonna be running around, killing people any time soon.



Lucky for you guys, the TV still works (replaying a news broadcast), the store has power, and the radio is now switched to dead silence. Tom and you are camped out in the back, watching the broadcast.



"Minute by minute, hour by hour, people are dying." The spokeswomen says, gesturing to the ruins behind her. (Burning houses, broken windows, stranded cars, crashed into poles, people screaming, and those sickly green-ish pale creature chasing them.



Pretty soon, the cameraman drops the camera and runs, the spokeswoman is left, screaming in pain, being eaten. 



Tom flinches at the screams, closing his eyes. 



"W-We've gotta do something, Luc." Tom mumbles, glancing over at you.



Huh? What's this crazy bastard talking about? He's in no sh- Alright, you're in no shape to be running around, killing those pale freaks. You think to yourself, sighing.



"I dunno.." You start. "Think you can cope?" You returned the glance, giving off a somewhat nervous/concern vibe and expression.



Tom nodded, "Oh yeah, I'll be fine, sweetheart." He smiles, speaking in his normal scruffy tucker accent.
> You try to convince Tom otherwise
"Well, Tom, are you sure you wanna go out there and become a killer? Surely you have family, what will they think?"



He shrugged, "Honestly, they're probably dead."



Something else in the broadcast caught both of your attention



SYMPTOMS & TURNING Was across the screen. 



A man in front of the camera casually read the symptoms.



"The virus's symptoms include; High fever, vomiting, groaning, light headedness, anger, biting at your own limbs, and going in and out of reality." The man glanced at the camera, then started with the effects/starting points of people turning, without cards.



"When someone gets bit, they always turn into 'one of them'. Doesn't matter where the individual got bit, just know that they turn. The screams erupting from their vocal cords and the blood splattering from the bite is the last time you'll see them normally function. After a few minutes, a bite mark appears. The spit from the creature goes into the individual's bloodstream, infecting everything. The infection starts from the inside, working it's way out. 20 minutes from the bite, the symptoms kick in, worsening the person's body/mind. If a loved one is bit, don't seek for a medic's attention. THERE IS NO CURE. The only way to kill one of these creatures is directly through the brain or the heart. These creatures do not feel pain like humans, so it's pointless to slice and dice their decaying body. If there's anyone listening right now, stay indoors or find sheleter."



The TV goes blank, leaving you both in silence. Tom starts hitting the sides of the TV, cursing. "Damn thing, piece of shit!" He gripes, basically throwing a tantrum. As he's doing all that, the chime of the door opening alerts you both to stay frozen in place. Right now, that chime sounds like death to you.



"Hello? Is anyone in here? I need some help!" Someone yells, sounding like a teenager. 
> You stay in the back with Tom
You decide to not move from the back. 



The white door opens eventually, displaying a girl, around 15 or so. She had brown hair, put into a normally straight side bang. Tattered clothes, and a frown burned into her mouth. 



She wasn't alone though, someone was on her back, looking around 7 or 8. Her eyes were closed, her bleach blonde hair pushed off into a pony tail. She had pale sick skin, but no trace of green like the creatures. Her face was a wreck, glass in her arms and legs, looks like she's been through hell already.



Tom eyed the two, quickly standing up. "You." He pointed to the first girl, then the floor. "Put the girl down. Everything I say to you from now on is an order, not a request." 



The 15 year old nodded, gently placing her friend down. 



"Spread your arms out wide." Tom commanded, the girl doing as told. Tom scanned her body for bites, luckily finding none. 



"How'd you get in here without any bites, missy?" Tom stepped back, looking her up and down.



The girl shrugged, speaking with a heavy Australian accent. "Those things are attracted to noise, I threw a bottle and they followed. Easy."



Tom grinned, walking over to the girl's friend, checking her for bites and he talked. "And your friend here? Happened to her?"



The girl kicked at the ground. "She's not bit. She was in a car accident."



She sighed, looking down at Tom and the child. "I found her. I don't know her. You see, I was wandering around, looking for weapons and food. She was in a flipped upside down car, banging on the window. Her family was dead next to her and the buckle was stuck. The great thing was, no creatures were there, so I simply told her to roll down the window and I cut the seatbelt with my pocket knife." The girl grabbed her pocket knife, showing it at him.



You stood there, keeping a watchful eye on everyone.

 
> You time passes (20 mins)
20 minutes have now passed, everyone is now just doing nothing, waiting for the girl to wake up. You're leaned against the counter, Tom is wandering around the store, looking out of the windows, and the 15 year old (Charlotte Marquez) and the girl is sitting in front of you, the girl, then Charlotte. 



"So.. Are we the last people alive?" Charlotte asks, looking towards you.



You shrugged, deciding to
> You nod
You simply nodded at her, saying nothing else.



Charlotte raised an eyebrow. "You don't talk much." 



All of a sudden, Tom broke out into song.



"I WISH THAT I HAD JESSE'S GIRL. WHERE CAN I FIND A WOMEN LIKE THAT!"

He began dancing around awkwardly in front of the window.



You and Charlotte both laugh at him.



Tom goes over to you, offering a hand down to you.



You

 
> You accept Tom
You accept Tom's offer, latching your hand onto his.



You both began dancing, laughing, and smiling. Not romantic, not at all. Just, y'know, 'I'm gonna dance with you because you might die in the next hour dance'. That's it.



He spins you around, then continues causally dancing. 



Charlotte watches, clapping her hands and laughing.
> You 1hr later
It's been an hour. You're still sitting down by the counter. The violent banging on the front door is somewhat scaring you. You're sure the glass will break any second.



The girl has woken up, Charlotte and her are in the back with Tom. Tom is helping with plucking out the glass. Occasional screeching and screams from the girl assure that.



A couple minutes later, they all come out again.

Charlotte sighed, setting the girl down. Tom wanders around the store, teasing the creatures beyond the door.



"Got a name, Blondie?" You smiled at the 7/8 year old. She nodded. "Lara. Lara Campos."



Tom over hears, blurting out. "James. James Bond."



You, Charlotte, and Lara all roll your eyes at his comment.



Tom frowns at the windows and the creatures. "We should leave. We can't stay here forever."



You
> You agree with Tom
You nodded in agreement, standing up and stretching. 



Charlotte and Lara do the same. 



Charlotte asks, "Where should we go, Luc?"



While you and Charlotte are discussing safe places to go to, Tom looks for 'supplie holders'.



He rushes behind the counter, into the back room. He comes out with a single backpack and a  bright blue duffle bag. Tom throws the duffle bag at you, instructing you to fill it up with necessities.



He begins going around the corner store, shoving supplies into this backpack, you doing the same.



After you guys finish filling up the 'supplie holders' you bring up the discussion you and Charlotte had.

"Where are we gonna go? Charlotte suggested a forest, a house, or an empty building." 



Tom put the backpack on, shrugging. "Up to you. But, that's not important right now. What's important is getting out of here."





You nodded and decided to
> You be smart
You decided to be smart and go to the back door of the corner store. The back door of the corner store is fenced in, so the creatures are all on the outside. 



As you were unlocking the door, Charlotte ran by a freezer, grabbed a glass bottled refreshment, dumped all of the drink out, and then ran over to you, Tom, and Lara. 



You finished unlocking, then let Charlotte out first. She chucked the bottle far away from the corner store, attracting some creatures from the front, and creatures from the back to follow the bottle.
> A random house
You decide to get pick the nearest house. Sounds bad, but then sounds good at the same time.



You pick a normal looking enough house. Nothing special. 


 

You realize it's owned, but no one


lives there right at this moment of course. It's 7:20 PM after all.

it's dark (despite the picture), and you're tired.





You call dibs on the couch and fall asleep. The others soon joining you.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decided to be smart and go to the back door of the corner store. The back door of the corner store is fenced in, so the creatures are all on the outside. 



As you were unlocking the door, Charlotte ran by a freezer, grabbed a glass bottled refreshment, dumped all of the drink out, and then ran over to you, Tom, and Lara. 



You finished unlocking, then let Charlotte out first. She chucked the bottle far away from the corner store, attracting some creatures from the front, and creatures from the back to follow the bottle.
> A abandoned building
You decide to look around for an abandoned building. Surely everyone has fled by now, right?



"Let's look for an abandoned building." You smiled, nodding.



You four all continued walking down the sidewalk, trying to dodge un-dead best you could.



"Hey!" Lara called out, pointing to a big office building, a skyscraper at that. "How about that?"



Tom says yes, Charlotte agreed with her. You said nothing.



"But.." You started. "Won't there be a bunch of creatures in there? It's pretty big, and people work on Mondays. They probably didn't lock the doors either."



They all stopped, reconsidering.



"Nahh, they've probably all cleared out by now. Don't overthink." Tom remarked.



"Alright, well...
> You let's continue then."
"Alright, well, let's continue then." You nodded in agreement with Lara's choice.



It's far away from the corner store, but fuck it, nothing's too far now.



You all arrive, causally filtering into the main office. Blood splatter, gory, papers everywhere, chairs flipped over, and paintings knocked onto the ground greets you when you walk in.



"Uh.. We're staying here? For how long?" You ask. 



Tom sighs, "However long you girls decide."



By now, the time is 7.20 PM, it's dark, and you're extremely tired. 



"I'm gonna find somewhere to sleep." You suggest.



Charlotte and Lara raised their hands. "I'm coming!" Charlotte says. "Me too!" Lara blurts out.



There's stairs on one side, and an elevator on the other side of the room.



You pick 



 
> The elevator
You, Charlotte, and Lara try the elevator. 



Still works, sweet! You think to yourself.



The elevator opens, creatures are just standing there (4), beating their heads against the mirrors.



The ding of the elevator turns them around. Now, they're looking at you three. Without time to react, they limp forward, grab you, Charlotte, and Lara, starting to eat you. You all scream and screech.



This is what you get for trying the easy way out.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Alright, well, let's continue then." You nodded in agreement with Lara's choice.



It's far away from the corner store, but fuck it, nothing's too far now.



You all arrive, causally filtering into the main office. Blood splatter, gory, papers everywhere, chairs flipped over, and paintings knocked onto the ground greets you when you walk in.



"Uh.. We're staying here? For how long?" You ask. 



Tom sighs, "However long you girls decide."



By now, the time is 7.20 PM, it's dark, and you're extremely tired. 



"I'm gonna find somewhere to sleep." You suggest.



Charlotte and Lara raised their hands. "I'm coming!" Charlotte says. "Me too!" Lara blurts out.



There's stairs on one side, and an elevator on the other side of the room.



You pick 



 
> The stairs
You decide you need to work off that Mc.Donalds you had for breakfast off of your thighs. 



You, Charlotte, and Lara hike up two flights of stairs, coming to a small room with a locked door. Charlotte looks through the door's window, telling you what she sees inside.



"There's a bunch of cubicles. It looks cleaned though- L-Lucy!" 



Charlotte backs away in a panic. "There's people inside!" 



You take a look for yourself, seeing a man with a fire extinguisher in his hand, sitting next to a wounded woman that's on laying the  floor.



You glanced around the room, spotting numerous broken windows and doors, thrown computers, paper everywhere, and bloodstained carpet/walls.



The woman is painfully moaning and groaning, the noises of the man hushing her can be heard.



Lara states the obvious. "She doesn't sound so good. Think she's sick?"



You mumbled, looking down at Lara. "Probably."



The man spots you, running over to the door in a state of relief. 



He unlocks the door, you letting off and backing away, Charlotte and Lara doing the same.



His voice is a regular guy-from-Boston accent. "H-Hey!" He smiles at you, then gestures inside.



"You guys gotta help me, my wife isn't in good health." 



You stare at his weapon, the fire extinguisher. "Uh.."



He notices, dropping it behind him. "I won't hurt you. You're all human, right?" He chuckles nervously.



"P-Please, help us."



You
> You help him
You're a sucker. 



"Yeah.. I can help." You boldly say, "Under one condition."



He nodded, "What's that?"



"Once I help your wife, you let us stay and sleep."



The man nodded again, "Yeah, yeah, sure thing!"



You tell Charlotte and Lara to stay out by the stairs while you deal with the wife. They do as you said, you going into the room.



The woman weakly smiles at you as you kneel. 



Oh shit, wait, I dunno how to help..



The news board began ringing through your head. "There is NO cure."



You ask the man for his fire extinguisher. He questions you, but gives it up, saying, 'well you're the doctor, not me.'



The woman smiles at you again. You stand up, dropping it onto her head. Her brain splats, and blood puddle forms.



The man turns angry, grabs the weapon and knocks you down with it. He then smashed it onto your head, no hesitation. 



Charlotte and Lara ended up running downstairs, got Tom, Charlotte gave him her pocket knife, he ran upstairs, and killed the man who killed you.

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide you need to work off that Mc.Donalds you had for breakfast off of your thighs. 



You, Charlotte, and Lara hike up two flights of stairs, coming to a small room with a locked door. Charlotte looks through the door's window, telling you what she sees inside.



"There's a bunch of cubicles. It looks cleaned though- L-Lucy!" 



Charlotte backs away in a panic. "There's people inside!" 



You take a look for yourself, seeing a man with a fire extinguisher in his hand, sitting next to a wounded woman that's on laying the  floor.



You glanced around the room, spotting numerous broken windows and doors, thrown computers, paper everywhere, and bloodstained carpet/walls.



The woman is painfully moaning and groaning, the noises of the man hushing her can be heard.



Lara states the obvious. "She doesn't sound so good. Think she's sick?"



You mumbled, looking down at Lara. "Probably."



The man spots you, running over to the door in a state of relief. 



He unlocks the door, you letting off and backing away, Charlotte and Lara doing the same.



His voice is a regular guy-from-Boston accent. "H-Hey!" He smiles at you, then gestures inside.



"You guys gotta help me, my wife isn't in good health." 



You stare at his weapon, the fire extinguisher. "Uh.."



He notices, dropping it behind him. "I won't hurt you. You're all human, right?" He chuckles nervously.



"P-Please, help us."



You
> You turn around
Without another word, you three just walk back down the stairs and find Tom again.



Tom locks the front doors, and asks you about what happened.



"Nothing much. Found people. Infected though." You said, laying down.



Pretty soon, you all fell asleep.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide you need to work off that Mc.Donalds you had for breakfast off of your thighs. 



You, Charlotte, and Lara hike up two flights of stairs, coming to a small room with a locked door. Charlotte looks through the door's window, telling you what she sees inside.



"There's a bunch of cubicles. It looks cleaned though- L-Lucy!" 



Charlotte backs away in a panic. "There's people inside!" 



You take a look for yourself, seeing a man with a fire extinguisher in his hand, sitting next to a wounded woman that's on laying the  floor.



You glanced around the room, spotting numerous broken windows and doors, thrown computers, paper everywhere, and bloodstained carpet/walls.



The woman is painfully moaning and groaning, the noises of the man hushing her can be heard.



Lara states the obvious. "She doesn't sound so good. Think she's sick?"



You mumbled, looking down at Lara. "Probably."



The man spots you, running over to the door in a state of relief. 



He unlocks the door, you letting off and backing away, Charlotte and Lara doing the same.



His voice is a regular guy-from-Boston accent. "H-Hey!" He smiles at you, then gestures inside.



"You guys gotta help me, my wife isn't in good health." 



You stare at his weapon, the fire extinguisher. "Uh.."



He notices, dropping it behind him. "I won't hurt you. You're all human, right?" He chuckles nervously.



"P-Please, help us."



You
> You don't help
You decided to pass up the offer. "Sorry, none of us are doctors."



The smile from his face fades. He yells, "Fine, leave then!" and begins violently swinging the fire extinguisher around. He points down the stairs.



"Alright, good luck." You remark back.



 You three just walk back down the stairs and find Tom again.



Tom locks the front doors, and asks you about what happened.



"Nothing much. Found people. Infected though." You said, laying down.



Pretty soon, you all fell asleep.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Alright, well, let's continue then." You nodded in agreement with Lara's choice.



It's far away from the corner store, but fuck it, nothing's too far now.



You all arrive, causally filtering into the main office. Blood splatter, gory, papers everywhere, chairs flipped over, and paintings knocked onto the ground greets you when you walk in.



"Uh.. We're staying here? For how long?" You ask. 



Tom sighs, "However long you girls decide."



By now, the time is 7.20 PM, it's dark, and you're extremely tired. 



"I'm gonna find somewhere to sleep." You suggest.



Charlotte and Lara raised their hands. "I'm coming!" Charlotte says. "Me too!" Lara blurts out.



There's stairs on one side, and an elevator on the other side of the room.



You pick 



 
> You stay where you are
With the looking around you guys did, you decided it'd be best just to stay where you're at.



Tom locks the front doors, and sits down, laying down eventually.



Pretty soon, you all fell asleep.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to look around for an abandoned building. Surely everyone has fled by now, right?



"Let's look for an abandoned building." You smiled, nodding.



You four all continued walking down the sidewalk, trying to dodge un-dead best you could.



"Hey!" Lara called out, pointing to a big office building, a skyscraper at that. "How about that?"



Tom says yes, Charlotte agreed with her. You said nothing.



"But.." You started. "Won't there be a bunch of creatures in there? It's pretty big, and people work on Mondays. They probably didn't lock the doors either."



They all stopped, reconsidering.



"Nahh, they've probably all cleared out by now. Don't overthink." Tom remarked.



"Alright, well...
> You goodluck dying!"
"Alright, well, good luck dying!" You stop and turn around, walking off from the group.



You walk and walk, finding yourself back at the corner store. You stupidly walk in front, attracting all of the creatures with your loud ass footsteps. 



They grab you, bite you, and you're infected. That easy.



Should've stayed with them. You have no weapons to fight with anyway.



What'd you expect, being a lone survivor would do you good?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decided to be smart and go to the back door of the corner store. The back door of the corner store is fenced in, so the creatures are all on the outside. 



As you were unlocking the door, Charlotte ran by a freezer, grabbed a glass bottled refreshment, dumped all of the drink out, and then ran over to you, Tom, and Lara. 



You finished unlocking, then let Charlotte out first. She chucked the bottle far away from the corner store, attracting some creatures from the front, and creatures from the back to follow the bottle.
> A forest
You decide a forest would be a good place. 



Luckily, you know a nearby forest. You hike into the forest, sitting down in the middle of it.



Man, I'm hungry. You say to yourself, placing the duffle bag down.



You begin sorting through it, looking for something to eat.

 
> You look through the duffle bag for something to eat.
You sort through it, grabbing one of those swiss roll things. You happily tear the thing open, eating one. 



After your snack, you stuff the wrapper into a small side pocket on the duffle bag.



You then lay back, falling asleep.



 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You nodded in agreement, standing up and stretching. 



Charlotte and Lara do the same. 



Charlotte asks, "Where should we go, Luc?"



While you and Charlotte are discussing safe places to go to, Tom looks for 'supplie holders'.



He rushes behind the counter, into the back room. He comes out with a single backpack and a  bright blue duffle bag. Tom throws the duffle bag at you, instructing you to fill it up with necessities.



He begins going around the corner store, shoving supplies into this backpack, you doing the same.



After you guys finish filling up the 'supplie holders' you bring up the discussion you and Charlotte had.

"Where are we gonna go? Charlotte suggested a forest, a house, or an empty building." 



Tom put the backpack on, shrugging. "Up to you. But, that's not important right now. What's important is getting out of here."





You nodded and decided to
> You be stupid
You decided to unlatch the front door open. "Hi friends!" You squealed, running towards the creatures. Grammy Crystal grabbed you and began feasting on your limbs. 



The others poured into the store, grabbing Tom, Charlotte, and Lara, infecting them all.





Lucy, I thought you were smarter, god damn.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's been an hour. You're still sitting down by the counter. The violent banging on the front door is somewhat scaring you. You're sure the glass will break any second.



The girl has woken up, Charlotte and her are in the back with Tom. Tom is helping with plucking out the glass. Occasional screeching and screams from the girl assure that.



A couple minutes later, they all come out again.

Charlotte sighed, setting the girl down. Tom wanders around the store, teasing the creatures beyond the door.



"Got a name, Blondie?" You smiled at the 7/8 year old. She nodded. "Lara. Lara Campos."



Tom over hears, blurting out. "James. James Bond."



You, Charlotte, and Lara all roll your eyes at his comment.



Tom frowns at the windows and the creatures. "We should leave. We can't stay here forever."



You
> You disagree
You shook your head, staying slumped against the counter. "We have no place to go. No vehicles. It's pointless."





10 minutes passed, the creatures finally broke through the door. They started pouring in, three grabbed Tom. He began shouting and screeching. Pretty soon him yelping was muffled.



Two grabbed Charlotte, she tried fighting them off by stabbing their chests. Didn't work. She shouted and scuffled, bit and shuffled, then finally her noises were muffled like Tom's.



Lara watched them both, melting down and crying. She fell to the ground, creatures quickly ending her crying and screaming.



You just sat there. Closed your eyes and waited.



Why were you so stubborn? 





Being stubborn causes death, y'know.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You simply nodded at her, saying nothing else.



Charlotte raised an eyebrow. "You don't talk much." 



All of a sudden, Tom broke out into song.



"I WISH THAT I HAD JESSE'S GIRL. WHERE CAN I FIND A WOMEN LIKE THAT!"

He began dancing around awkwardly in front of the window.



You and Charlotte both laugh at him.



Tom goes over to you, offering a hand down to you.



You

 
> You deny Tom
You smiled up at him, shaking your head. "No." You continued laughing along with Charlotte. 



"Suit yourself!" He smirked, dancing around stupidly some more.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>20 minutes have now passed, everyone is now just doing nothing, waiting for the girl to wake up. You're leaned against the counter, Tom is wandering around the store, looking out of the windows, and the 15 year old (Charlotte Marquez) and the girl is sitting in front of you, the girl, then Charlotte. 



"So.. Are we the last people alive?" Charlotte asks, looking towards you.



You shrugged, deciding to
> You scare Charlotte
You then get a wicked idea, smirking evilly.



"Probably. If you're lucky, you'll have to go out and find a pretty boy to reproduce with to start up the population again. Tom's mine." You laughed. 



Tom glanced over at you three, chuckling.



Charlotte made vomiting sounds, "EW!!" She glanced at your nametag, "Lucy, I'm 15! He's to old for you anyway!" She rolled her eyes, with a disgusted expression.



You just continued laughing.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Well, Tom, are you sure you wanna go out there and become a killer? Surely you have family, what will they think?"



He shrugged, "Honestly, they're probably dead."



Something else in the broadcast caught both of your attention



SYMPTOMS & TURNING Was across the screen. 



A man in front of the camera casually read the symptoms.



"The virus's symptoms include; High fever, vomiting, groaning, light headedness, anger, biting at your own limbs, and going in and out of reality." The man glanced at the camera, then started with the effects/starting points of people turning, without cards.



"When someone gets bit, they always turn into 'one of them'. Doesn't matter where the individual got bit, just know that they turn. The screams erupting from their vocal cords and the blood splattering from the bite is the last time you'll see them normally function. After a few minutes, a bite mark appears. The spit from the creature goes into the individual's bloodstream, infecting everything. The infection starts from the inside, working it's way out. 20 minutes from the bite, the symptoms kick in, worsening the person's body/mind. If a loved one is bit, don't seek for a medic's attention. THERE IS NO CURE. The only way to kill one of these creatures is directly through the brain or the heart. These creatures do not feel pain like humans, so it's pointless to slice and dice their decaying body. If there's anyone listening right now, stay indoors or find sheleter."



The TV goes blank, leaving you both in silence. Tom starts hitting the sides of the TV, cursing. "Damn thing, piece of shit!" He gripes, basically throwing a tantrum. As he's doing all that, the chime of the door opening alerts you both to stay frozen in place. Right now, that chime sounds like death to you.



"Hello? Is anyone in here? I need some help!" Someone yells, sounding like a teenager. 
> You help the new comer
You walked out of the back room. "Yeah, relax. We're humans." You smiled, the teenager coming closer to you. You stepped out from behind the counter, into the main area. Tom followed through, standing in front of you.



 It was a teenaged girl, around 15 or so. She had brown hair, put into a normally straight side bang. Tattered clothes, and a frown burned into her mouth. 



She wasn't alone though, someone was on her back, looking around 7 or 8. Her eyes were closed, her bleach blonde hair pushed off into a pony tail. She had pale sick skin, but no trace of green like the creatures. Her face was a wreck, glass in her arms and legs, looks like she's been through hell already.



Tom eyed the two, quickly standing up. "You." He pointed to the first girl, then the floor. "Put the girl down. Everything I say to you from now on is an order, not a request." 



The 15 year old nodded, gently placing her friend down. 



"Spread your arms out wide." Tom commanded, the girl doing as told. Tom scanned her body for bites, luckily finding none. 



"How'd you get in here without any bites, missy?" Tom stepped back, looking her up and down.



The girl shrugged, speaking with a heavy Australian accent. "Those things are attracted to noise, I threw a bottle and they followed. Easy."



Tom grinned, walking over to the girl's friend, checking her for bites and he talked. "And your friend here? Happened to her?"



The girl kicked at the ground. "She's not bit. She was in a car accident."



She sighed, looking down at Tom and the child. "I found her. I don't know her. You see, I was wandering around, looking for weapons and food. She was in a flipped upside down car, banging on the window. Her family was dead next to her and the buckle was stuck. The great thing was, no creatures were there, so I simply told her to roll down the window and I cut the seatbelt with my pocket knife." The girl grabbed her pocket knife, showing it at him.



You stood there, keeping a watchful eye on everyone.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>It's now 6 PM, Tom's awaken, you've explained 'Old Lady Helga's death, and the banging on the doors increased. 



Tom is handling this whole situation pretty well, expect he's not gonna be running around, killing people any time soon.



Lucky for you guys, the TV still works (replaying a news broadcast), the store has power, and the radio is now switched to dead silence. Tom and you are camped out in the back, watching the broadcast.



"Minute by minute, hour by hour, people are dying." The spokeswomen says, gesturing to the ruins behind her. (Burning houses, broken windows, stranded cars, crashed into poles, people screaming, and those sickly green-ish pale creature chasing them.



Pretty soon, the cameraman drops the camera and runs, the spokeswoman is left, screaming in pain, being eaten. 



Tom flinches at the screams, closing his eyes. 



"W-We've gotta do something, Luc." Tom mumbles, glancing over at you.



Huh? What's this crazy bastard talking about? He's in no sh- Alright, you're in no shape to be running around, killing those pale freaks. You think to yourself, sighing.



"I dunno.." You start. "Think you can cope?" You returned the glance, giving off a somewhat nervous/concern vibe and expression.



Tom nodded, "Oh yeah, I'll be fine, sweetheart." He smiles, speaking in his normal scruffy tucker accent.
> You agree with Tom
"Alright then. Let's g-" You stood up, but Tom reached up, pulling you back down. 



"Listen." He motioned with his hand to the screen.



Something else in the broadcast caught both of your attention



SYMPTOMS & TURNING Was across the screen. 



A man in front of the camera casually read the symptoms.



"The virus's symptoms include; High fever, vomiting, groaning, light headedness, anger, biting at your own limbs, and going in and out of reality." The man glanced at the camera, then started with the effects/starting points of people turning, without cards.



"When someone gets bit, they always turn into 'one of them'. Doesn't matter where the individual got bit, just know that they turn. The screams erupting from their vocal cords and the blood splattering from the bite is the last time you'll see them normally function. After a few minutes, a bite mark appears. The spit from the creature goes into the individual's bloodstream, infecting everything. The infection starts from the inside, working it's way out. 20 minutes from the bite, the symptoms kick in, worsening the person's body/mind. If a loved one is bit, don't seek for a medic's attention. THERE IS NO CURE. The only way to kill one of these creatures is directly through the brain or the heart. These creatures do not feel pain like humans, so it's pointless to slice and dice their decaying body. If there's anyone listening right now, stay indoors or find sheleter."



The TV goes blank, leaving you both in silence. Tom starts hitting the sides of the TV, cursing. "Damn thing, piece of shit!" He gripes, basically throwing a tantrum. As he's doing all that, the chime of the door opening alerts you both to stay frozen in place. Right now, that chime sounds like death to you.



"Hello? Is anyone in here? I need some help!" Someone yells, sounding like a teenager. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You finally got up, leaving Tom to his beloved TV.



You went back out, behind the counter, waiting for some more customers.
> A customer comes in
A women and a child comes in, the women grabs some sleeping pills, the child grabs a Mr.Goodbar. 



You ring them up and they leave, just like the kids.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to go to the back room and leave Crystal with the stocking job. 



You open the white door and find Tom. You invite yourself to take a seat.



You start a conversation about

 
> You aliens
"Y'know what's really cool? Space. Aliens." You smiled over at Tom.



Tom is staring intently at the TV screen, pretty much ignoring what you're saying. 

He's watching the news, something about a virus going around, turning people into brain dead cannibals. The news switched to clips of people eating each other's limbs, then being carelessly shot by others sometime later.





You decide to


 

 

 

 

 

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to go to the back room and leave Crystal with the stocking job. 



You open the white door and find Tom. You invite yourself to take a seat.



You start a conversation about

 
> You family
"Random question, but what's your family life like? Are you married? Have kids?" You questioned, tapping Tom's shoulder.



Tom is staring intently at the TV screen, pretty much ignoring what you're saying. 

He's watching the news, something about a virus going around, turning people into brain dead cannibals. The news switched to clips of people eating each other's limbs, then being carelessly shot by others sometime later.

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You entered the corner store, immediately greeted by the smell of a freshly cleaned gas station and the familiar chime of the door opening. An open sign is displayed on the door, and Stone Temple Pilot's Plush is blasting throughout the store. You, Tom, and Crystal have turns on music choice, this pick is probably Tom's, since Crystal usually picks some weird 50's songs. 

You make your way to the counter and go behind it, shoving open a white door. You spot Tom sitting down on the floor in front of a big black bulky TV that's been set on milk crates.



"Mornin' Lucy." He nodded at you as you picked up a basket filled with clip-on name tags. 



You found yours, clipping it onto your light red shirt. You adjusted your shirt and your 'hippy jeans', nodding back at him. 



Tom started up again, "Monday, ha, I hate mondays." He said in a old man trucker voice, scoffing at the word Monday. 



You shrugged, fighting off the urge to make a smart ass comment 'why do you hate them? You don't work anyway.'



You decided to not start a fight at 8 AM, and just nodded again.



Overhearing the chime of the front door, you pushed open the back door, letting yourself out behind the counter. 



Grammy was stocking shelves in the far back, too busy to hear the customers come in.



The corner store was in a strange format.

The front door was on the far left, as you walked in, you'd see shelves in front of you. Right of the shelves is the counter and the back room is behind it. On the left of the shelves you'd see refrigerators/freezers and a bathroom at the end. Behind the shelves was a few pop and coffee machines.



The customers were two thin nerdy looking kids. They went to the refrigerators, grabbed two cokes, then made their way up to the counter. You rang them up and they left. Nothing special.







 
> You help Crystal stock
You go to where Grammy is and begin helping her stock the shelves. 



As you finish up, she smiles widely and croaks out in an old women voice, "Ooh, thank you, Dearie." 



You returned the smile, going back behind the counter afterwards.



 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The drive is a long one. It's the late evening and you are barely halfway to your destination. 


"We're never gonna make it, the bar closes at 2:00am, and we're not even close. Everyone's gonna be gone by the time we get there." Kent exclaims. 


Kent's always been worrisome. You've been friends for nearly fifteen years, and tonight you've planned on going to a bar in a town called Elk Valley. It's a small town, but is an attraction to many young adults, due to it's low police rate and high night life scene. 


"Load up the map for a second"


You load up the map on your phone and notice a detour road through a forest nearby. This looks to cut the trip a couple hours, and you'll make the bars in time. 


"I say we take it. Nothing bad ever happens in this town, there's nothing to be afraid of. What do you say?" 


 
> You take the detour
You are okay with taking the detour. 


"Alrighty, we'll be there in no time now!" Kent says in excitement. 


He drives onto an empty road, into a forest. The rain falls and patters on the windshield. As you are driving, Kent opens a bottle of beer and begins to drink. You take the bottle away. 


"Oh dude don't be like that! It's just a little pre-drink before the party, nothing to be worried about. If you let me finish it, I'll buy you a round of shots at the bar. Deal?"


 

 
> You give Kent the bottle
You give Kent back the beer. 


"Thanks man. First round of shots is on me."


As he drinks it, he does not pay attention to the road and drives over a spike strip. The car spins as he slams on the breaks. 


"What the hell was that!"


You get out of the car to see the tires are busted. You look down the road to see the spike strip set up in the middle of it.


"Who would put that there?! Damn it all! My Dad is gonna kill me, this is his car!"


You take out your phone, but notice you have no service. You look up from your phone and see a person coming in a hooded grey jacket. You cannot see their face, as it is too dark. 


 
> You ask the person for help
You shout across the road at the person. 


"Excuse me!" yells Kent, "We need some help over here!"


The person begins to slowly walk towards you. They remove their hood to reveal themselves as a young woman, about the same age as Kent and yourself. 


"Hi, I'm Angel. Who might you be?" she asks.


"I'm Kent and this is my good bud. We hit what looks to be a spike strip and have no service to call anyone."


"That's unfortunate. I'm afraid I don't know anything about fixing cars, so I won't be much help to you." she replies. 


"Thanks anyway. Do you know the fastest way to get out of here on foot?"


"You can't walk on foot in this forest at this time of night, it's way too dangerous If you don't feel like sleeping in a busted car tonight, you can stay at the sanctuary. I'm sure Byron has room for you two."


"The sanctuary? What's that?"


"I live there. It's my home. I can explain more about it on the way, follow me."
> You follow Angel
You decide to follow Angel to the place she calls the "sanctuary". 


"Excuse me, it's Angel right?" Kent asks her.


"Yeah"


"What exactly is the sanctuary?"


"It's my home, but wasn't always. A few years ago, I lived with my father in Deer Valley. My life was horrible there, I was constantly teased by others at school. People tend to outcast someone who comes to class with a black eye everyday. My father drank, a lot. When he'd get angry, he'd take it out on me. I needed to get away. One night, I finally decided to run away. I ran into this forest and met Byron. He welcomed me to the sanctuary and said I could live there the rest of my life. I don't need to school, there's no abuse, no exclusion, no teasing, it's perfect. To put it simply, the sanctuary is heaven."


"Okay then." Kent says as he looks unimpressed. 


"It's just up here." Angel claims. 


You walk on top of a hill, where the sanctuary is revealed. You see three small cabins with lots of land around them. They are across from one another, forming a circle. You follow Angel down the hill and walk towards the cabins. Each cabin has the same symbol painted on the door. It looks like an upside down cross with an circle around it. One cabin's symbol is red, the other is blue, and the other is yellow. 


"Stay right here, I'm gonna go find Byron and introduce you guys."


Angel walks into the cabin with the red symbol on it. 


"Dude, this place is weird." mentions Kent. 


A hefty man then walks out of the cabin. He has an unkempt beard and long slick brown hair. He smiles at you and Kent.


"Evening boys. The name's Byron Duke, but just call me Byron. This is my sanctuary, a place of inclusion and salvation. A long time ago, God and the devil appeared to me in a dream. They were fighting one another, trying to earn my faith. That's when I realized, I am no follower. I am a leader. I was born to lead those who need direction. People don't understand me, they don't understand us, so we stay here. All we need is each other, all we need is sanctuary. We'll watch the world burn from here."


"Sure man. Is it okay if we stay here tonight? Our car broke down..." 


"Say no more" Byron interrupts. "Like I said, this is a place of inclusion. All who want to be here are welcome. There are two beds in the cabin behind you, you can sleep there tonight. Sweet dreams, boys." 


Byron walks back into his cabin. 


"Dude, that guy is way far out. Do you think we should stay here?" 


 
> You spend the night
You walk into the cabin with the yellow symbol over it, where you will spend the night. 


Inside the cabin is two beds about three feet away from each other,a lit fireplace, a mini fridge, and a filled bookshelf. Kent walks towards the mini fridge.


"Just because we can't make the bar, doesn't mean we can't get drunk tonight. Lets see what they got to drink."


Kent opens the fridge to reveal a garbage bag wrapped around something. 


"What is that?"


 
> You open the bag
You move towards the fridge, and remove the object in the bag. 


"I'm seeing what's in there" says Kent. 


Kent grabs the bags and turns it upside down, causing a human hand to fall out.


"Holy shit! That's a hand! Why would there be a hand in here!" Kent shouts. 


The hand looks to have been sliced off from an arm using a knife. The grey shade of it shows it was cut off much later after the person had died. Suddenly, there is a knock at the door of the cabin.


"Hey guys, can I come in?"


It is Angel.


"One minute please!" replies Kent. "Dude, we gotta hide this, quickly". 


 

 
> You hide the hand back in the fridge
You grab the hand using the garbage bad as a glove, and put it back in the fridge. 


"Come on in" says Kent. 


Angel opens the door and enters the cabin. She looks at you and Kent. 


"You guys look like you've seen a ghost. Everything okay?"


"Everything's peachy, never better." Kent replies.


"Okay. I just wanted to make sure you were settling in alright."


"Oh yeah, we're fine. As a matter of fact, we were just getting ready to hit the sack."


"Alright then. I'll let you get some sleep. I'll come back in the the morning when you're up. Goodnight."


Angel leaves the cabin. 


"Good thinking hiding it in the fridge" murmurs Kent. "I don't feel safe here though. How did a hand get cut off and why was it in a fridge? This whole place is messed up, I say we check it out. Who knows what else is around here, we should search the grounds. Imagine we uncover more secrets, then when we leave here tomorrow, we go straight to the papers and tell them all about this place. I bet some reporters will pay good money for a story like that! What do you say, should we search the grounds?"
> You search the grounds
You and Kent leave the cabin to search the grounds of the sanctuary.


"We have to be quiet, I don't want to know what happens to us if that guy finds out we're searching his land for murder evidence." Kent says. 


You take slow paces, and the dark of the night benefits you're sneaking. 


"Where should we look first?" 


 
> The red cabin
You silently walk towards the cabin with the red symbol on the door. 


You sneak around it to find a sole window on the backside. You peak in the window and see Byron sitting at a desk, writing something. You look to the other side of the room and see Angel sitting on a bed. She looks to be talking, but you can't read her lips. 


"Let's keep moving" reminds Kent. 


You sneak to the side of the cabin, but don't find anything suspicious. Suddenly, you hear the door to the cabin open, and someone walks out. You hide at the side of the cabin, and peak over the corner to see who it is. You see Byron walk out with a garbage bag, with something inside of it. You are losing sight of him as he moves.


 

 
> You follow Byron
You follow Byron, but stay far behind him so he cannot see you. 


Byron goes to the cabin with the blue symbol on the door, and knocks. A naked man answers it. 


"You're later than usual" the man says. 


"I promised I'd feed you, I never promised anything about when I would" Byron responds. 


The man takes the garbage bag and closes the door. You quickly sneak back to hide behind the cabin as Byron makes his way back over. He goes back into the cabin. 


"Tell me that looked as fishy to you as it did to me, we should see what's going on in there" Kent utters to you. 


 
> You investigate the delivery to the cabin
You go the cabin with the blue symbol on the door, and sneak behind it to peak in the window.


You see a naked man and woman sitting on the floor, with the bag in the man's hands. The man reaches into the bag and pulls out what looks to be organs. It is confirmed they are human organs after the man dumps the remains from the bag on the floor, revealing everything. He takes an eyeball from the pile and puts it in his mouth. The woman moves over to him and kisses him, then shows that the eyeball is his her mouth, then proceeds to eat it. 


"Son of a bitch, their cannibals!" Kent exclaims. "Quick, take a photo with your phone so we have proof!" 


You pull out your phone and take a picture, but the flash accidently goes off. You and Kent duck under the window. 


"Oh no. They know we're out here, what do we do?"


 
> You go into the bushes
You silently walk over to the bushes. 


As you walk through them, you are not paying attention to where you are going and accidently step in a bear trap. 


SNAP!


The snap is very loud and you let out a bloodcurdling scream. Kent approaches you, but sees something behind you and runs away. You hear a voice getting louder behind you:


"Obey! Obey! Obey!"


You turn to see a large bearded man with an axe charging towards you. The bear trap doesn't allow you to escape, and the man swings the axe and gets to in the side of the head, killing you. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You go the cabin with the blue symbol on the door, and sneak behind it to peak in the window.


You see a naked man and woman sitting on the floor, with the bag in the man's hands. The man reaches into the bag and pulls out what looks to be organs. It is confirmed they are human organs after the man dumps the remains from the bag on the floor, revealing everything. He takes an eyeball from the pile and puts it in his mouth. The woman moves over to him and kisses him, then shows that the eyeball is his her mouth, then proceeds to eat it. 


"Son of a bitch, their cannibals!" Kent exclaims. "Quick, take a photo with your phone so we have proof!" 


You pull out your phone and take a picture, but the flash accidently goes off. You and Kent duck under the window. 


"Oh no. They know we're out here, what do we do?"


 
> You sneak back to your cabin
You sneak around the other side of the cabin, but stop at the corner when you see the door open. 


The naked man walks out, and looks around the area. 


"Maybe you're just seeing things" you hear the woman say from the inside. 


The man goes back into the cabin. You silently walk until you successfully make it back inside your cabin. 


"I knew something was wrong with this place!" notifies Kent. "We are leaving here first thing tomorrow morning and going straight to the newspaper, we are gonna make so much off a story like this! I'm exhausted, we should get some sleep."


As you get ready to sleep, you hear a hard knock at your door. As you move towards it, you hear a voice on the outside: 


"Obey. Obey. Obey." it says repeatedly.


 
> You open the door
You open the door. 


A large bearded man holding an axe is on the outside. He gives you a blank stare. Kent comes beside you. 


"Ugh, can I help you?" Kent asks.


"Obey" the man responds. 


You are confused to what the man wants. You go to close the door, but he stops it with his hand. 


"Obey" he says again.


"Okay we'll be sure to obey." Kent tells him. "Goodnight now."


The man does not leave, and continues to hold the door open. 


"Obey" he says once again. He removes his hand from the door and closes his eyes. He starts to shake. 


"Obey" he says. "Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey! Obey! Obey! Obey!" He shouts louder each time. "Obey! Obey! Obey!"


You shut the door, but can still hear him on the outside. 


"Obey!!" the man shouts as he begins to smash the door with the axe. 


"Oh shit! What the hell's this guys problem!? Leave us alone!" Kent yells at him. 


"Obey! Obey! Obey! Obey!" he says each time he hits the door with the axe. 


"Okay! Okay! We promise we'll obey!" Kent screams. 


The man suddenly stops hitting the door. You hear his footsteps as he walks away from the cabin. 


"My god. Never mind going to sleep I'm wide awake now." Kent tells you. "That guy is insane. Everyone here is insane. Screw waiting until the morning, I say we leave here tonight!"


 

 
> You leave the sanctuary
You agree to leave the sanctuary now. 


You and Kent leave your cabin and begin to leave, but are stopped by a voice behind you. 


"Hey!" you hear. "Where are you going!". 


You turn around and see Angel. 


"What are you guys doing?" she asks. 


"We're leaving. We were just attacked by a maniac, we can't stay here." Kent responds. 


"A maniac? There's no maniacs here, the sanctuary is the safest place in the world. You just had a nightmare, that's all." 


"No Angel. We weren't sleeping. Our door is destroyed, he smashed it with an axe. Look for yourself."


"I don't need to. I'm sure your door is fine, you just had a bad dream. Let me walk you back to your cabin" she insists. 


"No. We're not staying here, and neither should you" 


Angel looks confused.


"Why shouldn't I stay here? This is my home."


"I really hate to break it to you Angel, but this place is not safe. We were just attacked by an axe wielding psychopath, and earlier tonight we saw Byron bring a bag to a couple in the cabin over there which contained human organs."


Kent takes your phone and shows Angel the picture you took. 


"See, they ate human organs!" he tells her. 


Angel looks at the picture, then back at you. 


"She got the eyeball, that's the best part." Angel grimly responds. "You two shouldn't have been sneaking around here. Byron will be very upset when he hears. A few days ago a police man came snooping around here too. He started having suspicions and accused what we do as being unnatural. He was going to shoot Byron, but he didn't have any right to. there's no laws at the sanctuary. We chopped him up into little pieces, and it looks like he became a delicious meal for John and Lisa."


As she talks, you hear another voice coming from behind you: 


"Obey. Obey. Obey."


You turn around to see the large bearded man swing his axe and hack Kent in the side of the head, killing him.


"You should have obeyed" snickers Angel. 


The large bearded man leaves the axe in Kent's head, and charges towards you. He punches you hard in the head, knocking you out. 


 
> You wake up
You awaken. 


You find yourself in a bed, with each of your limbs tied to a corner bed post. You look around you and recognize the site, you are in the red cabin. The door opens and four individuals walk in wearing white masks and black cloaks. Byron enters next, wearing a butcher's apron. He walks to the bedside as the individuals stay put. He speaks to you:


"The world is a very scary place. A place ruled by a despicable kind of creature called the human race. A creature who uses it's intelligence to start wars, cause pollution, and make those they see as inferior live in wastelands. There is an unknown truth to these creatures. Like many races, the human race is divided in breeds. I believe breeds can be determined by intellect instead of physical properties. It is in some humans' nature to think the way they do, they think that life is to be lived with class and order. This is the highest breed on the chain, and the breed that follows have the mindset of a sheep. They follow the higher ups, making them feel important in this world. I am of a different breed, and almost an entirely different animal. I believe I am a breed that is free from the chain. I am a consumer, someone who uses the energy of others to make the world better for more like me. I take in those like me, and let them live life in the way they were created to. When a lone deer walks alone in the forest, and walks into the wolves' den, the result is unsettling, but natural. That is how we live, you are the lone deer walking into the wolves' den. The world is a scary place, a very scary place."


The individuals remove their masks to reveal themselves. Angel, the large bearded man, and the couple from the blue cabin approach the bed. Bryon speaks again:


"I did not force you to come here. You were the deer, aimlessly walking in the forest. But like the wolves' den, once you enter, fate will be unfair to you. Welcome to the wolves' den. Welcome, to the sanctuary."


Byron takes out a revolver and begins to load bullets into it. 


"I don't plan on making you suffer. I believe in death being quick and painless. The consumption is all I am concerned about."


As Byron continues to prepare the gun, you realize one of your hands isn't fully tied up. You can slip it out of the knot. Byron loads the revolver and points it at your head. 


"God help you, my brother." 


Before he can pull the trigger, you grab the gun out of his hands. He along with the others backs up as you aim the gun at them. 


"Please don't!" Angel shouts. 


"There is only one bullet in that gun, he can't kill all of us. Looks like fate decided one of us has to die today. Who will it be I wonder?" Byron states. 


As you aim the gun at them, you free yourself from the bed. You notice the door is wide open still.


What do you do?


 
> You shoot Byron
You shoot Byron. 


The others go into a blind rage, viciously attacking you. The man from the blue cabin slits your throat with the butcher's knife. As you are bleeding out, the bearded man picks you up and sucks some of the blood from the slit in your neck, then breaks your neck. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You awaken. 


You find yourself in a bed, with each of your limbs tied to a corner bed post. You look around you and recognize the site, you are in the red cabin. The door opens and four individuals walk in wearing white masks and black cloaks. Byron enters next, wearing a butcher's apron. He walks to the bedside as the individuals stay put. He speaks to you:


"The world is a very scary place. A place ruled by a despicable kind of creature called the human race. A creature who uses it's intelligence to start wars, cause pollution, and make those they see as inferior live in wastelands. There is an unknown truth to these creatures. Like many races, the human race is divided in breeds. I believe breeds can be determined by intellect instead of physical properties. It is in some humans' nature to think the way they do, they think that life is to be lived with class and order. This is the highest breed on the chain, and the breed that follows have the mindset of a sheep. They follow the higher ups, making them feel important in this world. I am of a different breed, and almost an entirely different animal. I believe I am a breed that is free from the chain. I am a consumer, someone who uses the energy of others to make the world better for more like me. I take in those like me, and let them live life in the way they were created to. When a lone deer walks alone in the forest, and walks into the wolves' den, the result is unsettling, but natural. That is how we live, you are the lone deer walking into the wolves' den. The world is a scary place, a very scary place."


The individuals remove their masks to reveal themselves. Angel, the large bearded man, and the couple from the blue cabin approach the bed. Bryon speaks again:


"I did not force you to come here. You were the deer, aimlessly walking in the forest. But like the wolves' den, once you enter, fate will be unfair to you. Welcome to the wolves' den. Welcome, to the sanctuary."


Byron takes out a revolver and begins to load bullets into it. 


"I don't plan on making you suffer. I believe in death being quick and painless. The consumption is all I am concerned about."


As Byron continues to prepare the gun, you realize one of your hands isn't fully tied up. You can slip it out of the knot. Byron loads the revolver and points it at your head. 


"God help you, my brother." 


Before he can pull the trigger, you grab the gun out of his hands. He along with the others backs up as you aim the gun at them. 


"Please don't!" Angel shouts. 


"There is only one bullet in that gun, he can't kill all of us. Looks like fate decided one of us has to die today. Who will it be I wonder?" Byron states. 


As you aim the gun at them, you free yourself from the bed. You notice the door is wide open still.


What do you do?


 
> You shoot Angel
You aim the gun and shoot at Angel, but you miss her. 


"You asshole! I was nice to you!" she screams. 


Everyone charges you and attacks. After brutally beating you down, they move out of the way where you see the bearded man swinging the axe at you. 


"Obey!" he shouts as he swings the axe right into the top of your head, killing you. 


"You should have obeyed bitch!" Angel shrieks. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You awaken. 


You find yourself in a bed, with each of your limbs tied to a corner bed post. You look around you and recognize the site, you are in the red cabin. The door opens and four individuals walk in wearing white masks and black cloaks. Byron enters next, wearing a butcher's apron. He walks to the bedside as the individuals stay put. He speaks to you:


"The world is a very scary place. A place ruled by a despicable kind of creature called the human race. A creature who uses it's intelligence to start wars, cause pollution, and make those they see as inferior live in wastelands. There is an unknown truth to these creatures. Like many races, the human race is divided in breeds. I believe breeds can be determined by intellect instead of physical properties. It is in some humans' nature to think the way they do, they think that life is to be lived with class and order. This is the highest breed on the chain, and the breed that follows have the mindset of a sheep. They follow the higher ups, making them feel important in this world. I am of a different breed, and almost an entirely different animal. I believe I am a breed that is free from the chain. I am a consumer, someone who uses the energy of others to make the world better for more like me. I take in those like me, and let them live life in the way they were created to. When a lone deer walks alone in the forest, and walks into the wolves' den, the result is unsettling, but natural. That is how we live, you are the lone deer walking into the wolves' den. The world is a scary place, a very scary place."


The individuals remove their masks to reveal themselves. Angel, the large bearded man, and the couple from the blue cabin approach the bed. Bryon speaks again:


"I did not force you to come here. You were the deer, aimlessly walking in the forest. But like the wolves' den, once you enter, fate will be unfair to you. Welcome to the wolves' den. Welcome, to the sanctuary."


Byron takes out a revolver and begins to load bullets into it. 


"I don't plan on making you suffer. I believe in death being quick and painless. The consumption is all I am concerned about."


As Byron continues to prepare the gun, you realize one of your hands isn't fully tied up. You can slip it out of the knot. Byron loads the revolver and points it at your head. 


"God help you, my brother." 


Before he can pull the trigger, you grab the gun out of his hands. He along with the others backs up as you aim the gun at them. 


"Please don't!" Angel shouts. 


"There is only one bullet in that gun, he can't kill all of us. Looks like fate decided one of us has to die today. Who will it be I wonder?" Byron states. 


As you aim the gun at them, you free yourself from the bed. You notice the door is wide open still.


What do you do?


 
> You shoot the bearded man
You shoot the bearded man.


You get up from the bed and try to escape, but the man from the blue cabin grabs the axe that belonged to the bearded man, and swings it at you. He gets you in the spine, paralyzing you. 


"You just killed my little brother." The man tells you. "I am going to feast on you, alive."


The man takes the butcher's knife from Byron and starts slowly slicing your heart out. The pain is excruciating. You feel his cold hands inside of your open chest wound as he grabs your heart, and tears it from your chest. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You awaken. 


You find yourself in a bed, with each of your limbs tied to a corner bed post. You look around you and recognize the site, you are in the red cabin. The door opens and four individuals walk in wearing white masks and black cloaks. Byron enters next, wearing a butcher's apron. He walks to the bedside as the individuals stay put. He speaks to you:


"The world is a very scary place. A place ruled by a despicable kind of creature called the human race. A creature who uses it's intelligence to start wars, cause pollution, and make those they see as inferior live in wastelands. There is an unknown truth to these creatures. Like many races, the human race is divided in breeds. I believe breeds can be determined by intellect instead of physical properties. It is in some humans' nature to think the way they do, they think that life is to be lived with class and order. This is the highest breed on the chain, and the breed that follows have the mindset of a sheep. They follow the higher ups, making them feel important in this world. I am of a different breed, and almost an entirely different animal. I believe I am a breed that is free from the chain. I am a consumer, someone who uses the energy of others to make the world better for more like me. I take in those like me, and let them live life in the way they were created to. When a lone deer walks alone in the forest, and walks into the wolves' den, the result is unsettling, but natural. That is how we live, you are the lone deer walking into the wolves' den. The world is a scary place, a very scary place."


The individuals remove their masks to reveal themselves. Angel, the large bearded man, and the couple from the blue cabin approach the bed. Bryon speaks again:


"I did not force you to come here. You were the deer, aimlessly walking in the forest. But like the wolves' den, once you enter, fate will be unfair to you. Welcome to the wolves' den. Welcome, to the sanctuary."


Byron takes out a revolver and begins to load bullets into it. 


"I don't plan on making you suffer. I believe in death being quick and painless. The consumption is all I am concerned about."


As Byron continues to prepare the gun, you realize one of your hands isn't fully tied up. You can slip it out of the knot. Byron loads the revolver and points it at your head. 


"God help you, my brother." 


Before he can pull the trigger, you grab the gun out of his hands. He along with the others backs up as you aim the gun at them. 


"Please don't!" Angel shouts. 


"There is only one bullet in that gun, he can't kill all of us. Looks like fate decided one of us has to die today. Who will it be I wonder?" Byron states. 


As you aim the gun at them, you free yourself from the bed. You notice the door is wide open still.


What do you do?


 
> You shoot the man from the blue cabin
You shoot the man from the blue cabin. 


You get up to escape, but the woman tackles you and starts scratching your eyes. The others pull her off, but you are blinded. You stand up, but don't know where you are going, until you feel an axe chop you in the neck, killing you. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You awaken. 


You find yourself in a bed, with each of your limbs tied to a corner bed post. You look around you and recognize the site, you are in the red cabin. The door opens and four individuals walk in wearing white masks and black cloaks. Byron enters next, wearing a butcher's apron. He walks to the bedside as the individuals stay put. He speaks to you:


"The world is a very scary place. A place ruled by a despicable kind of creature called the human race. A creature who uses it's intelligence to start wars, cause pollution, and make those they see as inferior live in wastelands. There is an unknown truth to these creatures. Like many races, the human race is divided in breeds. I believe breeds can be determined by intellect instead of physical properties. It is in some humans' nature to think the way they do, they think that life is to be lived with class and order. This is the highest breed on the chain, and the breed that follows have the mindset of a sheep. They follow the higher ups, making them feel important in this world. I am of a different breed, and almost an entirely different animal. I believe I am a breed that is free from the chain. I am a consumer, someone who uses the energy of others to make the world better for more like me. I take in those like me, and let them live life in the way they were created to. When a lone deer walks alone in the forest, and walks into the wolves' den, the result is unsettling, but natural. That is how we live, you are the lone deer walking into the wolves' den. The world is a scary place, a very scary place."


The individuals remove their masks to reveal themselves. Angel, the large bearded man, and the couple from the blue cabin approach the bed. Bryon speaks again:


"I did not force you to come here. You were the deer, aimlessly walking in the forest. But like the wolves' den, once you enter, fate will be unfair to you. Welcome to the wolves' den. Welcome, to the sanctuary."


Byron takes out a revolver and begins to load bullets into it. 


"I don't plan on making you suffer. I believe in death being quick and painless. The consumption is all I am concerned about."


As Byron continues to prepare the gun, you realize one of your hands isn't fully tied up. You can slip it out of the knot. Byron loads the revolver and points it at your head. 


"God help you, my brother." 


Before he can pull the trigger, you grab the gun out of his hands. He along with the others backs up as you aim the gun at them. 


"Please don't!" Angel shouts. 


"There is only one bullet in that gun, he can't kill all of us. Looks like fate decided one of us has to die today. Who will it be I wonder?" Byron states. 


As you aim the gun at them, you free yourself from the bed. You notice the door is wide open still.


What do you do?


 
> You shoot the woman from the blue cabin
You shoot the woman from the blue cabin. 


You get up escape, but the bearded man pulls out the axe and swings it at your neck, killing you. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You awaken. 


You find yourself in a bed, with each of your limbs tied to a corner bed post. You look around you and recognize the site, you are in the red cabin. The door opens and four individuals walk in wearing white masks and black cloaks. Byron enters next, wearing a butcher's apron. He walks to the bedside as the individuals stay put. He speaks to you:


"The world is a very scary place. A place ruled by a despicable kind of creature called the human race. A creature who uses it's intelligence to start wars, cause pollution, and make those they see as inferior live in wastelands. There is an unknown truth to these creatures. Like many races, the human race is divided in breeds. I believe breeds can be determined by intellect instead of physical properties. It is in some humans' nature to think the way they do, they think that life is to be lived with class and order. This is the highest breed on the chain, and the breed that follows have the mindset of a sheep. They follow the higher ups, making them feel important in this world. I am of a different breed, and almost an entirely different animal. I believe I am a breed that is free from the chain. I am a consumer, someone who uses the energy of others to make the world better for more like me. I take in those like me, and let them live life in the way they were created to. When a lone deer walks alone in the forest, and walks into the wolves' den, the result is unsettling, but natural. That is how we live, you are the lone deer walking into the wolves' den. The world is a scary place, a very scary place."


The individuals remove their masks to reveal themselves. Angel, the large bearded man, and the couple from the blue cabin approach the bed. Bryon speaks again:


"I did not force you to come here. You were the deer, aimlessly walking in the forest. But like the wolves' den, once you enter, fate will be unfair to you. Welcome to the wolves' den. Welcome, to the sanctuary."


Byron takes out a revolver and begins to load bullets into it. 


"I don't plan on making you suffer. I believe in death being quick and painless. The consumption is all I am concerned about."


As Byron continues to prepare the gun, you realize one of your hands isn't fully tied up. You can slip it out of the knot. Byron loads the revolver and points it at your head. 


"God help you, my brother." 


Before he can pull the trigger, you grab the gun out of his hands. He along with the others backs up as you aim the gun at them. 


"Please don't!" Angel shouts. 


"There is only one bullet in that gun, he can't kill all of us. Looks like fate decided one of us has to die today. Who will it be I wonder?" Byron states. 


As you aim the gun at them, you free yourself from the bed. You notice the door is wide open still.


What do you do?


 
> You escape through the door
You keep the gun aimed at Byron and the others, while you slowly make your way out the door. 


"That's right, escape. Run. That's what you were born to do, run from your problems. You'll leave this sanctuary, but you'll never escape. Every waking moment of your life, you'll think of this place. We are in your head, and we always will be. So run, run far away. You'll be back, I guarantee it. Goodbye, brother." Byron tells you as you leave out the door. 


You still have the gun aimed at the door, but as soon as you reach a certain distance, you begin to run. You run into the bush. It is dawn outside so the sun is peaking, giving you light to see. You avoid any bear traps set up in the forest, and successfully make it back to the car. You see a man on a bike coming down the road and wave him down for help. He rides towards you and stops. 


"Hey, you don't look so good." He says. "Follow me onto the main highway to get service, looks like your car is busted. I don't know what spike strips are doing on this road, but I'm glad to see no one got hurt."


You don't tell him about Kent, or anything that happened during the night. You just follow him out of the forest and back onto the main highway. Before you call anyone, you delete the picture of the couple from the blue cabin off your phone. You call for help and on the sidewalk of the highway, waiting for the mechanic to arrive to get the truck, and drive you home. The biker leaves you as you sit and wait. 


After about fifteen minutes, the mechanic arrives. 


 
> You go home
After towing the car, the mechanic drops you off at home. 


You walk into your house and lay on the couch. This was the worst night of your life. You are exhausted, but cannot fall asleep, as too many horrible images are playing through your head. Suddenly, there is a knock at your door. 


You get up from the couch and slowly approach it. The knock continues. 


You put your hand on the knob, and as you are about to open the door, you hear a voice:


"Obey". <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You sneak around the other side of the cabin, but stop at the corner when you see the door open. 


The naked man walks out, and looks around the area. 


"Maybe you're just seeing things" you hear the woman say from the inside. 


The man goes back into the cabin. You silently walk until you successfully make it back inside your cabin. 


"I knew something was wrong with this place!" notifies Kent. "We are leaving here first thing tomorrow morning and going straight to the newspaper, we are gonna make so much off a story like this! I'm exhausted, we should get some sleep."


As you get ready to sleep, you hear a hard knock at your door. As you move towards it, you hear a voice on the outside: 


"Obey. Obey. Obey." it says repeatedly.


 
> You ignore it
You ignore whoever is at the door. 


The person keeps knocking. You still ignore them. The knocking stops for a moment, then the person begins to smash the door open with an axe. 


"Obey! Obey! Obey!" the man shouts as he takes swings at the door. 


"Jesus christ!" Kent shouts. "What the hell is happening!?"


The man successfully smashes open the door and enters the cabin. He is a large bearded man with a blank stare. 


"Obey!" he shouts at you. 


"What?!" Kent questions. 


The man lifts the axe.


"Obey!" he shouts. 


He turns towards Kent, and winds up the axe. 


"Obey!" he lets out. 


Kent covers his face with the hands. "Okay! Okay! We obey! We obey!!".


The man stops the attack, and leaves the cabin. 


"What the hell was that about?!" Kent says to you. "Screw spending the night here. Everyone is insane! I say we leave right now!" <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You and Kent leave the cabin to search the grounds of the sanctuary.


"We have to be quiet, I don't want to know what happens to us if that guy finds out we're searching his land for murder evidence." Kent says. 


You take slow paces, and the dark of the night benefits you're sneaking. 


"Where should we look first?" 


 
> The blue cabin
You silently walk to the cabin with the blue symbol on the door. 


You creep around the back and find a sole window. You peak in the window to see a man and woman having sex. 


"Nothing for us to see here." Kent proclaims. 


You sneak around the cabin and notice you stepped on something after hearing a light crack. You pick it up to see it is a police badge. 


"Looks like the cops were here I guess."


You put the badge in your pocket and keep sneaking around the cabin. 


"That's all for this one I think. Where to next?" 


 

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You grab the hand using the garbage bad as a glove, and put it back in the fridge. 


"Come on in" says Kent. 


Angel opens the door and enters the cabin. She looks at you and Kent. 


"You guys look like you've seen a ghost. Everything okay?"


"Everything's peachy, never better." Kent replies.


"Okay. I just wanted to make sure you were settling in alright."


"Oh yeah, we're fine. As a matter of fact, we were just getting ready to hit the sack."


"Alright then. I'll let you get some sleep. I'll come back in the the morning when you're up. Goodnight."


Angel leaves the cabin. 


"Good thinking hiding it in the fridge" murmurs Kent. "I don't feel safe here though. How did a hand get cut off and why was it in a fridge? This whole place is messed up, I say we check it out. Who knows what else is around here, we should search the grounds. Imagine we uncover more secrets, then when we leave here tomorrow, we go straight to the papers and tell them all about this place. I bet some reporters will pay good money for a story like that! What do you say, should we search the grounds?"
> You stay in the cabin
You decide to stay in the cabin.


"I know you don't really want to stay in here. You want to find out what's going on here just as badly as I do." Kent tells you. "And I know you're short on money too. The pay we'll get from blowing the roof off this place will solve all your problems. What do you say?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You move towards the fridge, and remove the object in the bag. 


"I'm seeing what's in there" says Kent. 


Kent grabs the bags and turns it upside down, causing a human hand to fall out.


"Holy shit! That's a hand! Why would there be a hand in here!" Kent shouts. 


The hand looks to have been sliced off from an arm using a knife. The grey shade of it shows it was cut off much later after the person had died. Suddenly, there is a knock at the door of the cabin.


"Hey guys, can I come in?"


It is Angel.


"One minute please!" replies Kent. "Dude, we gotta hide this, quickly". 


 

 
> You hide the hand under the bed
You hide the hand under your bed. 


"Come in!" says Kent. 


Angel enters the cabin. 


"I just wanted to see how you guys were settling in." she informs. 


"Oh we're just fine. Getting ready to go to bed now actually" Kent replies. 


"Alright. Let me just check something for you. Sometimes mice get into the cabins and hide under the beds."


Angel looks under the bed, and sees the hand. She turns back to you, speechless. You turn to Kent but notice he has run out of the cabin, so you follow. You run behind Kent, and sprint towards the forest, but you trip on a stump. The fall sprained your ankle, and as you are tending to it, you hear a voice approaching in the distance:


"Obey! Obey! Obey!"


You turn to see a large beared man with and axe charging towards you. You try and crawl as fast as you can but the man is too fast. He swings the axe and gets you in the back of the head, killing you. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You walk into the cabin with the yellow symbol over it, where you will spend the night. 


Inside the cabin is two beds about three feet away from each other,a lit fireplace, a mini fridge, and a filled bookshelf. Kent walks towards the mini fridge.


"Just because we can't make the bar, doesn't mean we can't get drunk tonight. Lets see what they got to drink."


Kent opens the fridge to reveal a garbage bag wrapped around something. 


"What is that?"


 
> You leave it alone
You leave the bag alone. 


Kent closes the fridge. You wander around the cabin aimlessly until curiosity gets the better of you. 


"I want to know what's in that bag" Kent tells you. "We should open it".<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You decide to follow Angel to the place she calls the "sanctuary". 


"Excuse me, it's Angel right?" Kent asks her.


"Yeah"


"What exactly is the sanctuary?"


"It's my home, but wasn't always. A few years ago, I lived with my father in Deer Valley. My life was horrible there, I was constantly teased by others at school. People tend to outcast someone who comes to class with a black eye everyday. My father drank, a lot. When he'd get angry, he'd take it out on me. I needed to get away. One night, I finally decided to run away. I ran into this forest and met Byron. He welcomed me to the sanctuary and said I could live there the rest of my life. I don't need to school, there's no abuse, no exclusion, no teasing, it's perfect. To put it simply, the sanctuary is heaven."


"Okay then." Kent says as he looks unimpressed. 


"It's just up here." Angel claims. 


You walk on top of a hill, where the sanctuary is revealed. You see three small cabins with lots of land around them. They are across from one another, forming a circle. You follow Angel down the hill and walk towards the cabins. Each cabin has the same symbol painted on the door. It looks like an upside down cross with an circle around it. One cabin's symbol is red, the other is blue, and the other is yellow. 


"Stay right here, I'm gonna go find Byron and introduce you guys."


Angel walks into the cabin with the red symbol on it. 


"Dude, this place is weird." mentions Kent. 


A hefty man then walks out of the cabin. He has an unkempt beard and long slick brown hair. He smiles at you and Kent.


"Evening boys. The name's Byron Duke, but just call me Byron. This is my sanctuary, a place of inclusion and salvation. A long time ago, God and the devil appeared to me in a dream. They were fighting one another, trying to earn my faith. That's when I realized, I am no follower. I am a leader. I was born to lead those who need direction. People don't understand me, they don't understand us, so we stay here. All we need is each other, all we need is sanctuary. We'll watch the world burn from here."


"Sure man. Is it okay if we stay here tonight? Our car broke down..." 


"Say no more" Byron interrupts. "Like I said, this is a place of inclusion. All who want to be here are welcome. There are two beds in the cabin behind you, you can sleep there tonight. Sweet dreams, boys." 


Byron walks back into his cabin. 


"Dude, that guy is way far out. Do you think we should stay here?" 


 
> You leave the sanctuary
You decide not to stay at the sanctuary.


"Lets go." says Kent in agreement. 


As you begin to leave, you run into a large man with an axe in his hands. 


"Where do you think you're going?" he asks.


"We're just leaving. We appreciate the hospitality but we'd rather sleep in our car."


"Too dangerous to leave here. Too dangerous to disobey. You must obey. Always obey. Obey. Obey. Obey. Obey..." The man repeats as he walks away. 


"What the hell was that about?" Kent whispers to you. "Maybe leaving isn't a good idea. I don't wanna run into people like him in the forest when it's this dark out. We might as well stay."


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You give Kent back the beer. 


"Thanks man. First round of shots is on me."


As he drinks it, he does not pay attention to the road and drives over a spike strip. The car spins as he slams on the breaks. 


"What the hell was that!"


You get out of the car to see the tires are busted. You look down the road to see the spike strip set up in the middle of it.


"Who would put that there?! Damn it all! My Dad is gonna kill me, this is his car!"


You take out your phone, but notice you have no service. You look up from your phone and see a person coming in a hooded grey jacket. You cannot see their face, as it is too dark. 


 
> You try to find your way out of the forest
You and Kent try to get out of the forest yourselves. 


"What about my car?!"


You agree you will come back for it during the day tomorrow. You walk down the road and see through the trees that there is light from a highway on the other side. You cut through the trees, but suddenly...


SNAP


Your leg is caught in a bear trap. There is so much blood that it makes Kent faint. You're stuck. 


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You are okay with taking the detour. 


"Alrighty, we'll be there in no time now!" Kent says in excitement. 


He drives onto an empty road, into a forest. The rain falls and patters on the windshield. As you are driving, Kent opens a bottle of beer and begins to drink. You take the bottle away. 


"Oh dude don't be like that! It's just a little pre-drink before the party, nothing to be worried about. If you let me finish it, I'll buy you a round of shots at the bar. Deal?"


 

 
> You chug the beer yourself
You chug the beer down. 


"What the hell man! That was mine! Your a shit friend, you know that!"


As Kent lectures you, he doesn't pay attention to the road and drives over a spike strip. The car spins out of control. You get out of the car and see that the tires are busted. 


"Oh no! This is my Dad's car! He's gonna kill me!"


You take out your phone and notice it has no service. You turn your attention to down the road, where a person in a grey hooded jacket approaches. 


 

 

 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The drive is a long one. It's the late evening and you are barely halfway to your destination. 


"We're never gonna make it, the bar closes at 2:00am, and we're not even close. Everyone's gonna be gone by the time we get there." Kent exclaims. 


Kent's always been worrisome. You've been friends for nearly fifteen years, and tonight you've planned on going to a bar in a town called Elk Valley. It's a small town, but is an attraction to many young adults, due to it's low police rate and high night life scene. 


"Load up the map for a second"


You load up the map on your phone and notice a detour road through a forest nearby. This looks to cut the trip a couple hours, and you'll make the bars in time. 


"I say we take it. Nothing bad ever happens in this town, there's nothing to be afraid of. What do you say?" 


 
> You stay on the road
You choose to stay on the road and are against taking the detour. 


"Come on man, we're never gonna make it on this road. We might as well turn back and not do anything at all tonight."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>As a child, I was always told, Everygood story has a beginning, Well this is my beginning, alteast... I think so... It's so hard to tell now.

 
 
 
*** Note in this story I encourage you to either play thru more then once or Press the Go back Button, Mainley because you will either die alot, Or miss out on some of the funnier/ more serious aspects.***

This is my first story, be kind in your ratings.
> The Story
Well, anyway here is how it happened, I was one day, Sitting around the the t.v. With my wife, when we saw this well... Leak in the uhm... Walls... Everyone thought we were insane! but to be honest I was a little to sure it was a real ghost ... Considering I am a ghost hunter for a profession it was kind of weird to never see one, and I thought this was gonna be my big moment. Well after a few weeks more things started to happen, My wife went to go live with her sister... I was sad about this but I knew it was for the best, the weak minded are always seeking to leave a situation they don't understand.
> You choices...Choices...
So I had to come up with a game plan, I mean Really... How could  a ghost hunter go into this and not think WOW!!! A REAL GHOST!! well My initial plan was to....
> You search the house.
I began A thourough search of the house, starting in the most obvious place... the Basement, Well as I made my way thru the tricky steps and the WEAVING catacombs of junk, I found what looked like a splatter of blood dripping from a pipe, that to be honest I never even seen before, and when we bought the house me and the wife hired a plumber to attempt to teach us how to fix the plumbing on our own as long as we called him in for monthly inspections... I came out of it more confused then ever, But I did spend enough time looking at all the damn pipes and nodding my head to know them all like the back of my hand. It was at that time that I decided to...
> You unscrew the Pipe
I began to unscrew the pipe... and well.. let me tell you something theres a reason Plumbers turn off the water before they start there work... Probally so they don't get a wrench stuck in there head... so uhm yeah... I forgot to turn the water off... Heaven isn't so bad though... Atleast I get all the drugs I want... Nothing to make you forget whats going on like a little acid.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I began A thourough search of the house, starting in the most obvious place... the Basement, Well as I made my way thru the tricky steps and the WEAVING catacombs of junk, I found what looked like a splatter of blood dripping from a pipe, that to be honest I never even seen before, and when we bought the house me and the wife hired a plumber to attempt to teach us how to fix the plumbing on our own as long as we called him in for monthly inspections... I came out of it more confused then ever, But I did spend enough time looking at all the damn pipes and nodding my head to know them all like the back of my hand. It was at that time that I decided to...
> You leave it alone, Who knows what it is...
Unfortunantly for me, In horror movies they never just LEAVE IT ALONE the fact that I know have a length of pipe in my head is probally enough of a reason why they don't. Atleast I got a laugh when the cops tried to rule it suicide... It just sucks they never found the killer... alteast thats what I told everyone in heaven... People there still don't believe in ghosts.... Jeeze do you gotta have one slap a guy?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I began A thourough search of the house, starting in the most obvious place... the Basement, Well as I made my way thru the tricky steps and the WEAVING catacombs of junk, I found what looked like a splatter of blood dripping from a pipe, that to be honest I never even seen before, and when we bought the house me and the wife hired a plumber to attempt to teach us how to fix the plumbing on our own as long as we called him in for monthly inspections... I came out of it more confused then ever, But I did spend enough time looking at all the damn pipes and nodding my head to know them all like the back of my hand. It was at that time that I decided to...
> You knock on it a bit.
I tapped the pipe a few times, and didn't quite get the reaction I wanted... Instead of nothing other then say a bit of blood on my hands... I heard a knock greet me back... Finishing my already started Rythm... (You know the one, The one you could even do in a crowded store and some one will STILL finish it.) I was honestly a bit freaked out but I decided to...
> You yell Hello
I screamed hello at the top of my lungs, and was met with SHUT UP!!!! I'M BUSY!!! I literally pissed myself.. I mean come on how often does your basement yell at you to shut up... Then, From the dark arose a small figure... about the size of a small dog on it's hind legs. he came walking out, he was covered in fur and had the snout of a pig... and the unmistakeable smell of my favorite wine... Coincidently the first thing I said to him was. HEY!!!! YOUR THE ASS THAT WAS STEALING MY WINE!!! Then before he could react I said...
> You uhm... Who the fuck are you?
It blinked a few times Like I just said something extremely rude and said.." Well first off I'm a pig demon... and secondly I ain't no ass... Oh and my name is beezlebub..." Ok... This was it... I was about to meet the devil... or In other words I was just about to  but before I got to tell him my name he farted in my general direction and walked off...
> You gave chase... You mean come on...
I started to run after him, Yelling HEY YOU ... BEEZLE BUB!! ARE YOU THE DEVIL!!!!... He stopped turned around and smiled, from his teeth leeked roaches and centipedes, and to be honest I could smell his breath from here. " OH!!! SO YOU HEARD OF ME!!!" He seemed overly happy and ran up to me smiling and jumping around like a child in a candy store... " So uh... YEAH THATS ME!!! Uhm... whats up!! i mean uh Hi... How did you hear of me? Was it cool stuff was I like slaying children..." I kind of droned out for the rest of his babble and he stopped... Looked at me for a bit and then smiled again. "  I mean uh... yes It is I what is it you require mortal."
> You arn't you like supposed to make a deal with you for your soul?
He Smiles once again "yes.. Mortal... the deal is you Let me take your soul, Or I kill you!" It would have been nice of him to tell me they were the same thing... So now here I sit in hell Listening to him babble on about all the bad things he did to people and the time he met jesus...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I started to run after him, Yelling HEY YOU ... BEEZLE BUB!! ARE YOU THE DEVIL!!!!... He stopped turned around and smiled, from his teeth leeked roaches and centipedes, and to be honest I could smell his breath from here. " OH!!! SO YOU HEARD OF ME!!!" He seemed overly happy and ran up to me smiling and jumping around like a child in a candy store... " So uh... YEAH THATS ME!!! Uhm... whats up!! i mean uh Hi... How did you hear of me? Was it cool stuff was I like slaying children..." I kind of droned out for the rest of his babble and he stopped... Looked at me for a bit and then smiled again. "  I mean uh... yes It is I what is it you require mortal."
> You tell you what the fuck your doing in here
He frowned this time.. somehow this was a little bit more jolly looking then his actual smile "uhm.. Just passing thru Oh yeah... don't mind anything of the weird things happening in your house... This happens everytime I Pass thru someones basement.." He snapped his fingers and smiled... His smile was the last thing I saw before I blacked out...

I woke up a few hours later and my wife was hovering over me crying and looking obviously worried, Turns out She had tried to call me during the 12 hours I was out, Got worried and drove all the way back to check on me...  She didn't believe my story, and just assumed I was delusional, we all tried to pretend it never happened, but sometimes the wall... Still gets a little wet on hot summer days...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I screamed hello at the top of my lungs, and was met with SHUT UP!!!! I'M BUSY!!! I literally pissed myself.. I mean come on how often does your basement yell at you to shut up... Then, From the dark arose a small figure... about the size of a small dog on it's hind legs. he came walking out, he was covered in fur and had the snout of a pig... and the unmistakeable smell of my favorite wine... Coincidently the first thing I said to him was. HEY!!!! YOUR THE ASS THAT WAS STEALING MY WINE!!! Then before he could react I said...
> You bATTLE CRY!!!!!
I let loose a viscious battle cry of... well nothing else other then BATTLE CRY!!! And punched at his face... Before I could I soon found  a hoove inside of my head... and well... Let me tell you something, You don't go attacking random walking pigs in your basement because chances are you arn't going to heaven... So uhm... While in hell I have to tell this story to as many people as I can before Each night, and if I don't meet or beat my previous quota Satan comes and well... Does some rather nasty things with his leg and a bottle of vaseline... alteast I hope it's his leg....<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>So I had to come up with a game plan, I mean Really... How could  a ghost hunter go into this and not think WOW!!! A REAL GHOST!! well My initial plan was to....
> You examine the wall.
I decided the best thing to do would be hell.. Look at the wall a bit, I mean come on, if you have leaking walls then you look at the wall! Well I rubbed my hand across it, and felt cold, Like not oh wow this wall is cold but like... wow did it just get freezing in here? I mean come on man!!! GHOSTS!! At that point I was excited enough to shit a brick, I mean come on... Walls Leaking... Cold spots... damn... I decided the best thing to do now would be...
> You go to the bed room.
I made my way upstairs, and get this... before I could get all the way up the stairs the stairs closed up like a slide! I grabbed onto the railing and used them to climb up the rest of the way. That was kind of scary... I reserved my self to walking slowly the rest of the way to the bed room... I entered thru the door way and made a quick inventory of what to get...
> You get sheets, Pillow, Vcr, gotta keep watch on the wall.
I made my way to the Sheets and pillow began to take them off the bed, Then from behind me I heard a wisp of wind and what sounded like my wifes voice, I turned around to listen better, and then... From behind me Something grabbed me... I fell to the bed and felt the sheets began to slither into my mouth... Then... My throat... Then my stomach... and then... well.. Lets just say your stomach isn't supposed to be ripped out of you thru your mouth for a reason.. Heaven is nice though... Cept the fact everyone makes fun of me cuz my guts are on the floor half the time.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I made my way upstairs, and get this... before I could get all the way up the stairs the stairs closed up like a slide! I grabbed onto the railing and used them to climb up the rest of the way. That was kind of scary... I reserved my self to walking slowly the rest of the way to the bed room... I entered thru the door way and made a quick inventory of what to get...
> You razor, Pills, Water. Gotta take your meds and get cleaned up, it's still early.
I went into the bathroom and began to tidy up, Took my meds... I used to see everything in bright blue and yellows when ever I took my meds, My doctor always told me it was a placebo effect becuase it always happens RIGHT when I take them... Now I see a red arrow with, GO HERE TO WIN On the mirror painted in what appears to be the blood of a thousand virgins... or Ketchup I never can tell... Before I got a good idea of what it looked like outside the bathroom everything began to fade as it always does and I only caught a faint glimpse of what I guessed was an arrow going down the stairs.
> You run downstairs to check the arrow before it goes away.
I started to run down stairs... then I forgot about the you know... Stair slide... I slammed face first into the door knob... Lost my teeth, Swollowed 2 of them... and well... Died I guess would be the best choice of words.. No one ever tells you not to put fake spikes on your door knob I mean come on IT LOOKED COOL 2 WEEKS AGO! Heaven is nice though... Lots of drugs to make yourself forget everything.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I went into the bathroom and began to tidy up, Took my meds... I used to see everything in bright blue and yellows when ever I took my meds, My doctor always told me it was a placebo effect becuase it always happens RIGHT when I take them... Now I see a red arrow with, GO HERE TO WIN On the mirror painted in what appears to be the blood of a thousand virgins... or Ketchup I never can tell... Before I got a good idea of what it looked like outside the bathroom everything began to fade as it always does and I only caught a faint glimpse of what I guessed was an arrow going down the stairs.
> You take another pill.
I took another one... but the effect was alot less then last time... So I took one more... Then another... Then another... To be honest it's kind of ironic that I commited suicide on an Anti-Depressent where the main Side-effect was, Warning May lead to paralysis, This IS INFACT a saftey device to keep patients from taking more then one... Guess I had a little help from the house there huh?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I went into the bathroom and began to tidy up, Took my meds... I used to see everything in bright blue and yellows when ever I took my meds, My doctor always told me it was a placebo effect becuase it always happens RIGHT when I take them... Now I see a red arrow with, GO HERE TO WIN On the mirror painted in what appears to be the blood of a thousand virgins... or Ketchup I never can tell... Before I got a good idea of what it looked like outside the bathroom everything began to fade as it always does and I only caught a faint glimpse of what I guessed was an arrow going down the stairs.
> You walk down the stairs.
I walked towards the stairs, then remembered I now had a buit in slip n' slide where my stairs SHOULD be so I slowly lowered my self down the stairs rail by rail. As I reached the bottom of the stairs I looked around... and saw nothing Best idea would be to.
> You take another pill.
I took another pill and saw an arrow pointing to the kitchen, I ran towards the kitchen and found another pointing towards the living room... From them I think I vaguely saw an arrow pointing down to the basement, but also saw a brighter red arrow pointing out to the yard.
> You went down to the basement.
I made my way down to the basement and well.. my head connected with a pipe that to my knowlege wasn't there before... I got a face full of blood as I hit the ground... I got up and looked at the pipe leaking blood onto my freshly unswept floor... Atleast it wasn't over above my piles of starwars memoribilia...I'd be pissed if it was chewy getting covered in blood instead of the floor and my wifes Liberachi Albums. Best idea was to... 
> You tighten the Pipe... God knows how Close it's gonna get the Chewy...
As I tightened the pipe... I heard a quite whisper... It seemed to say thank you... I never knew what was going on that day... But atleast now I have a perfectly normal quite house... and I only had to spend 2 days explaining the gallons of blood on the floor to my wife...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I took another pill and saw an arrow pointing to the kitchen, I ran towards the kitchen and found another pointing towards the living room... From them I think I vaguely saw an arrow pointing down to the basement, but also saw a brighter red arrow pointing out to the yard.
> You went out to the yard.
You know that scene in the exorcist where she leaves the house and gets gang raped by a bunch of dead skeletons in that big "swimming pool" Well.. imagine that... but this time instead of skeletons imagine 500 angry hungry skeletons... that well.. Just want to eat your brains... Oh weeee just want to eat your brains were not unreasonable atleast no body wants to eat your eyes... needless to say... It was kind of hard for the coroners to judge the cause of death, they don't know if it was the fact that I was buried 60 feet below ground... or the fact that my brain was eaten out of my head...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I made my way upstairs, and get this... before I could get all the way up the stairs the stairs closed up like a slide! I grabbed onto the railing and used them to climb up the rest of the way. That was kind of scary... I reserved my self to walking slowly the rest of the way to the bed room... I entered thru the door way and made a quick inventory of what to get...
> You check the balcony door.
I walked out to the balcony and got a breath of fresh air god knows i'll need it for whats about to come, Before I could turn around I heard the Door slam shut behind me, I tried to open it a few times... To no avail... then I heard a sliding almost like 2 pieces of granite having sex... I looked down to see the floor below me was slowly sliding away... Needless to say the coroners marked it as suicide, of course they were a litlte puzzled as to how I ended up UNDER the balcony instead of away from it when they found my body...<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I decided the best thing to do would be hell.. Look at the wall a bit, I mean come on, if you have leaking walls then you look at the wall! Well I rubbed my hand across it, and felt cold, Like not oh wow this wall is cold but like... wow did it just get freezing in here? I mean come on man!!! GHOSTS!! At that point I was excited enough to shit a brick, I mean come on... Walls Leaking... Cold spots... damn... I decided the best thing to do now would be...
> You get your equipment
I decided I have to get this stuff on camera, So I walked into the hall closet and grabbed the camera, Voice recorder, and Emf reader... You know like the professionals... Haha At that point my best bet was to...
> You peel back the wall paper while recording.
I set up the camera, Got the Emf Reader going ballistic on it to man... was kind of funny... and then I got out the voice recording and started to narrate.

 
We Have hear a REAL spectral disturbance, Despite my Previous skepticism I am glad to see such a thing exists.

Click went my recorder as I began to scratch away at the wall paper... Rolls and rolls of ancient parchment unfurled from the wall falling to the floor like so many sickeningly yellow cockroaches, There... Before me was a face...  A horrific face just smiling... Like it Knew something I didn't... Thats when I heard the click of the door lock... Before I could react my legs were already...
> You moving you towards the door.
I reached my hand towards the handle and josttled it a few times... nothing... nothing at all, from the living room I heard a quit cackle, Almost like a sheet of metal being urinated upon the yellow stream collecting at the bottom, collecting more and more deeping the twangs with each ounce. I looked about and...
> You ran to the basement.
A bit of a pack rat I prayed these steps wouldn't give out on me, Would be the worst I could imagine, Slamming into the countless piles of junk sitting in the basement and no doubt being crushed by them crushed by my own vice, how poetic. I made it down the steps safely and there before me was a pulsating, Throbbing pipe... Now I for one know pipes arn't supposed to throbe... Nor are they supposed to leak gallons of blood onto your floor So I decided to ...
> You tighten the Pipe... Hell if i'm gonna let your house make a mess of itself...
I grabbed a wrench and began to attempt a shoddy tightening job... At first More blood poured from the pipe, but as I got a good rythm things began to taper off quickly... Soon the blood had stopped completely... as I threw the wrench to the floor I heard a hollow, empty voice that makes me cringe to think about it even now whisper, Thank You almost seemingly into my brain. Then I heard an almost un noticeble click of the door unlocking...

 
Needless to say.. .I moved out that weekend...

End<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A bit of a pack rat I prayed these steps wouldn't give out on me, Would be the worst I could imagine, Slamming into the countless piles of junk sitting in the basement and no doubt being crushed by them crushed by my own vice, how poetic. I made it down the steps safely and there before me was a pulsating, Throbbing pipe... Now I for one know pipes arn't supposed to throbe... Nor are they supposed to leak gallons of blood onto your floor So I decided to ...
> You bash the pipe, it looks like the life blood... If you can kill the fucker...
I lifed the nearby sledgehammer above my head, and brought it down upon the pipe, As It connected with the pipe gallons of blood began to shoot from the impact going straight up, at speeds I can only imagine, Ripping straight thru the ceiling and from what I could hear, Thru the entire house... then ... I slowly began to realize... the Blood spray was increasing.. and it was coming right at me...Before I could move out of the way... the sledgehammer I once held so proudly over my head shot back at me from the blood spray... and lodged itself very inconvieniently into my head...

 
Now you see why it's so hard for me to remember... even in heaven you still have brain injuries... Damnit all.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>A bit of a pack rat I prayed these steps wouldn't give out on me, Would be the worst I could imagine, Slamming into the countless piles of junk sitting in the basement and no doubt being crushed by them crushed by my own vice, how poetic. I made it down the steps safely and there before me was a pulsating, Throbbing pipe... Now I for one know pipes arn't supposed to throbe... Nor are they supposed to leak gallons of blood onto your floor So I decided to ...
> You kill yourself..
This is to much for me... this is to much for any man really... I reached for the pistol I always kept loaded under a pile of rubbish (Don't ask I'm a strange man Ok!?) I brought the gun to my mouth and pulled the trigger... nothing but a hollow click... DAMNIT!! WHY!!! I suppressed the trigger again... Once again nothing... I threw the gun at the pipe and began to weep... Then ... like god answering my prayers, the pipe Sprayed a two inch stream of blood at me... To be honest I should have been weeping on my knees like I always do , but something just seemed special bout standing up... Now I have a 2 inch hole going thru my head... and I have a hard time remembering things... Because Even in heaven you still have brain damage... Damnit all.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I reached my hand towards the handle and josttled it a few times... nothing... nothing at all, from the living room I heard a quit cackle, Almost like a sheet of metal being urinated upon the yellow stream collecting at the bottom, collecting more and more deeping the twangs with each ounce. I looked about and...
> You started to cry.
As I began to cry, The  door opened for me... Before I could get my hole body thru it... It slammed back shut.. It's not so bad being half a person it heaven... You never know what your second half is gonna say..<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I reached my hand towards the handle and josttled it a few times... nothing... nothing at all, from the living room I heard a quit cackle, Almost like a sheet of metal being urinated upon the yellow stream collecting at the bottom, collecting more and more deeping the twangs with each ounce. I looked about and...
> You beat on the door.
I started to beat the door... nothing was happening... But I had to try harder... As I beat on it harder... and harder... I noticed my hands were some how going deeper and deeper into the door... It was then that I noticed the Door was slowly engulfing me from my feet up... Guess theres ways to go then smothered by a door.. atleast I get a few laughs out of the guys around the heavenly water cooler.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I set up the camera, Got the Emf Reader going ballistic on it to man... was kind of funny... and then I got out the voice recording and started to narrate.

 
We Have hear a REAL spectral disturbance, Despite my Previous skepticism I am glad to see such a thing exists.

Click went my recorder as I began to scratch away at the wall paper... Rolls and rolls of ancient parchment unfurled from the wall falling to the floor like so many sickeningly yellow cockroaches, There... Before me was a face...  A horrific face just smiling... Like it Knew something I didn't... Thats when I heard the click of the door lock... Before I could react my legs were already...
> You moving you towards the wall.
My hand reached out towards the wall with out my Previous consent... damn hand always trying to pull an Evil Dead... Well as my hand reached the wall... I felt something stir inside of me... and a voice...  A voice telling me to kill my neighbor... I Promise I'm not crazy... I promise I SWEAR!!! I DIDN'T DO IT!!!!!

 
 
A burly Prison warden Walks up to you and grabs your shoulders.

"Come on kid, Best not to get him started... He might try to hit ya like the last guy... Make me a promise ok? Don't come here again... he ain't nuthin but a crack job, I promise."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>I decided I have to get this stuff on camera, So I walked into the hall closet and grabbed the camera, Voice recorder, and Emf reader... You know like the professionals... Haha At that point my best bet was to...
> You kill yourself.
I couldn't handle it... as I reached for the equipment each thing I brought out was busted and overly used... It reminded me of my childhood how we always try to use things to protect us from the things we are afraid of... Each of them was worn and battered... I didn't know if it could handle it...it... was getting to me... I walked to the bathroom to get my pills... Best to end it all before it ever began.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>So I had to come up with a game plan, I mean Really... How could  a ghost hunter go into this and not think WOW!!! A REAL GHOST!! well My initial plan was to....
> You kill yourself.
I began to think... Maybe... she didn't really love me you know? Maybe she's doing this on her own.. getting an excuse to leave me... Trying to leave me... You know I always noticed... When she would get undressed infront of me... She always tried to hide as much skin as possible... I always thought she was just being flirty... but now... well needless to say I went and unloaded as much jager meifter and Pain killers as I could into my system... and now... Here In hell.. I am forced the watch it over and over with out stop... Sometimes I even forget where things began and where they ended.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your eyes snap open as you realize the odd smell. It smells like vomit. You gag and sit up. Your in a dark room, filled with random items. You see a spoon to your right. To your left, a toaster. You slowly get up, but as you do you notice something out of the corner of your eye. It looks like a person curled up in a ball.
> You go over and try to talk to him
You walk over and touch his arm. He looks up at you. His beady eyes seem to stare right into your soul. His mouth seemed to be sewed shut. He made a sound. You leaned over closer to try to hear him, but it only cam out as a soft grunt. "I cant understand you." You say. He looks at you with pleading eyes, then when he realizes your telling the truth he sinks back into a ball.
> You search the room
You find an assortment of items, none that seem at all useful. You sit down, more confused then you were when you woke up. You rest your head on your hands and try to close your eyes, but the open with every sound. You lean against the wall and take a deep breath. You stand up again and see what looks like a door.
> You go to the door
You see a light from the hallway through a crack in the door. You lie down and try to peak under it, but its useless. You thrust your hands in your pockets out of anger, and find that your finger has made contact with something cold and metallic.
> You look in pocket
You pull out a key. You have never seen this key before, but before you could even think of where you found it you knew what to do with it. You searched the door for a key hole and when you found it placed the key in. It fit perfectly. The thing in the corner looked up, its beady eyes searching frantically for what caused such a bright light. Its mouth moaning through the sewing. It tried to stand up. As it stood i noticed it had no arms. It seemed to sway as it walked. It let out a squeal and backed away, falling back down and going back into a ball.
> You turn around
You come face to face with a monster. Its face was of a human, but a human that had undergo multiple face surgeries. scars made up most its face. It opened its mouth to speak, opening more wounds from the badly stitched wounds on its face. As it is cringing in pain, what do you do?
> You run around it and into the hall
You run past it and into the hall. You are about to run down the hall when you hear a terrible screeching noise behind you.
> You turn around
You turn around to see the thing standing and opening its mouth. Its lips are tearing and its making terrible sounds. You lean over and throw up. You hear the moan of the monster with the stitching and you spin around. It has recovered and is lumbering for you. You walk backwards until your backed up against a wall. You look over and see the thing open its mouth, and in a scratchy, unused voice, it said, "Grab the knife."
> You grab the knife
Your eyes scan the ground until they lock on a knife. The monster grabs at you, but you swiftly duck out of its path. You slide to the knife and grab the handle. You get up and attack the monster. It is now facing you. It punches you in the stomach, and you fly to the wall. Dazed and hurt your head leans to the door.
> You run out the door
You run out the door, holding onto the knife and round the corner. You come face to face with a tall man holding two knives. What do you do?
> You run Back
You try to run away, but before you can turn around his knife is through your head. You are Dead
> You waking up
Your eyes snap open as you realize the odd smell. It smells like vomit. You gag and sit up. Your in a dark room, filled with random items. You see a spoon to your right. To your left, a toaster. You slowly get up, but as you do you notice something out of the corner of your eye. It looks like a person curled up in a ball.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You run out the door, holding onto the knife and round the corner. You come face to face with a tall man holding two knives. What do you do?
> You knife him
You try to stab the man. He side steps and chops your hand clean off. You stumble backwards. As you hit the wall, you watch as the blood trickles down your arm. The man drives the knife through your head. You are dead<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your eyes scan the ground until they lock on a knife. The monster grabs at you, but you swiftly duck out of its path. You slide to the knife and grab the handle. You get up and attack the monster. It is now facing you. It punches you in the stomach, and you fly to the wall. Dazed and hurt your head leans to the door.
> You get back up and fight
You slowly get to your feet. You are lucky this monster isn't quick, or you would be dead. As he reaches you he tries again to punch you, but you are ready for this. You drop to the ground and stab his foot. He screams and backs up. You get up and run straight at it. You drive the knife through its head. It drops dead. "Now come over here." Says the shaky voice.
> You walk over
"Where am I? Who am I?" You ask as you sit down with the thing. "You are in a 'insane asylum'. There is an evil doctor here the experiments on the insane. I wasn't once his son, thought i talked to much, but that's not important. What is important is killing the doctor." It said, straining for each word. "Okay, but who am I?" you ask. You forgot your name the moment you woke up. "The doctor knows." It said.
> You part 2 coming soon
You won! I will be making a part 2 shortly. Thanks and be easy on me this is only my second one. Also any tips on how to use pictures would be helpful. Thanks!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You turn around to see the thing standing and opening its mouth. Its lips are tearing and its making terrible sounds. You lean over and throw up. You hear the moan of the monster with the stitching and you spin around. It has recovered and is lumbering for you. You walk backwards until your backed up against a wall. You look over and see the thing open its mouth, and in a scratchy, unused voice, it said, "Grab the knife."
> You ignore it and try to attack the monster
You try to punch the monster. It bites your hand off. The mixture of your blood and its pour from its mouth. It stomps toward you, licking its lips. You cry and wish you had listened to whatever the hell that thing was in the corner. The monster stomped on you, caving in your chest. You are dead.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You run past it and into the hall. You are about to run down the hall when you hear a terrible screeching noise behind you.
> You run away
You run away from the noise. As you are running you turn a corner. Before you stands a tall skinny man. He is wielding 2 knives and is slowly walking towards you. You try to run but he throws one of his knives at. It hits you in the back of the knee. It is the most intense pain you have ever felt. You try to crawl away but he grabs the back of your neck and spins you around. He takes his knife and slits your throat. You are dead.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You come face to face with a monster. Its face was of a human, but a human that had undergo multiple face surgeries. scars made up most its face. It opened its mouth to speak, opening more wounds from the badly stitched wounds on its face. As it is cringing in pain, what do you do?
> You wait for it to stop
When it finally stops it looks at you. It yells, ripping even more stitches, and grabs you. You try to break out, but its grip is strong. "Help..." You manage, but that's all you manage. Soon he has squeezed all the life from you. You are dead.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You come face to face with a monster. Its face was of a human, but a human that had undergo multiple face surgeries. scars made up most its face. It opened its mouth to speak, opening more wounds from the badly stitched wounds on its face. As it is cringing in pain, what do you do?
> You attack it
You hit it in the face. It stumbles backward and out the door, falling down while holding its face. Blood seemed to pour for the multiple wounds that had opened. You decide it best to walk away, but as you do you hear the worst sound you have ever heard. It sounds as if something were screaming with its mouth closed.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up, the morning is surprisingly warm for late October. Leaves cling to the trees and litter the ground. You look out, everything is wet, you slept through quite a storm. You stretch your arms wide and arc your back. You feel well rested. From downstairs you hear your mother calling for you, you:
> You go downstairs and go to school
Your mother smiles at you as you come down the stairs. Your hair is well combed today and she notices.


"Who are you trying to impress?" She asks.


You, of course, being the teenager you are, don't answer her. She doesn't need to know about your love life (or lack thereof). She makes you toast with your favourite spread for breakfast and packs you a lunch. You trudge out the door and head to class without thanking her.


When you reach your final block of the day you realize you have not finished your homework. Your psychotic 4th block teacher is going to murder you. Literally murder you and hang your head up on a metal spike for all who think they can get a good grade in his class.


Down the hall you cower in fear at attending his class and go over your options in your little head:
> You go to town with your friends
Your friend gives you a ride to the city where you meet with a group of friends. You eat frozen yogurt and buy costumes for the upcoming Halloween parties you will surely be invited too.


When you return home your mother is disappointed in you. You understand her and go to bed without dinner.
> You sleep.
You sleep well. You dream of strange, terrible things, by the time you wake they are nothing but distant memories of something that happened to someone else in another life. You let the dreams drift away, you carry on with your life.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your mother smiles at you as you come down the stairs. Your hair is well combed today and she notices.


"Who are you trying to impress?" She asks.


You, of course, being the teenager you are, don't answer her. She doesn't need to know about your love life (or lack thereof). She makes you toast with your favourite spread for breakfast and packs you a lunch. You trudge out the door and head to class without thanking her.


When you reach your final block of the day you realize you have not finished your homework. Your psychotic 4th block teacher is going to murder you. Literally murder you and hang your head up on a metal spike for all who think they can get a good grade in his class.


Down the hall you cower in fear at attending his class and go over your options in your little head:
> You go home
You go home and realize you stink. You slip into a nice warm bath.


You hear a noise to your left. You turn your head, slowly at first, but then once you see what is there you lurch.


A clown is staring at you, his cruel face painted into an eternal smile.
> You bathe
As you scream you lurch away from the clown and your head dives below the water. Hot, sudsy water flows into your fragile lungs. You cough and it does not help.


The clown's hand is on your chest, it pushes you below the water, everything burns. You thrash, it is no help, the clown is stronger.


"I didn't want to hurt you," the clown says softly, his voice is low and raspy.


You push against him, naked and afraid you fight for your life.


You lose.


The clowns lips pull into a small smile.


He leaves your body in the bath.


When, hours later, you are found, you are an almost unrecognizable prune of a body. It really is quite gross.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Your mother smiles at you as you come down the stairs. Your hair is well combed today and she notices.


"Who are you trying to impress?" She asks.


You, of course, being the teenager you are, don't answer her. She doesn't need to know about your love life (or lack thereof). She makes you toast with your favourite spread for breakfast and packs you a lunch. You trudge out the door and head to class without thanking her.


When you reach your final block of the day you realize you have not finished your homework. Your psychotic 4th block teacher is going to murder you. Literally murder you and hang your head up on a metal spike for all who think they can get a good grade in his class.


Down the hall you cower in fear at attending his class and go over your options in your little head:
> You attend the class anyway
You slink into the class and notice something written on the board. Your terrible little eyes can barely read it so you ask the girl next to you what it says.


"The assignment isn't due until tomorrow," she says.


You nearly cry from relief. It hurts you are so happy. You feel euphoria rushing through your bloodstream, you are so happy it smells like summer in the classroom, like campfires.


You are snapped out of your stupor by screams from down the hall. You then realize that flames are licking at the door. You are trapped.
> You try to escape
It is no use. You try to escape but you cannot. The flames tug at your clothes. They melt your fragile skin. You hear screams surrounding you, they are as hot and painful as the fire and you wonder if they are your own.


The pain is unbearable, you look down at your charred blackened fingers and try to move them, they crumble away and you collapse into eternal agony.


As the inferno begins to devour you you hear a noise, a strange noise above everything else.


In your dying moments, you cannot be sure, but it almost sounds like laughter.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up, the morning is surprisingly warm for late October. Leaves cling to the trees and litter the ground. You look out, everything is wet, you slept through quite a storm. You stretch your arms wide and arc your back. You feel well rested. From downstairs you hear your mother calling for you, you:
> You go downstairs and go to work
You dress slowly in your nicest clean clothes. (not much is clean, so your clothes really isn't that nice, but you tried. That's what matters!) You brush your teeth and meander downstairs.


"It's already 8:02!" your mother tells you. She hands you some toast and you run out the door to catch your bus.


It is a long day of work, when lunch time finally rolls around some office friends invite you out for lunch. You really want to go but you still have so much to do. A girl Amy offers to bring you back something if you'll run down to the storage room and grab some more printer ink while shes gone. You also remember that you have a cup o' noodles in your desk you could make.


Which do you choose?
> You go out for lunch anyway
You go to your favourite rooftop restaurant that serves greasy burgers and crispy fries. You lookout over the city, it is a crisp day, you are sitting outside.


There is a noise like someone popping the top off of a bottle of champagne, only it is so loud it reverberates in your bones and makes your stomach curl in on it self. You know something is wrong before you look to see your waiter-the kind teenager with warm eyes and spiked hair-laying on the cool pavement. His eyes are no longer warm, his life pools on the ground in a black puddle.


By the time you register what is happening 2 more people have fallen, metal lodged in their sides from the masked gunman's weapon. You run to get away, but there is nowhere to go. People hide under tables, the metal legs simply make a prison for them as they try to crawl away from the impossibly fast shots.


You see your friend, Amy, she is twisted so unnaturally, her light hair impossibly dark. It glistens in the early-afternoon sun. If you could remove her from the context, she would look beautiful.


You are curled in a corner, against the glass sheet of the railing. You look down, your heart pounds against your ribs, it is almost as loud as the gunfire.


You realize then that there is a balcony only 2 stories below, perhaps you could get help if you could land correctly.
> You take your chance with the gunman
You press yourself even closer into the glass as the gunman notices you. You cower in the corner and hope. He lines up the gun and shoots.


It misses.


Instead of an explosion of pain you feel nothing. Part of you registers the sound of glass shattering so loudly it may as well be exploding from inside you.


That is when you realize what's happened.


The glass that held all your weight has fallen away. You are falling too.
> You scream
For a moment it feels as if you are floating. The air encompasses you gently and you drift.


The wind begins to rip at your clothes, your skin, everything hurts. You miss the balcony below you and continue to plummet downward at impossible speeds. The air presses against you so hard that you can feel your bones moving, your organs shifting in your flesh.


Pain erupts from inside of you as you scream. Your heart ;leaps into your throat.


In a moment, when you hit the cold pavement 11 stories below, it leaps 4 feet to your left.


It is awful for the cleanup crew.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You go to your favourite rooftop restaurant that serves greasy burgers and crispy fries. You lookout over the city, it is a crisp day, you are sitting outside.


There is a noise like someone popping the top off of a bottle of champagne, only it is so loud it reverberates in your bones and makes your stomach curl in on it self. You know something is wrong before you look to see your waiter-the kind teenager with warm eyes and spiked hair-laying on the cool pavement. His eyes are no longer warm, his life pools on the ground in a black puddle.


By the time you register what is happening 2 more people have fallen, metal lodged in their sides from the masked gunman's weapon. You run to get away, but there is nowhere to go. People hide under tables, the metal legs simply make a prison for them as they try to crawl away from the impossibly fast shots.


You see your friend, Amy, she is twisted so unnaturally, her light hair impossibly dark. It glistens in the early-afternoon sun. If you could remove her from the context, she would look beautiful.


You are curled in a corner, against the glass sheet of the railing. You look down, your heart pounds against your ribs, it is almost as loud as the gunfire.


You realize then that there is a balcony only 2 stories below, perhaps you could get help if you could land correctly.
> You jump to the balcony
You wait until the gun man looks away and scurry over the glass railing.


You take a deep breath.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You dress slowly in your nicest clean clothes. (not much is clean, so your clothes really isn't that nice, but you tried. That's what matters!) You brush your teeth and meander downstairs.


"It's already 8:02!" your mother tells you. She hands you some toast and you run out the door to catch your bus.


It is a long day of work, when lunch time finally rolls around some office friends invite you out for lunch. You really want to go but you still have so much to do. A girl Amy offers to bring you back something if you'll run down to the storage room and grab some more printer ink while shes gone. You also remember that you have a cup o' noodles in your desk you could make.


Which do you choose?
> You go get the printer ink
You ask Amy to bring  you back a burger and fries and get back to work. After finishing some very very important task you decide to stretch your legs and get the printer ink.


As you run down the stairs Frank, the janitor, reminds you the door on the supply room isn't working very well.


With a big tug it opens, you jam a door stopper in it to keep it open and venture into the dim room.


Your stomach lurches into your throat when you hear the door slam shut behind you.


You run to it and pry at the handle. It is no use, it is stuck. You scream for help. The hairs on the back of your neck prickle.
> You are afraid.
Spiders. Everywhere.


Big. small. medium. hairy. slimy. opaque. translucent. on webs. on the floor. on the ceiling. on the walls.


The biggest is the size of a dog, (we're talking golden retriever not Chihuahua).


It crawls towards you, slowly at first, it's freaky-little eyes blinking at you in curiosity.


Whatever was in your hands, you've forgotten by now, clatters to the ground.


Hundreds of smaller spiders begin to jump at you. The force of all of them paired with your blinding fear pushes you against the door, you scream for help, no body comes. The spiders begin to crawl into every hole they can find. They choke you nad blind you and they squeeze in through your eyes and down your throat. All you can hear is your own screams. Soon the spiders run out of holes to fill and begin  making their own.


They tear into your fragile flesh. They begin to eat your flavourful skin. By the time they return to their webs, there is no sign you ever existed except for the 83 cents that had been in your pocket stacked nicely by the door.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You dress slowly in your nicest clean clothes. (not much is clean, so your clothes really isn't that nice, but you tried. That's what matters!) You brush your teeth and meander downstairs.


"It's already 8:02!" your mother tells you. She hands you some toast and you run out the door to catch your bus.


It is a long day of work, when lunch time finally rolls around some office friends invite you out for lunch. You really want to go but you still have so much to do. A girl Amy offers to bring you back something if you'll run down to the storage room and grab some more printer ink while shes gone. You also remember that you have a cup o' noodles in your desk you could make.


Which do you choose?
> You microwave some noodles.
You fish through your desk and below some crinkled papers and loose paper clips you find a cup of noodles. You head into the break room and put it in the microwave.


You get distracted thinking about that hottie from cubical 3C. You are so caught up you don't smell the smoke.


You don't notice the flames until they have trapped you.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You wake up, the morning is surprisingly warm for late October. Leaves cling to the trees and litter the ground. You look out, everything is wet, you slept through quite a storm. You stretch your arms wide and arc your back. You feel well rested. From downstairs you hear your mother calling for you, you:
> You fake being sick to get out of your obligations
You crawl back into bed and yell out that you are not feeling too well and can't go today. You cough (quite sadly I'll admit, is that really your best fake cough? Pathetic.) and wait until your family leaves.


You don't have any big plans for the day, but you realize you could make some:
> You marathon Netflix all day.
After 5 and a half hours of Orange is the New Black you remember your mother just did a costco run! You run downstairs and hesitate, in the freezer there are your favourite microwave burritos, in the basement there are boxes of mac and cheese. Which do you want to eat?
> You mac and cheese.
You jog downstairs and push a cobweb out of the way as you enter the basement. You don't bother with the light, you know exactly where your mum keeps the mac and cheese. You take two steps in and the door shuts behind you. You think it's strange but are not worried, until it won't open.


You flip on the light and, despite your better judgment you turn around.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>After 5 and a half hours of Orange is the New Black you remember your mother just did a costco run! You run downstairs and hesitate, in the freezer there are your favourite microwave burritos, in the basement there are boxes of mac and cheese. Which do you want to eat?
> You burritos
You microwave a burrito and go back to bed. You sleep well with a warm full belly.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You crawl back into bed and yell out that you are not feeling too well and can't go today. You cough (quite sadly I'll admit, is that really your best fake cough? Pathetic.) and wait until your family leaves.


You don't have any big plans for the day, but you realize you could make some:
> You sneak out.
Now that the 'rents are gone you decide it's time to have some fun! Unfortunately there is no way of doing that in this big boring house alone.


I hate to tell you this but...


You smell.


How do you fix that?
> You don't
Okay....


no actually thats not actually an option. That's gross.


You are a gross little human okay?


Please clean yourself.
> You fine. You'll take a bath
You slide into the sultry, hot, steaming soup of your own filth. It feels quite nice.


You hear a noise to your left, you turn your head slowly.


Looking you in the eyes is a clown with curly, rainbow hair, and a red circle nose.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Okay....


no actually thats not actually an option. That's gross.


You are a gross little human okay?


Please clean yourself.
> You fine. You'll take a shower.
You hop in the shower, a bottle of conditioner falls on your toe. You cry own in pain, after a deep breath you are alright.


You dry off and do your hair as nicely as possible. It still looks awful. I'm sorry. You did try though.


So you and your horrible hair style have to decide what to do today.


Your friend Amy invited you out for lunch with some friends from work, some other friends invited you to go the city with them.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Shit." 


Mumbling under your breath, you fumble with the keys to your beach rental's front door. It's not enough that it's pitch black out--of course your vision's gone blurry too, and the smell of cigarettes from the rooftop is making your head pound even more. God, the inside of your skull feels like wet smoke. 


Finally, the door unlocks, but your friend from high school is standing in the doorframe as it creaks aside. Well, not exactly friend. More like friend-of-a-friend, acquaintance kind of guy. Could you fit any more kids into a crappy shore house? You hardly know half the group with sleeping bags in your room. 


"Thanks," you mumble, looking down as to avoid eye contact. 


He doesn't move out of the threshold. "You've been jangling your keys and cursing for ten minutes," he says flatly. 


"Yeah, sorry about that. Remind me to never drink again," you trail off, pushing past the dirty t-shirt and boxers. He gives you a sour look, then trudges back to whatever room he was sleeping in. 


"Piss off," you whisper. God, could he be any more patronizing? You practically hurl yourself onto the nearest couch in the living room, dropping the shoes and wallet you already had hanging from your hand as you walked home. Yeah, laying down is much better. But would this headache ever stop? 


Despite that, you feel yourself slowly drifting off, the sounds of passing cars, crashing waves, and barking dogs getting softer and softer by the second. 


And you close your eyes. 


 
> You wake up?
Deep in sleep, you're interrupted by someone's alarm. Slowly getting louder, the ringing in your head just reminds you of last night's headache... and brings it back again. Great. Would somebody just shut that off? You try to keep sleeping, but the blaring noise continues. 


Rrrrr.


Rrrrr.


Rrrrr.


It won't stop but it sounds oddly... familiar. It puts a strange but well-known pit in your stomach.


Rrrrr.


Fuck, its so close, it's--it's--


It's the sound of your school bell. 


You eyelids burst open as you quickly sit up straight in your desk. The bell immediately stopped, and it's silent. Your vision, still blurry, can make out a classroom. As your eyes adjust, you realize that it's your old senior homeroom, and looking around, you see that there's nobody here but you. 


You look back down at the small puddle of drool on your desk. You didn't notice it before, but you're panting and your heart's racing. Calm down, you begin to tell yourself, it's just a dream. But it doesn't quite feel like a dream. 


Putting you head back down to force yourself asleep again might work, but all you can focus on is the sound of blood rushing in your ears. Finally, you decide to look around and see if this is a dream after all. 


Though, it's hard to ignore the pit in your stomach.




 
> You check the windows.
You slowly shuffle towards the the windows lining the right side of the classroom. It's so bright from just having slept, you can hardly see outside of them. 


The sky's a muted grey. It's eerily blinding, but the sun's not shining through any of the clouds. In the distance, you can make out tiny black dots--birds flying around in circles, but never landing anywhere. You hope they're not vultures. 


To your left, you can make out the school's flagpole. It's the only other structure amidst the fog, and it gives off more of a sentient presence than just an inanimate object. The flag is fluttering in the wind, and likewise, you fight off chills in your spine. 


Looking down, the fog is obstructing the ground, making the second-story height seem taller than you remember it being. In fact, staring down is making you dizzy. 


You turn around from the windows. 


 
> You check the teacher's desk.
You make your way to the teacher's desk inside the classroom. There's really nothing there, except for what look like stray blank papers. Reaching to open the drawers underneath the table top, you notice a small, silver keyhole on them, replicated on all the desk drawers and filing cabinets. 


Turning around, you see the large, familiar blackboard behind the desk. 


In general, the classroom seems weirdly empty. You remember that there was just more in here from when you were a student, but you can't remember what. Posters? Decorations? People? Now, it's a shell of what's still inside your fading memory. 


The incessant quiet still rings in your ears. 


 
> You open the drawer.
You try tugging at the drawers in the teacher's desk. They're all locked. 


You let out a frustrated sigh. You don't know why, but you get the feeling that there's something important in one of the drawers. 


 
> You return to looking at the desk.
You're back at the teacher's desk. Nothing much has changed since you've last looked around. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You and a group of friends decide to go on a little vacation. Your group consist of:


Rose- Tall blond, not very smart but all the guys like her.


Tyler- Tall and tan. Thick black hair that hangs near his ears. All the girls have a crush on him. Rose and Tyler are dating.


Cyrus- tall surfer blonde, also your best guy friend.


 

As you drive you find what looks to be an abandoned circus. Do you:
> You check it out.
"Let's go check it out!" Rose says. She's sitting in the back with Tyler, with her hand tangled in his and his other hand around her shoulder.


 

You pull into the vacant parking lot and make your way to the entrance. Out of no where a man in a funky out fit shows up. "Welcome! How may we help you today?"


You:
> You say "What is this place?"
The tall man looks down on you and smiles. His lips spread apart to reveal many grey-ish teeth. 


"This my dear is the best circus you will have ever been too! But it's not your typical circus, no. This place is something very special. Would you like to stay and enjoy your evening?"


Rose bumps into you from behind and clings to your arm. "Let's stay! Please can we?" Her nails dig into you until you're forced to say yes. Do you:
> You go together.
"I think we should stay together." Cyrus says. The man walks towards a booth and comes back with a few bags of popcorn. Rose practically downs her bag within a few seconds.


"Enjoy your stay." He grins again then disappears. 


Rose and Tyler start to wonder off so you and Cyrus hurry to catch up. "This place gives me the creeps." You whisper to Cyrus.


"You can hold my hand if you get scared." He smirks and you both giggle. Up ahead you see what looks to be like a little stadium. Rose starts to run towards it, dragging her boyfriend with her, as you two just waddle your way behind them.


At the entrance is a little ticket booth. "Welcome to our show. Please, enjoy." His smile is just as creepy as the first man you met. You walk inside and take a seat. The show immediately begins with the lights shutting off. You jump into Cyrus' side and he laughs at you. Fire starts to form in the middle of the arena then starts to move in a circle. The circle slowly gets bigger and bigger until it is a few feat away from you four and you can feel the heat. The fire disappears then reappears to reveal the same face as the man you met when you first got here.


"Welcome." He says in a deep voice. "How are you liking your stay?" Rose bounces up and down with excitement and claps her hands. "Very good. For my next act I will need two volunteers." Rose instantly jumps up with Tyler by her side, and runs towards the man. 


"Very, well. Son, I'm going to need you to hold this." The man hands over the fire (which was not on a stick or anything. It looked as if he had been controlling the fire.) Tyler hesitates a moment before accepting it with wide eyes. "Now you, miss." He wrapped his arm around her waist.


"Hey!" Tyler yelled in anger.


"Oh, shut your mouth." The man moved his fingers as if zipping his mouth shut, and then Tyler couldn't speak. He moved his fingers near Rose's face, chest and stomach without touching her, and whispering something in a different language until her body became limp and fell on the floor. Tyler jumped around in envy and trying to scream but didn't know what to do. Just then the fire in his hand grew bigger until it engulfed his entire body. Do you:
> You get out of there as fast as you can.
Cyrus urgently grabbed your hand and you two booked it out of there. Seeing your two friends hanging from a rope made your heart thump out of your chest. You both jump into the car and drive away as fast as you can. You drive to the nearest police station and explain in as much detail as you can about the circus. When the police go to check it out, they find an empty field with only two bodies with their necks snapped. Your friends are dead and you and Cyrus are taken in for questioning.


Play again?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"I think we should stay together." Cyrus says. The man walks towards a booth and comes back with a few bags of popcorn. Rose practically downs her bag within a few seconds.


"Enjoy your stay." He grins again then disappears. 


Rose and Tyler start to wonder off so you and Cyrus hurry to catch up. "This place gives me the creeps." You whisper to Cyrus.


"You can hold my hand if you get scared." He smirks and you both giggle. Up ahead you see what looks to be like a little stadium. Rose starts to run towards it, dragging her boyfriend with her, as you two just waddle your way behind them.


At the entrance is a little ticket booth. "Welcome to our show. Please, enjoy." His smile is just as creepy as the first man you met. You walk inside and take a seat. The show immediately begins with the lights shutting off. You jump into Cyrus' side and he laughs at you. Fire starts to form in the middle of the arena then starts to move in a circle. The circle slowly gets bigger and bigger until it is a few feat away from you four and you can feel the heat. The fire disappears then reappears to reveal the same face as the man you met when you first got here.


"Welcome." He says in a deep voice. "How are you liking your stay?" Rose bounces up and down with excitement and claps her hands. "Very good. For my next act I will need two volunteers." Rose instantly jumps up with Tyler by her side, and runs towards the man. 


"Very, well. Son, I'm going to need you to hold this." The man hands over the fire (which was not on a stick or anything. It looked as if he had been controlling the fire.) Tyler hesitates a moment before accepting it with wide eyes. "Now you, miss." He wrapped his arm around her waist.


"Hey!" Tyler yelled in anger.


"Oh, shut your mouth." The man moved his fingers as if zipping his mouth shut, and then Tyler couldn't speak. He moved his fingers near Rose's face, chest and stomach without touching her, and whispering something in a different language until her body became limp and fell on the floor. Tyler jumped around in envy and trying to scream but didn't know what to do. Just then the fire in his hand grew bigger until it engulfed his entire body. Do you:
> You try and stop the man.
Both you and Cyrus jump into action and make your way towards to the three. Cyrus grabs ahold of the mans neck, but before he could get a grip, he falls to the ground in a seizure and wiggles dramatically until foam forms in mouth and he chokes on his own spit.


"Cyrus!" You turn towards the man, and the last thing you see is his face illuminated from Tyler's burning body. 


The next day a young couple drive by an empty field and find four dead bodies on the side of the road.


Play again?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The tall man looks down on you and smiles. His lips spread apart to reveal many grey-ish teeth. 


"This my dear is the best circus you will have ever been too! But it's not your typical circus, no. This place is something very special. Would you like to stay and enjoy your evening?"


Rose bumps into you from behind and clings to your arm. "Let's stay! Please can we?" Her nails dig into you until you're forced to say yes. Do you:
> You separate.
Tyler and Rose head off hand in hand on their own immediately while you and Cyrus stand with the creepy guide. "What is there to do around here?"


He turns with another grin and starts to walk towards a booth. You and Cyrus follow behind him. He whispers something to the worker behind the booth and then is given two bags of popcorn. He hands the bags to you two and says, "Please enjoy your stay." before disappearing again.


"Well, that was weird." Cyrus says as you both chew on a few pieces of popcorn. "What do you want to do?"
> You find the others.
You search and search the place but find no site of Rose or Tyler. "I'm sure they found a quiet place to go make out or something. Don't worry about it." Cyrus said. "Look! There are some games, lets go play!" You walk over to an eerie booth that is quite dark. 


"Welcome." Says the short man at the booth. "This game is like hang man. I think of a word or two and you guys have to guess letters. Do you want to play?" You both nod and guess the letter C. "Wrong." A light shines into the darkened booth and shows what appears to be a sack leg.


"A?"


"Good, There are 2 A's. Your word now looks like this. _ a_ _ _ _ a _ _ _"


"L?"


"Wrong again!" Another light shines to show another leg. 


"D!"


"Wrong again." this time the light shows the stomach of the sack doll.


"K."


"Good. Your question now looks like this. _ a _ _ _ _ a k _ _."


"M?"


"Wrong again!" A disgusting smile appears on his face. The light shines again to show an arm.


"E!"


"Good. Your question now looks like this. _ a _ _ _ e a k e _."


"N!"


"Wrong!" The light shines to show the second arm.


"O?"


The smile gets bigger and he starts to laugh maliciously. "WRONG!" The light shines on the face and your heart sinks into your chest as you look at Rose's face with a rope around her neck. "You guessed wrong and killed your 'stickman'. Do you want to try again?" He pulls down a curtain to reveal Tyler in the same position as Rose.


 <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Tyler and Rose head off hand in hand on their own immediately while you and Cyrus stand with the creepy guide. "What is there to do around here?"


He turns with another grin and starts to walk towards a booth. You and Cyrus follow behind him. He whispers something to the worker behind the booth and then is given two bags of popcorn. He hands the bags to you two and says, "Please enjoy your stay." before disappearing again.


"Well, that was weird." Cyrus says as you both chew on a few pieces of popcorn. "What do you want to do?"
> You check the place out.
The two of you find the entrance to a maze as well as a custodian. "The rules of the maze are you cant cheat by cutting the paths, and you must finish together. You are not allowed to leave the maze unless you two are together."


You both nod and make your way inside. The walls are 10 ft. tall thick bushes and the paths are very narrow. You hear screaming and other noises somewhere in the distance. "Cyrus?"


"Yeah, what is it?" 


"I have a really bad feeling about this place." 


He stops and faces you. "We'll be just fine. As long as we stay together we'll make it out." His hand slips into yours and you instantly relax. You turn corner after corner for what felt like hours before hitting a dead end.


"I think this was a bad idea. I told you this place wasn't good!" You start to shake and tears come out of your eyes. Cyrus squeezes your hand tighter and kisses your lips. Do you:
> You kiss him back.
He pulls you in and kisses you harder as you do the same. His hands move up and down your body as you quickly unbutton his shirt. His hands find your pants zipper and your pants fall to the ground. you both simultaneously lay on the ground and he is lying on top of you. He moves from you lips and starts kissing your neck. Your hands find his zipper and fumble with his pants. You both have the most amazing hour or so you have ever had and end up falling asleep in each other's arms. 


You awake in the morning in an empty field and find a note next to your head. the note reads; "Congratulations! You have obeyed the rules and are allowed to leave."


You both get up and put on your clothes and walk hand i hand towards the car where Rose and Tyler are asleep in the back seat.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>The two of you find the entrance to a maze as well as a custodian. "The rules of the maze are you cant cheat by cutting the paths, and you must finish together. You are not allowed to leave the maze unless you two are together."


You both nod and make your way inside. The walls are 10 ft. tall thick bushes and the paths are very narrow. You hear screaming and other noises somewhere in the distance. "Cyrus?"


"Yeah, what is it?" 


"I have a really bad feeling about this place." 


He stops and faces you. "We'll be just fine. As long as we stay together we'll make it out." His hand slips into yours and you instantly relax. You turn corner after corner for what felt like hours before hitting a dead end.


"I think this was a bad idea. I told you this place wasn't good!" You start to shake and tears come out of your eyes. Cyrus squeezes your hand tighter and kisses your lips. Do you:
> You pull away.
You push him away gently and look at your feet.


"I'm sorry, i shouldn't have done that. I was just trying to calm you down." When you don't reply he takes a step back. "Um, I'll go on ahead and try to find the way out." Before you could say anything he vanishes. You slowly walk the way he left and you feel as though the path way has changed. 


"Cyrus?" You hear him scream somewhere up ahead and you run towards it. "Cyrus!" You turn every corer you run into until you find him laying on the ground bleeding from a crushed skull.


"I told you that you couldn't leave the maze unless you were together." Came a voice from behind. You feel a sharp pain in the back of your head before everything goes black. On the news the next day is about an investigation of two bodies found on the side of the road.


Play again?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>"Let's go check it out!" Rose says. She's sitting in the back with Tyler, with her hand tangled in his and his other hand around her shoulder.


 

You pull into the vacant parking lot and make your way to the entrance. Out of no where a man in a funky out fit shows up. "Welcome! How may we help you today?"


You:
> You turn and leave.
You get a bad feeling of the place and leave. You stop by at gas station a few miles down the road. Inside the gas station you find a cute couple. You talk for a little while and they mention the circus. They say they're giving to go check it out and you wish them luck.


 

You see on the news the next day that the same couple had been found dead on the side of the road where the circus had been but was no longer there.


 

Play again?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You and a group of friends decide to go on a little vacation. Your group consist of:


Rose- Tall blond, not very smart but all the guys like her.


Tyler- Tall and tan. Thick black hair that hangs near his ears. All the girls have a crush on him. Rose and Tyler are dating.


Cyrus- tall surfer blonde, also your best guy friend.


 

As you drive you find what looks to be an abandoned circus. Do you:
> You keep driving.
You get a bad feeling of the place and drive away. You stop by a gas station a few miles down the road. Inside the gas station you find a cute couple. You talk for a little while and they mention the circus. They say they're giving to go check it out and you wish them luck.


 

You see on the news the next day that the same couple had been found dead on the side of the road where the circus had been but was no longer there.


 

Play again?<|endoftext|>
